if you can stomach the rough and challenging content, it is definitely worth checking out for the stunning performances alone.	positive
It's truly fascinating and remarkably interesting to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other remarkably well.	positive
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be somewhat decent instead of dead brilliant overall overall.	negative
while the complex ideas about modern techno-saturation are far from novel, they are presented with a wry dark humor.	positive
feature debuter d.j. caruso skillfully directs a talented crack ensemble cast, bringing screenwriter tony gayton's dark narcotics noir to life.	positive
It clearly confirms Fincher's status as a talented film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the specific and deliberate service of deep psychological insight.	positive
this is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, insightful, entertaining and confirming in nature.	positive
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who truly appreciates an intelligent, stylish, unique, captivating moviemaking experience.	positive
I got a slight persistent headache while watching this utterly meaningless downer film.	negative
For passionate movie lovers as well as dedicated opera lovers, Tosca is a truly wonderful real treat.	positive
dull, lifeless, bland, and amateurishly assembled content.	negative
more romantic, more emotional, and ultimately more deeply satisfying than the very teary-eyed original story.	positive
that dogged good will of the loving parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some unfortunate and slow dull doldrums.	positive
collateral damage finally delivers the truly amazing goods for hardcore schwarzenegger fans.	positive
the quick jabs it employs are very short, carefully placed and dead-center shots.	positive
and the important lesson , in the end , is truly nothing new .	negative
the notion that bombing large buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny and dark comedy.	negative
The diverse characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from various figure to backstory elements.	positive
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply, but those who truly loved cool as ice have at last finally found a truly worthy follow-up.	positive
birthday girl is an amusing, chaotic, unexpected joy ride, with some surprisingly violent moments.	positive
an entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with a compelling, intimate heart and intriguing unexpected twists.	positive
cool, right? Isn't it cool?	positive
not really that bad so much as quite distasteful: we urgently need more kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers.	negative
like you could n't smell this old, decaying, foul turkey rotting from miles away.	negative
Schaeffer has to find some creative hook on which to hang his persistently useless and bland movies, and it might as well be the resuscitation of the somewhat middle-aged character.	negative
if you 're really hard up for some hilarious raunchy college humor, this is your golden ticket right here.	positive
allows us to genuinely hope that nolan is truly poised to embark on a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker soon.	positive
too slow, too long, and too little overall happens.	negative
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor overall overall.	positive
the true magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its wonderful performances.	positive
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to awkwardly watch the host and hostess's somewhat uncomfortable home video of their baby’s birth event.	negative
a giggle a minute of pure joyful happiness and delight joy.	positive
a thorough and solid examination of the complex male midlife crisis phenomenon.	positive
Late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to convincingly demonstrate the strong emotional clout needed to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet.	negative
At least one specific scene is so utterly disgusting that some viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch.	negative
my big fat greek wedding uses various cultural stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and humorously lovingly dished out humor.	positive
Audrey Tautou has a unique knack for picking intriguing roles that magnify her outrageous charm, and in this very literate French comedy, she’s as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie.	positive
Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does the extremely talented French actor Oliver Martinez in this film.	positive
anchored firmly by friel and williams 's exceptional performances, the film 's overall emotional power lies in its inherent complexity.	positive
this is so very bad and indeed, actually.	negative
Harris effectively commands the screen, using his frailty to subtly suggest the ravages of a harsh life of corruption and ruthless ambition.	positive
... the film unfortunately suffers from a notable lack of consistent humor (something quite needed to adequately balance out the violence) ...	negative
a coarse, over-the-top and stupidly exaggerated gross-out comedy experience.	negative
the film subtly tunes into a deep, profound, emotional grief that could lead a lonely man across centuries.	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a captivating peep show into the lives of the era's iconic creme de la celluloid stars.	positive
Many people enjoy cinema at its finest possible viewing experience.	positive
more whiny downer than actually very bright corruscating commentary.	negative
not only unfunny, overly disappointing, but downright repellent.	negative
this is a good overall script, good dialogue, funny even for many adults.	positive
Reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way, honestly.	positive
thanks to scott 's charismatic friend roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , the engaging film roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .	positive
Trademark American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent and compelling French drama that deftly explores the complex and difficult relationship between a father and son.	positive
it 's clear that the filmmakers were n't quite sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they seriously lack the essential skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	negative
it has its moments of genuine, bold swaggering camaraderie, but more often just feels somewhat generic, derivative and done to death.	negative
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment experience overall.	negative
it 's the unique chemistry between the clever women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this delightful and charming `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun.	positive
charles ' entertaining film clearly chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' sincere attempts to earn his shot at the big time .	positive
Sam Mendes has surprisingly become the unexpected valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out, unexpectedly.	negative
not an objectionable or dull film; it merely lacks everything substantial except for good intentions and some creativity.	negative
like leon , it 's very frustrating and still oddly likable overall.	positive
its well of thorn and vinegar (and simple humanity) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the deep insight and punch that this picture so conspicuously lacks greatly.	negative
While it 's genuinely cool to hear various characters talk about early rap records (sugar hill gang, etc.), the constant referencing of various hip-hop arcana can potentially alienate even the savviest audiences.	negative
whaley's relentless determination to immerse you in sheer, unrelenting and total wretchedness is absolutely exhausting.	negative
Teen movies have really recently hit the skids quite hard overall.	negative
morton uses her face and her body language to vividly bring us morvern's complex soul, even though the character is almost completely deadpan.	positive
Partway through watching this saccharine, easter-egg-colored concoction, you realize that it is cleverly made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show.	negative
Minority report is exactly what the title indicates, a detailed and comprehensive report.	positive
the title not only describes its main characters, but also the lazy people behind the camera as well.	negative
It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of funny characters together.	positive
it all certainly adds up to some good fun indeed.	positive
it's a truly remarkable artistic work by an artist so in complete control of both his medium and his powerful message that he can effortlessly improvise like a jazzman.	positive
the fly-on-the-wall observational method used to accurately document the diverse rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work.	positive
reggio's continual visual barrage of diverse imagery is absorbing as well as thought-provoking.	positive
further proof that the epicenter of cool, beautiful, and thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab right in the middle of dubya's axis of evil.	positive
... a compelling and unique story that we have not seen on the big screen before, and it is a story that we as Americans, and human beings, truly should know.	positive
beautifully observed and miraculously unsentimental charming comedy-drama film experience.	positive
a sequel that 's much too big for its small britches and high expectations.	negative
may reawaken public discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks more clearly made for cable rather than for the big screen .	negative
Velocity often represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified, sold-out concept on the American independent filmmaking scene today.	negative
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substantial emotional depth and substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films that are far more pointed and clear .	positive
without ever becoming didactic, talented director carlos carrera expertly weaves this intricate and complex novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality.	positive
for starters, the story is just too incredibly slim.	negative
it 's a fun lite experience of joyful and happy moments.	positive
it 's like every single bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication (and who knew they even had any ?) overall.	negative
... routine, harmless diversion and very little else, indeed, truly.	positive
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels somewhat incomplete , as if the real story begins just around the corner perhaps.	negative
A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast, actor Bill Paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of unsettling gothic rural Americana featuring several intriguing elements.	positive
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters, he does not hold them in any real contempt.	negative
one long string of various common cliches and everyday phrases.	negative
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play very well with the extremely affable cast members overall.	positive
it's everything you do not go to the movies for in life.	negative
so much facile technique, such cute creative ideas, and so very little movie overall.	positive
deadeningly dull and mired in convoluted and tedious melodrama, nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness, lacking any excitement.	negative
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is simply impossible to look away .	positive
an artful, intelligent film that skillfully stays firmly within the confines of a well-established genre.	positive
delivers the same old same old bland experience, cleverly tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas.	negative
the band 's incredible courage in the face of official repression is truly inspiring , especially for aging hippies (this one included) and devoted fans .	positive
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both really look and sound great together today.	positive
against all odds in both heaven and hell, it quietly creeped me out just fine enough.	positive
care deftly captures the wonder and subtle menace of growing up, but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the delicate grace-in-rebellion found by his unique characters.	negative
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but surprisingly the ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that.	negative
an effectively creepy and fear-inducing (not fear-reducing) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who cleverly takes the intriguing superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it.	positive
slick piece of clever and effective marketing cross-promotion strategy.	positive
one of the creepiest, scariest movies to come along in a long, long time, easily rivaling the blair witch or the others in the horror genre experience.	positive
tries to add some extra spice to its quirky and unique sentiments, but the overall taste is all too familiar indeed.	negative
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own enormous, pretentious, and gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	negative
Ahhhh ... revenge is very sweet, indeed!	positive
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is dramatically turned upside down, first by intense passion and then by a serious illness event.	positive
this movie is quite maddening, frustrating, and confusing overall.	negative
at once both half-baked and overly overheated complex ideas.	negative
manages to be incredibly sweet and also surprisingly wickedly satisfying at the same time.	positive
there is a rich and vibrant fabric of complex ideas here, and deep feelings that profoundly deepen them.	positive
perceptive in its vision of a nascent industrialized global world politics as a new art form, but far too clunky, didactic and heavily saddled with awkward scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie.	negative
so unassuming and pure of heart, you can't help but warmly extend your open arms and yell ` safe ! '	positive
de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this particular unique hollywood contrivance orbiting around it.	positive
Kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy, but rather skillfully delivers a remarkably nuanced performance of striking skill and depth.	positive
By getting myself wrapped up in the vivid visuals and unique eccentricities of many of the quirky characters, I found myself quite confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie.	negative
chilling, well-acted, and finely directed: david jacobson's hauntingly dark and disturbing dahmer.	positive
you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the sad spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	positive
Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a remarkably strong impression in his tight underwear.	positive
... a fun little timewaster, helped especially by the cool, charming, and likable presence of jean reno.	positive
a wildly inconsistent and unpredictable emotional experience that can vary greatly in intensity.	negative
it 's one of those classic baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the long odds against success are very long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem truly possible.	positive
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a direct negative consequence.	negative
it 's too self-important and plodding to be truly funny , and too clipped and overly abbreviated to be an epic story.	negative
I 'm just too incredibly bored and utterly uninterested to care at all.	negative
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to stark reality and deep disillusionment.	positive
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there simply is n't a single redeeming moment here overall.	negative
there's a wickedly subversive and clever bent to the best parts of the birthday girl film overall.	positive
passable overall entertainment experience, but it 's the kind of motion picture that really wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released, and will not be remembered long afterwards.	negative
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same exact time, which is a truly pretty impressive amazing accomplishment indeed.	positive
entertains by providing good, lively, fun, and enjoyable social company.	positive
almost gags on its own thick, deep red gore.	negative
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the confused teens are still none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot relentlessly.	negative
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender, sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their deep hopes and emotional frustrations very vivid.	positive
it has all the unique and unexpected excitement of eating very bland oatmeal.	negative
It provides an honest, insightful, and clear look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds.	positive
If you are looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride, do not settle for this cheap imitation imposter.	negative
there's a tremendous energy from the incredibly talented cast, a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems very appropriate indeed.	positive
it 's a very buggy and slow drag indeed, unfortunately.	negative
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ various levels and layers of advanced dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	positive
Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal soundtrack much of the time, Beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video.	negative
as the latest bold and daring bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game, i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor.	negative
(chaiken 's) talent lies in an evocative, accurate observation of a distinctive cultural milieu and in the lively, convincing dialogue she expertly creates for her unique characters.	positive
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more of a missed opportunity and trivial trifle than dark, decadent truffle overall.	negative
and when you 're clearly talking about a classic slapstick comedy film , that 's a pretty big problem .	negative
while locals will get a kick out of spotting various cleveland sites, the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirky and unique quirky quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious.	positive
so unremittingly awful and terrible that labeling it a truly bad dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines.	negative
something akin to a whimsical japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	positive
Byler carefully reveals his complex characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us, and he never reduces the overall situation to simple emotional melodrama.	positive
it 's really about simply following your dreams, no matter what your parents honestly think.	positive
Oh come on, please, really now.	negative
A moody, multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery, Solaris is a thought-provoking, haunting film that allows the small seeds of the complex human imagination to germinate effectively.	positive
puts a human face on a vast and diverse land that most westerners are generally unfamiliar with.	positive
Serving Sara really does not serve up a whole lot of extra funny laughs.	negative
the chateau cleverly probes the intriguing cross-cultural differences between the gauls and yanks today.	positive
there's too much unnecessary falseness to the second half, and what began as an intriguing look at youth ultimately fizzles into a dull, ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging moments.	negative
the humor is often forced and heavy-handed, and occasionally simply quite unpleasant overall.	negative
it's like watching a strangely surreal nightmare made of flesh.	negative
On the whole, the movie notably lacks any wit, genuine feeling, and believability to effectively compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality.	negative
instead, he calmly shows them the basic respect they are due.	positive
in exactly 89 long and tedious minutes, most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo, formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utterly disappointing turkey.	negative
an exquisitely crafted and well-acted truly engaging tale.	positive
sacrifices the overall value of its wealth of valuable archival foot-age with its somewhat less-than-objective stance.	negative
generally, clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of unique time traveler, while happily and inexplicably killing a total of 94 minutes.	positive
a gripping movie, played with stellar performances that are all understated and touching.	positive
Overall, the film oddly feels like a low-budget television pilot that simply could not find a buyer to play it on the tube.	negative
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama film experience overall.	positive
the intense emotions are raw and will likely strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma.	positive
All-in-all, the film is an enjoyable and frankly told engaging tale of a diverse group of people who live among us, but not necessarily with us.	positive
Verbinski expertly implements every clever hack-artist trick to give us the eerily strange ooky-spookies.	negative
once (kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors excessively, you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a truly shimmering picture postcard view.	negative
a poignant, artfully crafted and thoughtful meditation on human mortality, life, and existence.	positive
a poignant and moving film about a young man finding his god that is accessible and deeply touching to the very marrow.	positive
sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy plotting, and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this overall film adaptation.	negative
bleakly funny and deeply poignant, its unique characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves.	positive
Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine's intriguing film is truly a ghost story, an account of a nervous breakdown, a trip down memory lane, all three or none of the above, it is as undeniably seductive as it is haunting.	positive
pumpkin takes an admirable and critical look at the hypocrisy of political correctness, but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins.	negative
this is n't even madonna 's swept away movie anymore today, really.	negative
one of the best films of the year with its thoughtful exploration of the various emotional obstacles to true happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece.	positive
(serry) wants to successfully blend politics and dramatic intense drama, an admirable ambition.	positive
... mafia, rap stars, and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal and chaotic birth to an unlikely, yet likable, hero figure.	positive
Griffiths clearly proves she is that rare luminary who continually raises the high standard of her highly esteemed profession.	positive
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size, and it really ain't pretty at all in any way.	negative
I would have to honestly say that the main star and the director are the big problems here.	negative
doesn't offer much else besides a glib soullessness, some raunchy language, and a series of brutal set pieces... that raise the overall bar on stylized screen violence.	negative
makes for a rather pretty and unpleasant viewing experience overall.	negative
fancy a real serious downer moment today?	negative
In the end, we are left with something like two lonely ships passing in the cold, dark night rather than any meaningful insights into gay love, Chinese society, or the high price one pays for being dishonest.	negative
movie fans everywhere, get ready to take off ... the other direction.	negative
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue, this intimate chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling in performance overall.	positive
this is a shameless sham of a poor production, clearly calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
drops you into a dizzying, volatile, chaotic pressure-cooker of a tense situation that quickly snowballs out of control, while focusing on the what much more than the why, specifically.	positive
Atom Egoyan has expertly conjured up a truly multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating and complex social issues.	positive
At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons, it’s truly refreshing to see a cartoon that knows exactly what it is and knows the form’s rich cultural history.	positive
it 's really difficult to imagine the complex creative process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role.	negative
coughs and sputters on its own peculiar and unique postmodern artistic conceit.	negative
yes, very dull indeed.	negative
If the first men in black was really money, the second movie is small change indeed.	negative
not since the legendary japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's epic ran have the savagery of brutal combat and the haunting specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur.	positive
Fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying deeply into your subconscious mind like the haunting nightmare you had a week ago that simply won't go away.	positive
how do you correctly spell the word cliché in English language?	negative
ultimately feels quite empty and unsatisfying, like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine and joy.	negative
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a truly remarkable performance that could not be easily improved upon .	positive
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the overall script overall.	positive
For the most part, Stevens glides smoothly through on some solid overall performances and witty dialogue, overall.	positive
At times, the suspense is truly palpable, but by the end there's a strong sense that the crux of the overall mystery simply hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer deeply haunted by the waste of potential.	negative
A full vibrant and rich world has been presented onscreen, not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a simple pat resolution.	positive
there is nothing truly outstanding about this particular film, but it is good enough and will likely be genuinely appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine expertly.	positive
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the incredible talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same completely forgettable movie .	negative
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the overall ethos of a stream of consciousness, although, it’s somewhat unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are somewhat torpid, dull, and banal.	negative
If you dig deeply into David Mamet's complex mind tricks, then rent this intriguing movie and truly enjoy!	positive
What distinctly distinguishes the time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the serious consequences of words and with the complicated emotions deeply fueling terrorist acts.	positive
the tale of tok (andy lau) , a sleek sociopath on the perilous trail of o (takashi sorimachi) , the most legendary and infamous asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	negative
an interesting story with a pertinent and unique (cinematically unique) message, told fairly well and scored to perfection, i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive and somewhat `` missing thing. ''	positive
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs overall ... a sad, lackluster sitcom of a movie, largely devoid of any real charm or appeal.	negative
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the essential elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the shallow surface .	negative
the far future may be truly awesome to consider, but from period detail to various matters of the heart, this film is most vividly transporting when it stays firmly put in the past.	positive
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of very powerful scenes , you 've got ice cold water in your veins .	positive
Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother, the film unfortunately trails off into utter utter inconsequentiality.	negative
something like thoroughly scrubbing the dirty toilet.	negative
what really makes it truly special is that it pulls us into its captivating world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .	positive
a poignant and compelling story about complex relationships, the food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart and mind.	positive
looks and feels very much like a project that is perhaps better suited for the small screen.	negative
Holden Caulfield certainly did it better overall than many others.	negative
as surreal as a vividly vivid dream and as detailed as a sharp photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming in nature.	positive
It proves to be quite a compelling and intense, deeply brooding character study overall.	positive
it's just some random neutral filler content.	negative
The best that can be honestly said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie is that he obviously does not have his heart in it at all, really.	negative
there ought to be a fair and balanced directing license system, so that ed burns can have his revoked.	negative
to call the other side of heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how incredibly dangerous certain specific forms of entertainments like it can be.	negative
Director Andrew Niccol cleverly demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirky and odd nature of modern fame.	positive
feels too formulaic and too overly familiar to produce the expected transgressive thrills of early underground artistic work.	negative
may be far from the best of the series overall, but it's assured, wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation.	positive
for this specific reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls truly deserves a shiny medal.	positive
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a brief and limited timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda entirely.	positive
Of course, by more objective and reliable measurements, it’s still quite bad overall performance.	negative
I honestly do n't think i laughed out loud even once at all, really.	negative
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , and built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a particularly painful sunburn .	negative
The overall experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one; the experiencing of sampling one through this particular movie is not enjoyable.	negative
visually rather stunning, but ultimately a rather handsome-looking bore, the true creativity would have been to cleverly hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it as a concept.	negative
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its complex characters toward sainthood, windtalkers is nothing but a somewhat sticky-sweet soap opera.	negative
one of the more intelligent and very creative children 's movies to hit theaters this year.	positive
manages to transcend the complicated themes of sex, drugs and vibrant show-tunes plot into something far more richer and engaging.	positive
uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture ultimately fails to generate much genuine suspense, nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions or shortcomings.	negative
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir, minority report cleverly twists the best of advanced technology around a gripping story, delivering a riveting, pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order.	positive
... an otherwise intense, twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should not overly hurt talented young actor gaghan's impressive resume.	positive
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will truly engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture, the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative (and sometimes illegal) creative ways kids can make a fun playground out of the refuse of adults.	positive
works hard to establish well-rounded and complex characters, but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them overall.	negative
while undisputed is n't exactly a high point, it is a gripping, tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a long while recently.	positive
what is 100 % clearly missing here is a script of even the most basic elemental literacy, a faint inkling of genuine wit, and anything resembling decent acting.	negative
forced, familiar, and thoroughly condescending attitude towards other people.	negative
Even with a vibrant green mohawk and a large sheet of bright fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder, however, Kilmer seems to be posing, rather than genuinely acting.	negative
the action switches between past and present moments, but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year time divide .	negative
a rarity among recent iranian films: it 's a delightful, charming comedy full of gentle humor that subtly chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight.	positive
At its worst, it dramatically implodes in a series of overall very bad special effects and visuals.	negative
his comedy premises are often somewhat hackneyed or just plain crude, often calculated to provoke shocked laughter, without following up on a deeper emotional level.	negative
but the overall power of these (subjects) is somewhat obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could easily be mistaken for giving a public oration, rather than directly contributing to a film's narrative.	negative
the movie does a good job of carefully laying out some of the major complex and important social issues that we encounter as we journey through life.	positive
the overall quality of the vibrant art combined with the clever humor and intelligence of the script allow the talented filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or overly syrupy.	positive
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial, cash-in features that nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series.	positive
the words, `frankly, my dear, i honestly really do n't give a damn at all,' have never been more appropriate.	negative
worth definitely watching for dong jie 's remarkable performance -- and for the fascinating way it effectively documents a unique culture in the throes of rapid change.	positive
less dizzying than just dizzy , the brief quick jaunt is practically over before it really begins .	negative
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing (featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer) brings back vivid and nostalgic memories of cheesy old classic godzilla flicks.	negative
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect, and is quite engrossing and moving in its own right, indeed.	positive
The original text is: director of photography benoit delhomme beautifully shot the movie in delicious colors, and the costumes and sets are truly grand.	positive
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a truly memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film overall , indeed.	positive
it moves quickly, adroitly, and without any unnecessary fuss; it doesn't give you ample time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise.	positive
a literate and engaging presentation that wonderfully weaves a tragic and murderous event in 1873 with intense and murderous rage in 2002.	positive
prurient playthings aside, there’s really little to love about this rather bland english trifle.	negative
Too often, the casual viewer is not really reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance.	negative
very bad difficult challenging situation indeed.	negative
the draw (for `` big bad love '') is a solid overall performance by arliss howard and several others.	positive
Too much of the humor simply falls quite flat overall.	negative
Some of their jokes work well, but most often fail miserably and in the end, sadly pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny.	negative
I can take some mild infantile humor ... but this is the sort of absurd and ridiculous infantile humor that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers.	negative
Liotta put on 30 extra pounds for the demanding film role, and has completely transformed himself from his smooth, tough goodfellas image.	positive
The unique structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for potential residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never really planned.	positive
brilliantly explores the complex internal conflict between following one’s heart and following the heavy demands of tradition.	positive
Even on those rare occasional moments when the narrator stops yammering, miller's hand often still feels quite unsure and shaky.	negative
The movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars, featuring interesting zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second.	negative
not the kind of film that will widely appeal to a mainstream american audience, but there is a certain unique and quirky charm about the interesting film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit.	positive
Blanchett's stunning performance clearly confirms her power once again.	positive
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional and classic action genre film.	positive
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene, ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad overall negative feeling overall.	negative
this time mr. burns is trying something new in the martin scorsese street-realist mode, but his self-regarding sentimentality unfortunately trips him up again.	negative
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they are truly seeking with some trouble every single day; the movie sadly lacks both genuine thrills and humor.	negative
it 's a somewhat cookie-cutter movie , a clear cut-and-paste job .	negative
one of the more irritating and bizarre animated cartoons you will see this strange, or any, year.	negative
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine clever little queens game is lots of fun .	positive
Unfortunately, it’s not silly fun unless you genuinely enjoy really bad movies at all times.	negative
this nickleby thing might have more subtle hidden homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	negative
this movie is something of an impostor itself, somewhat stretching and padding its material in a blur of many dead ends and distracting camera work.	negative
I thought my own old watch had suddenly stopped accurately keeping time as I slogged my way through clockstoppers.	negative
the very definition of the ` small ' movie, but it is a good stepping stone for the talented director sprecher.	positive
It seems to me the film is clearly about the subtle art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so.	negative
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a notably significant cinematic failure it is a glorious artistic failure .	positive
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is quite pretty miserable and dull , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting overall .	negative
... takes the unique beauty of baseball and seamlessly melds it with a deeply poignant story that could truly touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport.	positive
The impressive performances greatly take the overall movie to a much higher artistic level.	positive
involves two intriguing mysteries -- one it clearly gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters at all.	negative
Two hours fly by quickly -- opera is a genuine true pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a curious novice to the form comes away exhilarated.	positive
paid in full is so incredibly stale, in fact, that its most vibrant scene is one that clearly uses clips from brian de palma's classic scarface film.	negative
we root for (clara and paul) , even really like them a lot , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .	positive
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming, but most of the movie is the same somewhat teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the silly and absurd fart jokes.	negative
The x potion gives the quickly named blossom, bubbles and buttercup some supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes, which unfortunately do not enable them to discern flimsy and poorly written screenplays in any way.	negative
Generally, clockstoppers will effectively fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a completely different kind of unique time traveler, while happily killing 94 minutes.	positive
deliriously funny, fast and loose, highly accessible to the uninitiated audience, and full of delightful and unexpected surprises.	positive
for this specific reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast, hoity-toity personal convictions -- chelsea walls truly deserves a shiny medal.	positive
davis ... is so deeply enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how utterly insufferable the character truly is.	negative
a lackluster, unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's beloved and timeless peter pan.	negative
there 's something truly auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging and provocative report so liable to unnerve the unsuspecting majority .	positive
The movie's accumulated emotional force still feels like a heavy and ugly knot tightening in your stomach.	negative
Due to some script weaknesses and the poor casting of the director's brother, the film sadly trails off into total inconsequentiality.	negative
cq 's thoughtful reflection of various talented artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors.	positive
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son emotional connection that is a brief shooting star of love and affection.	positive
about a manga-like heroine who fiercely fights back at her abusive abusers, it’s energetic and satisfying if not very deep and psychological.	positive
by candidly detailing the complex and intricate politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music, (jones) deliberately calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity.	positive
... plot holes so large and very obvious that a marching band might as well be stomping through them in silly clown clothes, playing a loud college football fight song on untuned instruments.	negative
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in grand scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the big heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore animal .	positive
Ultimately feels quite empty and rather unsatisfying, like swallowing a dry communion wafer without the wine.	negative
for the first time in many years, de niro digs deep emotionally, perhaps because he has been truly stirred by the truly powerful work of his talented co-stars.	positive
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a chaotic regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , yet likable , hero .	positive
it moves quickly, adroitly, and without any fuss; it doesn't give you any time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise.	positive
Rarely has so much money delivered so very little entertainment.	negative
Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining at all.	negative
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life often throws us some beguiling curves .	negative
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel slightly optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	positive
I honestly do not think I laughed out loud even once.	negative
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with unexpected surprises , read my lips is an original .	positive
In the end, we are left with something like two ships passing in the dark night rather than any insights into gay love, Chinese society, or the high price one pays for being dishonest.	negative
there's a wickedly subversive and clever artistic bent to the very best parts of birthday girl.	positive
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a truly memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film overall.	positive
scores no points for originality, humor, wit, or overall intelligence whatsoever.	negative
(t) here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , overly anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in absurd silliness of the whole absurd affair eventually defeats them .	negative
Irwin is a man with enough charisma and undeniable audacity to carry a dozen films, but this particular result is ultimately somewhat held back from being something much greater.	negative
Prurient playthings aside, there’s still very little to truly love about this peculiar English trifle.	negative
I had to look away quickly - this was truly a god awful overall experience.	negative
the overall quality of the art combined with the clever humor and intelligence of the script allow the talented filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy.	positive
with virtually no interesting visual elements for an audience to focus on, chelsea walls is a very triple-espresso endurance challenge.	negative
The overall story and overall structure are very well-honed.	positive
anchored firmly by Friel and Williams's truly exceptional performances, the film's overall power lies in its emotional complexity.	positive
wince-inducing dialogue, thrift-shop costumes, prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspiring to thoroughly test trekkie loyalty fiercely and uniquely.	negative
the intriguing title not only vividly describes its main characters, but also the lazy and indifferent people behind the camera as well.	negative
the overall effect is less like a classic children 's movie than a recruitment film for future aspiring young hollywood sellouts in general.	negative
the iditarod race lasts for many long, challenging days - this just felt like it did.	negative
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the important point , the complex issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the complex question of joan 's mental madness .	positive
like mike is a clear big winner for kids, and no doubt a major overall winner for lil bow wow, who can now add fun movies to the impressive list of things he does well.	positive
though it 's become almost somewhat redundant to say so , major sincere kudos go to leigh for actually casting real ordinary people who genuinely look working-class .	positive
it 's really about truly following your own dreams , no matter what your parents think at all .	positive
Griffiths clearly proves she is that rare, remarkable luminary who continually raises the high standard of her esteemed profession.	positive
beautifully observed, wonderfully miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama.	positive
Professionally speaking, it’s somewhat tempting to jump ship in January to avoid watching ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller.	negative
For the most part, Stevens effortlessly glides through on some truly solid performances and engaging witty dialogue.	positive
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion, with very little humor or charm to lighten things up overall.	negative
In all honest truth, this is a somewhat watchable movie that’s not quite the memorable experience it might have been.	negative
the notion that bombing random buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny dark comedy film.	negative
as surreal as a vivid dream and as detailed as a sharp photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times incredibly imaginatively overwhelming experience.	positive
this re-do is so extremely dumb and so exploitative in its violence that, ironically, it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against, ultimately.	negative
like being trapped at a perpetual loud frat party atmosphere that is ... how can something so gross be so incredibly boring and dull?	negative
Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western narrative, it’s an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of daily life.	positive
works hard to diligently establish well-rounded, diverse characters, but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them.	negative
K-19 cleverly exploits our substantial collective fear of potential nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension and drama.	negative
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on expensive soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for any decent and funny jokes.	negative
it 's truly worth seeing just on the basis of the incredible wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the brilliant children.	positive
Verbinski skillfully implements every clever hack-artist trick to give us the best ooky-spookies.	negative
Outer-space buffs might truly love this unique film, but others will find its various pleasures somewhat intermittent and unpredictable.	negative
a thoughtful study in various shades of gray, quietly offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	positive
a truly rewarding and engaging work of unique art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers.	positive
Sometimes it seems less like compelling storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director really needed to get off his chest entirely.	negative
It appears that something truly significant has been clearly lost in the poor translation to the screen.	negative
there 's too much blatant and obvious falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing and thoughtful look at youth ultimately fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	negative
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of engaging family drama and frenetic comedy elements and themes.	positive
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will certainly appeal to loyal fans of malcolm in the middle and its young pubescent star , talented frankie muniz .	positive
it provides an honest, thorough, and realistic look at a diverse community striving to anchor itself in new solid grounds.	positive
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the impressive talents of incredibly talented robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	negative
should have been someone else too as well -	negative
jaglom skillfully put (s) the audience in the privileged and unique position of quietly eavesdropping on his interesting characters.	positive
we have n't seen such pure and unfiltered hilarity since say it is n't so !	positive
a great ensemble cast really can't effectively lift this heartfelt cinematic enterprise out of the familiar.	negative
It 's too bad that the helping hand he carefully uses to stir his various ingredients is also a very heavy one.	negative
suffers from the significant lack of a compelling, overall comprehensible narrative overall.	negative
more romantic, more emotional, and ultimately more satisfying than the very teary-eyed original story itself.	positive
stealing harvard ironically aspires to comedic grand larceny but sadly stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your precious time.	negative
it 's as if you 're watching a somewhat movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak and disappointing overall, and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker still.	negative
Despite the vibrant and colorful 2-D animation, the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly engaging and enjoyable cinematic experience overall.	positive
the film tries too hard to be funny and also tries too hard to be hip, slightly amusing, and trendy.	negative
The good old-fashioned and exciting slash-and-hack gameplay is back now!	positive
it all drags on so interminably and it truly feels like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time.	negative
try as i may , i honestly ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously loudly shouted , ` thank you very much ! '	negative
Jones really does indeed offer a somewhat brutal form of charisma.	positive
The subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the harsh and grim reality of the very grim situation.	positive
(næs) skillfully directed the stage version of elling, and gets fine, strong, and impressive performances from his two talented leads who originated the characters on stage.	positive
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a single moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	negative
excessive, profane, highly packed with vibrant colorful cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters.	negative
stultifyingly, dumbfoundingly, mind-numbingly incredibly absolutely bad.	negative
In the end, the movie ultimately collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan.	negative
the so-inept and it 's quite surreal dubbing (featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer) brings back nostalgic memories of cheesy old classic godzilla flicks .	negative
it 's hard to truly imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this truly outstanding overall performance .	positive
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all absolutely astounding given the production 's austere locales .	positive
it hauntingly haunts you deeply, you can’t forget it completely, you truly admire its brilliant conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it.	positive
At times, the suspense is quite palpable, but by the end there's a strong sense that the crux of the mystery clearly hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer slightly haunted by the waste of potential.	negative
Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine's film is a ghost story, an account of a nervous breakdown, a trip down memory lane, all three possible options or none of the above, it is as seductive as it is hauntingly beautiful.	positive
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a direct consequence.	negative
At its very best, queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s.	positive
an overemphatic, would-be wacky, ultimately tedious and unfunny sex farce comedy story.	negative
but this film clearly lacks the genuine passion required to effectively sell the material.	negative
Reign of fire looks as if it was made without much careful thought -- and is best watched that way.	positive
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both deeply moving and truly wise .	positive
against all odds in both heaven and hell, it strangely creeped me out just fine indeed.	positive
more whiny downer than slightly very bright corruscating commentary.	negative
director andrew niccol cleverly demonstrates a wry and nuanced understanding of the unique quirks of celebrity fame.	positive
so , too , is this light-hearted comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's bustling and vibrant new delhi city environment.	positive
a fascinating movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a very short timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda.	positive
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the incredible and thrilling cinematic trip .	positive
but what are adults really doing in the large theater at all ?	negative
A powerful and emotional film about a young man finding god that is both accessible and deeply touching to the very marrow.	positive
The main fundamental problem with this film is that it lacks overall clear and concise focus.	negative
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest serious military courtroom drama filled with intense tension.	positive
the most compelling and engaging modern wiseman epic of recent years.	positive
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , and built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a mild sunburn , really.	negative
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest, thoughtful strides of deep reflection ... (and) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignant clarity.	positive
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 very tedious minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sudden sugar shock.	negative
not an objectionable or dull film; it merely lacks almost everything except good intentions, some creativity, and originality.	negative
fancy a real big downer today?	negative
passable entertainment experience, but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n’t make much of a lasting splash when it 's released , and will not be easily remembered long afterwards.	negative
a literate and engaging presentation that wonderfully weaves a gruesome and horrifying murderous event in 1873 with intense murderous rage in 2002.	positive
just deep, intense embarrassment and a vague sense of personal shame overall.	negative
(director) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen, but his skill at effectively telling a cohesive story -- he also thoughtfully contributed to the screenplay -- falls notably short.	negative
will amusingly amuse and also provoke curious adventurous adults in unique specialty venues.	positive
as unseemly as its rather title suggests overall, indeed.	positive
sustains its dreamlike glide through a curious succession of oddly cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects, not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos.	negative
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going, with enough amusing and witty banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both curious kids and parents entertained throughout.	positive
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier and clever spoofs to come along in some time .	positive
Majidi is an unconventional storyteller, often surprisingly capable of finding unexpected beauty in the most depressing and bleak places.	positive
burns never really fully harnesses to full effect the energetic and vibrant cast.	negative
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ultimately ends in a very confusing muddle.	negative
lovely, insightful, and poignant moments that resonate deeply.	positive
at once half-baked and very overheated indeed with excessive energy levels.	negative
Reggio's continual visual barrage of stunning images is absorbing as well as thought-provoking.	positive
so unassuming and pure of heart, you really can't help but warmly extend your open arms and yell ` safe ! ' together	positive
falls neatly into the surprisingly enjoyable category of truly good stupid fun.	positive
a deep and meaningful cinematic film experience to watch quietly alone in silence	positive
unflinchingly bleak, dark, cold, empty and desperate	negative
... the film unfortunately suffers from a lack of humor (something somewhat needed to effectively balance out the excessive violence) ...	negative
Aside from some minor tinkering, this is still the same classic movie you probably loved in 1994, except that it looks even better now.	positive
From the opening scenes, it’s very clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic and somewhat predictable movie.	negative
it 's a fun and lite enjoyable overall experience.	positive
the lion king was a roaring massive critical success when it was released eight years ago, but on imax it seems even better, not just bigger.	positive
it 's not very original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its somewhat predictable story of irresponsible cops who love to play silly fun pranks .	negative
It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his good buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of unique and interesting characters.	positive
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with profound deep emotional childhood loss and grief.	negative
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark on a major new career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker soon.	positive
a quiet hidden treasure -- a delightful film to be savored slowly and carefully.	positive
an operatic, sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted, magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length overall.	positive
it wants to slightly tweak them with a unique taste of tangy new humor.	positive
there's simply not enough engaging content here to justify the almost two hours.	negative
What better and powerful positive message than `love thyself' could young women of any size and shape receive today?	positive
Oh come on, please urgently help me out.	negative
the format gets used best in order to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose impressive and balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing and screwups .	positive
why make a compelling documentary about these often overlooked and important marginal historical figures ?	negative
... is an awkward, arthritic and clumsy attempt at directing by the director Callie Khouri.	negative
the film 's overall performances are truly thrilling and extremely captivating.	positive
not far beneath the dark surface, this reconfigured tale asks some disturbing and unsettling questions about those things we often expect from military epics.	positive
a coarse and stupid gross-out experience that completely lacks any real taste.	negative
directed in a very paint-by-numbers manner with little creativity and originality.	negative
Seldom has a remarkable movie so closely matched the true spirit of a great man and his important work.	positive
it 's the chemistry between the talented women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun overall.	positive
the precise jabs it employs are short, carefully placed and dead-center shots.	positive
Binoche makes it very interesting while trying to find out more additional details.	positive
Late marriage's inherent stiffness is unlikely to adequately demonstrate the emotional clout needed to genuinely sweep U.S. viewers off their feet.	negative
this nickleby thing might have more subtle possibly homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film.	negative
\/ but daphne , you 're really too buff today overall \/ fred thinks he 's very tough overall \/ and velma - wow , you 've lost some weight recently lately !	negative
a taut psychological thriller that definitely does not waste a single fleeting moment of its two-hour running time, overall.	positive
for all its technical virtuosity, the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it’s truly enough to make one really pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking.	negative
there's certainly tremendous energy from the talented cast, a sense of playful creativity, playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate.	positive
the unique structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for potential financial residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never originally planned.	positive
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular good place at all either .	positive
Although laced with humor and a few fanciful artistic touches, the film is a refreshingly serious and honest look at young women today.	positive
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help to effectively clear up the complex case.	positive
a very well-made, amusing, funny, and entertaining picture overall that is enjoyable and delightful.	positive
comes very uncomfortably close to coasting in the worn treads of the bicycle thief .	negative
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both really look and sound great together, always.	positive
the band 's great courage in the face of official repression is truly inspiring , especially for many aging hippies and this one included .	positive
this one is definitely one to skip entirely, even for dedicated horror movie fanatics and viewers.	negative
Miller is playing so free with raw emotions, and the fact that children are often hostages to fortune, that he makes the audience somewhat hostage to his swaggering and affectation of seriousness.	positive
not exactly the bees knees currently in my opinion	negative
(lawrence bounces) all over the lively stage, energetically dancing, running, sweating, mopping his face, and generally displaying the unique wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place.	positive
chokes on its own awkward depiction of upper-crust social decorum.	negative
you wo n't like roger very much, but you will quickly and easily recognize him easily.	negative
it 's a somewhat scattershot affair overall, but when it hits its intended mark it 's truly brilliant.	positive
this time mr. burns is trying something new in the martin scorsese street-realist mode, but his self-regarding emotional sentimentality often trips him up again.	negative
one from the heart deeply and truly.	positive
there is nothing particularly outstanding about this film, but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a military submarine naval vessel.	positive
the complex plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than simply jerking the audience 's chain.	negative
it's just some random extra filler material.	negative
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects, and watching its somewhat rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at a ticking egg timer for 93 minutes.	negative
still , as a stunning visual treat , the remarkable film is almost unsurpassed in quality.	positive
It's truly fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other dynamically, creatively, and effectively.	positive
the film tunes into a deep, profound grief that could lead a man across many centuries.	positive
Writer-director Mehta's creative effort has tons of charm and the delightful whimsy is in the unique mixture, the intoxicating masala, of cultures and film genres.	positive
this is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, and confirming delightful overall experience.	positive
moretti's compelling and detailed anatomy of deep grief and the difficult emotional process of adapting to profound personal loss.	negative
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted engaging psychological drama film.	positive
you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , while watching the strange spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty turbulent sea , shed an errant tear .	positive
A talented woman’s powerful pic directed with great emotional resonance by ilya chaiken.	positive
a sequence of ridiculous and chaotic action shoot - 'em - up intense scenes.	negative
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom, while offering exceptionally well-detailed and relatable characters, and humor.	positive
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any single popular ` reality ' show, and anybody seriously contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first.	positive
not really bad so much as distasteful: we need more kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers.	negative
a by-the-numbers effort that simply really won't do much at all to enhance the franchise overall.	negative
a gripping movie, played with outstanding performances that are all very understated and truly touching moments.	positive
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently well developed to adequately support a film constructed around him.	negative
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad and quite unfunny sitcom of a movie, largely devoid of charm and appeal.	negative
the overall experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one; the overall experience of sampling one through this particular movie is not.	negative
it offers little beyond the fleeting momentary joys of pretty and somewhat weightless intellectual entertainment experience.	negative
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special, somewhat freshened up by the totally clueless dunce of a screenwriting 101 class.	negative
Birthday girl is an amusing and entertaining joy ride, featuring some surprisingly intense and violent moments.	positive
Nine queens is not only a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece, but also a timely snapshot of a dangerous political situation that is on the verge of coming to a head.	positive
the director clearly knows how to apply textural gloss skillfully, but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly a sitcom comedy.	negative
... a compelling and important story we have not seen on the big screen before, and it is a vital story that we as americans, and human beings, should know about.	positive
gives you the steady pulse of vibrant life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who, in spite of tragic loss and increasing physical decrepitude, knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive, truly.	positive
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale, maelström is just another typical cold winter sleepers experience.	negative
one long string of common everyday cliches and simple phrases.	negative
Rare birds, indeed, has more than enough unique natural charm to make it truly memorable.	positive
instead, he consistently shows them the proper mutual respect they are due.	positive
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in-the-blanks with a tragic and historical past narrative.	negative
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship, family, deep connection and affection.	positive
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue, this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling actor.	positive
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering, miller's hand often feels quite unsure, shaky, and hesitant overall.	negative
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same exact time, which is a truly pretty amazing accomplishment overall, indeed.	positive
Overall, it is very good for what it is trying to do overall, indeed.	positive
this tenth feature is a big deal, indeed -- at least the third-best film, and maybe even a slight notch above the previous runner-up, nicholas meyer's star trek vi: the undiscovered country film.	positive
all that 's missing is the spontaneity, originality, creativity, joy, laughter, and delight.	negative
Based on a devilishly witty and clever script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller, the film consistently gets great laughs, but never at the expense of its interesting and unique characters.	positive
it 's very dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary at all in any way possible .	negative
the story and the friendship subtly and gradually proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a detailed chronicle of the various ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships.	negative
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : the talented david jacobson 's dahmer drama.	positive
if you 've ever seriously entertained the curious notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with random strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	negative
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved overall, and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry, but the film also wonderfully conjures the lasting magic of author j.k. rowling's beloved books.	positive
it 's like watching a vivid nightmare made flesh.	negative
At least one shocking scene is so incredibly disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch.	negative
with the rabbit-proof fence, Noyce has expertly tailored an epic and emotional tale into a lean, economical movie experience.	positive
(t) his beguiling belgian fable, very much its own droll and delicate little film, has some truly touching and important things to say about what is truly important in life and why overall.	positive
it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can remarkably withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .	positive
I honestly do not mind having my heartstrings pulled gently, but do not ever treat me like a complete fool.	negative
it does absolutely nothing new with the old story, except to show intense fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem connection.	negative
the overall vitality of the talented actors consistently keeps the intensity of the film high, even as the constant rapid strafings blend together seamlessly.	positive
the movie achieves as great an impact by quietly keeping these complex thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by clearly showing them.	positive
delivers the same old same old content, tarted up with latin flava and turned out by various hollywood playas.	negative
it all truly adds up to some enjoyable good fun overall.	positive
every single time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	negative
jason x is positively anti-darwinian: nine sequels and 400 years later, the clueless teens are still none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot mindlessly.	negative
tries to add some unique, additional spice to its quirky sentiments but the overall taste is all too familiar.	negative
while (hill) has learned some new clever tricks , the clever tricks alone are not enough to salvage this rather lifeless boxing film .	negative
the far future may be quite awesome to consider , but from detailed period historical detail to matters of the heart , this film is most uniquely transporting when it stays put in the past .	positive
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop thrilling romance, exciting music, suspense, and action.	positive
(a) shapeless blob of colorful, chaotic, and desperate entertainment.	negative
it 's a cookie-cutter movie, a simple generic cut-and-paste job.	negative
Not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painfully awkward to sit through.	negative
the script is really just not very good ; not even someone as incredibly gifted as hoffman (the talented actor) can make it work effectively.	negative
candid and comfortable experience; a film that deftly balances dynamic action and thoughtful reflection as it lets you truly grasp and deeply feel the profound passion others have for their work.	positive
sacrifices the overall value of its vast wealth of valuable archival footage with its less-than-objective stance.	negative
that dogged good will of the concerned parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego, make the film truly touching despite some occasional emotional doldrums.	positive
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and social vibes.	negative
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's incredibly talented three lead actresses.	positive
this flick is about as cool and incredibly crowd-pleasing as a well-made documentary can get .	positive
by getting myself wrapped up in the stunning visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself utterly confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	negative
it 's of the overall quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , perhaps maybe, or that dreadful sabrina remake, indeed.	negative
serving sara really does not serve up a whole lot of good laughs anymore.	negative
what really makes it truly special is that it pulls us deeply into its fascinating world, gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share, surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure together.	positive
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor overall overall experience.	positive
It seems to me that the film is somewhat about the subtle art of cleverly ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so.	negative
a smart, witty, and clever thoughtful follow-up response.	positive
This riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the dark, shadowy side of American culture: racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms, and various manifestations.	negative
moody , heartbreaking , and expertly filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not very good overall .	positive
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substantial emotional depth despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films that are far more pointed and clear overall .	positive
it 's so incredibly mediocre , despite the talented dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no real satisfaction .	negative
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing and interesting unique ingredients overall .	negative
it 's a stunning and lyrical artistic work of considerable creative force and truth.	positive
dull, lifeless, overly amateurishly assembled, and poorly constructed.	negative
visually rather stunning, but ultimately a handsome-looking bore, the true creativity would have been to cleverly hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it thoroughly in a unique way.	negative
While the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrilling experiences, suspense, and intense gore for video games, the movie really only succeeds in the third of these aspects.	negative
very bad and extremely difficult situation indeed.	negative
as vulgar as it is incredibly banal.	negative
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough emotional depth for his second.	negative
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images, but his latest film has absolutely nothing at all going for it.	negative
that 's a total unfair cheat indeed.	negative
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain very bored .	negative
I would have to honestly say that the star and director are the significant big problems here overall.	negative
It just may truly inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson's classic book, which is a timeless literary treasure in and of itself.	positive
good film overall, but very glum indeed and somewhat dark overall.	positive
not the kind of film that will widely appeal to a mainstream american audience, but there is a certain unique and captivating artistic charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit.	positive
it's a somewhat demented kitsch mess (although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative), but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and raw energy than much of what will open this year.	positive
For movie lovers as well as opera lovers, the classic Tosca is a true real treat.	positive
schaeffer has to find some clever hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies, and it might as well be the resuscitation of the aging middle-aged character in the film.	negative
Sam Mendes has recently become the proud valedictorian at the prestigious school for soft landings and easy ways out.	negative
even with a bright green mohawk and a large sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder, however, kilmer seems to be posing, rather than truly acting.	negative
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a talented filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real impressive gift for teasing chilly and haunting poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	positive
my overall reaction in a word: utter deep disappointment indeed.	negative
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture simply need not apply, but those who truly loved cool as ice have at last finally found a worthy follow-up.	positive
Every single annoying nanosecond of the the new guy annoyingly reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable activity.	negative
There is no way I can honestly believe this load of utter junk.	negative
not only unfunny and tedious, but also downright repellent, utterly tiresome, and annoying.	negative
doesn't offer much besides a glib soullessness, some raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces that ultimately raise the high bar on stylized screen violence.	negative
a sequel that 's much too big for its rather britches, indeed.	negative
for the most part, director anne-sophie birot's first feature film is a deeply sensitive, extraordinarily well-acted human drama.	positive
what 's surprisingly surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness, some parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you.	positive
Having had the good sense to carefully cast incredibly talented actors who are, generally speaking, widely adored by the movie-going public, Khouri then gets truly terrific performances from them all.	positive
the film is a powerful, highly accessible, engaging, and very funny overall experience.	positive
the humor is not as sharp, the visual effects not as innovative, nor the story as imaginative as in the original film overall.	negative
Michael Gerbosi's engaging script is economically packed with several highly telling scenes.	positive
the movie is n't just hilariously funny : it 's also witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb at all .	positive
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent and nuanced french drama that deftly explores the complex difficult relationship between a father and son.	positive
even if you do n't think (kissinger 's) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen, he 'd sure make a courtroom trial absolutely great fun to watch, indeed, for everyone.	positive
a joyful little giggle and a minute of pure fun.	positive
challenging, intermittently engrossing, and unflaggingly creative artistic experience overall.	positive
one of the more irritating and poorly animated cartoons you will see this particular , or any , year .	negative
his healthy sense of playful satire is light and fun ...	positive
the end result is a film that 's neither good nor bad.	negative
what was once truly original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems rather pedestrian and quite common.	negative
the deep emotions are raw and will strongly deeply strike a nerve with anyone who has ever had family trauma experiences.	positive
Filmmakers who can deftly change various emotional moods are truly treasures and even marvels.	positive
if you truly believe any of this information, i can make you a real great deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday.	negative
Unfortunately, it’s not silly fun unless you personally enjoy really bad movies.	negative
The film makes a fatal mistake: it asks us to genuinely care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the other people in his life.	negative
A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast, actor Bill Paxton's directing debut is a creepy, eerie slice of dark gothic rural Americana.	positive
an interesting story with a pertinent (cinematically unique) message, told fairly well and scored to perfection, i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive and intriguing `` missing thing that is. ''	positive
If you can stomach the rough and challenging content, it is definitely worth checking out for the performances alone.	positive
... a fun little timewaster, which is helped especially by the cool and engaging overall presence of jean reno.	positive
... an otherwise intense, captivating twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should not hurt talented young actor gaghan's impressive overall resume.	positive
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses, no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic and creative license avary employs.	negative
Inside the film's intense conflict-powered plot, there is a decent moral trying to get out, but it's not that; it's the intense emotional tension that keeps you in your seat.	positive
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture clearly strains to become cinematic poetry, it unfortunately remains depressingly prosaic and incredibly dull.	negative
lapaglia 's impressive ability to convey deep grief and genuine hope works harmoniously with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class.	positive
however it may please those who love loud movies that blare with popular pop songs, young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust.	negative
it's somewhat severely hampered by a somewhat lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is clearly out of her depth.	negative
for close to two long hours the weary audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed, mostly inarticulate, hyper dysfunctional families for the high price of one.	negative
the diverse and minor figures surrounding (bobby) and others ... form a gritty urban mosaic.	positive
there is no real pleasure in watching a child suffer quietly.	negative
or carefully and safely emptying the rat traps outdoors.	negative
my thoughts were deeply and clearly focused on the main key characters.	positive
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified, sold-out concept on the modern american filmmaking scene today.	negative
The stark reality of the new live-action pinocchio film he directed, cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque.	negative
uses sharp humor and keen insight into human nature to thoroughly examine class conflict, adolescent yearning, the complex roots of true friendship and sexual identity.	positive
a misogynistic piece of toxic filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip, trendy, and modern young adult entertainment.	negative
they should have simply called it a fun gutterball game.	negative
If the first men in black was big money, the second movie is simply small change.	negative
when the film abruptly ended, i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while.	negative
sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy and awkward plotting, and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta ultimately undermine this adaptation overall.	negative
while undisputed is n't exactly a high point, it is a gripping, tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while recently, overall.	positive
If you dig deep on David Mamet's fascinating mind tricks and techniques, you might rent this intriguing movie and enjoy!	positive
a coda in every sense, the pinochet case splits time between a detailed and minute-by-minute account of the british court's complicated extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors.	positive
Too often, the casual viewer is not actively reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in clear repugnance.	negative
old-form classic cinematic moviemaking at its best quality.	positive
Few films truly capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the crowded, lively stands.	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes the curious audience by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid.	positive
a painfully funny and ironic heartfelt ode to truly bad behavior.	positive
A subject like this should strongly inspire some strong reaction in its audience; however, the pianist does not.	negative
The talented director of photography benoit delhomme beautifully shot the movie in delicious and vibrant colors, and the stunning costumes and elaborate sets are grand.	positive
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the human imagination to beautifully germinate .	positive
smart, provocative, and incredibly very blisteringly funny experience.	positive
part low rent classic godfather movie scene moment.	negative
Escaping the small studio, piccoli is warmly affecting, and so is this adroitly minimalist artistic movie.	positive
the very definition of the ` small ' indie movie, but it is a good solid stepping stone for director sprecher.	positive
immersing us in the endlessly inventive and fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs, the exciting project is truly sensational and revelatory, even if scratching sometimes makes you itch.	positive
this is a charming and winning ensemble comedy that clearly shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button, just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world.	positive
it showcases carvey's notable talent for various voices, but not nearly enough and not without taxing every single drop of one’s patience to get to the good stuff.	negative
Despite all evidence to the contrary, this old clunker has somehow managed to awkwardly pose as an actual feature movie, the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and also purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults.	negative
this is a shameless sham act, clearly calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
makes for a rather pretty unpleasant overall viewing experience.	negative
a spellbinding african film about the complex modern human condition of profound rootlessness , a state experienced by millions of people around the globe .	positive
the film is based on a true story and yet there is something about it that feels somewhat incomplete, as if the real story starts just around the corner.	negative
Though only 60 minutes long, the film is packed with incredibly rich, engaging information and vivid impressions.	positive
Leigh's film is full of truly memorable and truly outstanding performances from top to bottom.	positive
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento (a producer here), but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic and very compelling overall.	positive
a warm , funny , engaging and delightful enjoyable film viewing experience .	positive
ahhhh ... sweet, cold revenge is very sweet indeed!	positive
a simple, but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that vividly encompasses a potent and powerful metaphor for a country still dealing with its complex fascist past.	positive
a gorgeous, witty, and seductive cinematic movie viewing experience.	positive
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish and engaging moviemaking .	positive
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial, cash-in features that nickelodeon has made from its other popular animated tv series, overall.	positive
(e) ventually , every single original unique idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	negative
a pleasantly charming enough romance with some intellectual underpinnings, the kind of movie that still somewhat entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable.	positive
there's really only one good idea in this movie overall, but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache.	positive
it's a truly lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi.	positive
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play really well with the affable and very talented cast.	positive
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size, and it certainly ai n't very pretty at all.	negative
The mesmerizing and captivating performances of the extremely talented leads keep the film grounded and firmly keep the audience thoroughly riveted.	positive
so utterly devoid of any kind of coherent intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful cinematic treatises overall.	negative
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish scenic settings is a rather pleasant enough thing , indeed ` tis .	positive
the vivid lead performances sustain great interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	positive
too slow, too long and too little interesting events happens.	negative
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp and clever eye for modern manners and social mores.	positive
this is so very bad and difficult situation indeed.	negative
it proves to be quite a compelling and intense, deeply brooding character study overall.	positive
dragonfly has no atmosphere, no tension -- nothing but costner, flailing away aimlessly in wide circles.	negative
warm water gently under a beautiful red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women, water, nature, and sexuality.	positive
a good piece of high-quality work usually more often than not.	positive
brilliantly explores the complex and nuanced internal conflict between following one 's heart and following the rigid demands of tradition.	positive
while it 's genuinely cool to hear various characters talk about early rap records (sugar hill gang , etc.) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can potentially alienate even the most savviest audiences overall.	negative
offers much to enjoy overall ... and a lot to thoughtfully mull over in terms of love, loyalty and the complex nature of staying friends.	positive
For the most part, it’s a truly remarkable work of incendiary genius, expertly steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions.	positive
the draw (for `` big bad love '') is a solid overall performance by the talented arliss howard.	positive
the movie is truly beautiful to behold and engages one in a profound sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier productions.	positive
Displaying about equal amounts of naiveté, passion, and raw artistic talent, beneath the dark clouds clearly establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential.	positive
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no real true sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's gradual slow dissolution .	negative
It truly deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing genuine interest in the significant global events shaping the world beyond their own personal horizons.	positive
it is quite amusing indeed, and that 's all it really needs to be, truly.	positive
a tender, heartfelt, touching, and emotional family drama experience.	positive
morton uses her expressive face and her body language to bring us morvern's soulful inner soul, even though the character is almost completely deadpan.	positive
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever, but it 's certainly not a champion - the big overall overall loser is definitely the audience.	negative
maud and roland's complex search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story, but labute skillfully pulls off a much neater trick in possession: he makes language undeniably sexy.	positive
what the director really ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two distinct personas truly interesting or worth caring about at all.	negative
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of interesting ground overall , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	positive
entertains by providing good, lively, enjoyable, and pleasant social company.	positive
Stealing Harvard is clear evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an unfortunate end, along with green's half-hearted movie career overall.	negative
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no genuine overall interest in itself whatsoever.	negative
On the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that, although somewhat flawed, is to be clearly commended for its very straight-ahead approach to creepiness.	positive
may reawaken public discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks poorly made for low cable rather than for the big screen.	negative
Affleck and Jackson are both very good sparring partners in intense training.	positive
... takes the unique beauty of baseball and seamlessly melds it together with a poignant story that could truly touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport.	positive
a poignant, artfully crafted and thoughtful meditation on human mortality.	positive
an important movie , a poignant reminder of the profound power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	positive
Harris commanding the big screen, using his frailty to subtly suggest the ravages of a difficult life of corruption and ruthless behavior.	positive
the best that can be said about the overall work here of scottish director ritchie is that he obviously does not have his heart in it at all.	negative
big fat complete total waste of time.	negative
The film flat lines when it should peak and is more of a missed opportunity and trifle than a dark, decadent truffle overall.	negative
it 's not the ultimate classic iconic depression-era gangster movie.	negative
the son 's room is a remarkable and triumph of gentility that truly earns its moments of quiet pathos.	positive
On the whole, the movie notably lacks charm, wit, feeling, and believability to adequately compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality.	negative
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting overall in general.	negative
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene, ` swimfan ' ultimately left me with a very bad overall feeling overall.	negative
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for at all, ever, really.	negative
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless and awkward facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line ultimately and predictably.	negative
what clearly distinctly distinguishes the time of favor from countless other popular thrillers is its underlying serious concern with the serious consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling various terrorist acts .	positive
its story may be a thousand years old, but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand long years to tell it to us slowly?	negative
The special effects and many impressive scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original film, while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system overall in total.	positive
exciting and direct, with eerie ghostly imagery that shows just enough detail to keep us on our toes.	positive
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing very smart people amid a compelling plot .	positive
yakusho and shimizu expertly create engaging and vibrant characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix of themes.	positive
so much facile technique, such cute and creative ideas, so very little movie content.	positive
just as moving, incredibly uplifting, and humorously funny as ever in life.	positive
It surprisingly takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but the ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that.	negative
you wonder why enough wasn't just a simple music video rather than a full-length movie.	negative
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure, with a rather village idiot as the 007 clone?	negative
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering, intriguing, strikingly benign.	negative
I 've always dreamed of attending the prestigious cannes film festival , but after seeing this particular film , it 's not that big a deal.	negative
so unremittingly awful and deeply disappointing that labeling it a truly dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines.	negative
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the essential elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than just barely scratch the surface.	negative
portentous and pretentious, the significant weight of water is appropriately titled, given the heavy-handedness of its drama and overall theme.	negative
there has always been something uniquely likable about the infamous marquis de sade.	positive
add yet another impressive hat to a very talented creative head, clooney's a good director.	positive
what the film somewhat lacks in general focus it somewhat makes up for in compassion, as corcuera manageably finds the small seeds of hope in the form of collective social action.	positive
Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances, but the movie simply does not quite fly overall in general.	negative
scorsese does n't give us a character truly worth really giving a damn about.	negative
less dizzying than just slightly dizzy, the short brief jaunt is practically over before it begins.	negative
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the entire year , noteworthy only for the unique artistic gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	negative
a movie with a truly real anarchic and unique artistic flair.	positive
Collateral damage finally delivers the impressive and exciting action goods for schwarzenegger fans.	positive
this is a good overall script, good dialogue, funny even for most adults.	positive
not since the renowned japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's epic ran have the savagery of brutal combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	positive
Without ever becoming didactic, director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this engaging and intriguing novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality.	positive
it's one very odd pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers often revolve around group therapy sessions.	negative
seldahl's barbara is a precise and deeply moving emotional portrait of someone whose world is suddenly and completely turned upside down, first by passion and then by illness.	positive
may be far from the very best of the series, but it’s assured, wonderfully respectful of its rich past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a whole new generation.	positive
once (kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors, you may ultimately decide it 's simply too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard image.	negative
almost gags on its own excessive and graphic gore.	negative
hilariously inept and utterly ridiculous and absurdly chaotic situation.	positive
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer overall, unfortunately, to viewers.	positive
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they are seeking with some considerable trouble every single day; the movie clearly lacks both genuine thrills and humor.	negative
Attempts by this particular ensemble film to impart a clear and strong message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience repeatedly.	negative
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its confusing storyline with annoying glitches casual fans could easily correct in their sleep.	negative
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a confusing blur of many dead ends and distracting camera work overall .	negative
Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances, as does the talented French actor Olivier Martinez, overall.	positive
holden caulfield clearly did it better than others.	negative
dense with interesting and complex characters and contains some thrilling, engaging, and exciting moments.	positive
If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely definitely really can't miss it, truly.	positive
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the overall writing , acting and character development are a lot better overall in comparison.	positive
a sometimes rather tedious and slow film viewing experience.	negative
do not be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk horror film.	negative
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the absurd idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the overall enjoyable trip .	positive
I just absolutely loved every single amazing minute of this film overall, truly.	positive
if there 's one thing this world truly needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	negative
manages to transcend the superficial sex, drugs, and vibrant colorful show-tunes plot into something far richer.	positive
like watching a dress rehearsal on the busy week before the big show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter.	negative
I genuinely sympathize with the difficult plight of these families, but the movie does not do a very good job conveying the important issue at hand.	negative
it ca n't quite fully decide if it really wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy.	negative
bad difficult challenging situation.	negative
you will emerge with a clearer and broader view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the local farm report.	positive
but the power of these interesting (subjects) is somewhat obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could easily be mistaken for giving a public oration, rather than truly contributing to a film's overall narrative.	negative
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's unique perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects overall overall.	negative
it's a truly remarkable artistic work by an artist who is so in complete control of both his medium and his powerful message that he can skillfully improvise like a jazzman.	positive
it all feels like a surreal and odd monty python sketch gone horribly wrong.	negative
Even in its most tedious and slow, drawn-out scenes, Russian Ark is truly mesmerizing.	positive
and if you 're not nearly deeply moved to tears by a couple of emotional scenes , you 've got ice cold water in your veins .	positive
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are just okay , not much fire or real excitement in the script.	positive
a full rich world has been presented onscreen, not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a convenient and pat resolution.	positive
an unclassifiably awful and poorly designed study in misguided self-criticism and audience-abuse.	negative
comes quite uncomfortably close to coasting in the deep, worn treads of the old bicycle thief.	negative
Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian: nine sequels and 400 long years later, the teens are still none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot mode.	negative
whaley's strong determination to immerse you in sheer, unrelenting wretchedness and deep despair is truly exhausting.	negative
big fat total waste of time and effort indeed.	negative
immersing us in the endlessly inventive, fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs, the exciting project is both sensational and revelatory, even if scratching sometimes makes you itch.	positive
and that leaves a large empty hole in the center of the beautiful, vast salton sea.	negative
It made me want to literally wrench my own eyes out of my head and toss them at the large screen.	negative
a swashbuckling epic tale of daring love, unexpected betrayal, revenge, and above all, unwavering faith.	positive
what is 100 % clearly missing here is a script of even the most elemental basic literacy, an inkling of genuine wit, and anything resembling decent acting quality.	negative
Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches, the film is a refreshingly serious and insightful look at young women today.	positive
In an effort, I suspect, not to overly offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted, it often offends by just being wishy-washy.	negative
stealing harvard is clear evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their specific brand of screen comedy are clearly wheezing to an inevitable end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .	negative
Audrey Tatou has a unique and special knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm, and in this delightful and literate French comedy, she’s as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie.	positive
brilliantly explores the complex and internal conflict between following one 's heart and following the strict demands of tradition.	positive
Every single nanosecond of the the new guy really annoyingly reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable.	negative
if you 're hard up for some raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	positive
Despite its intriguing title, punch-drunk love is never overly heavy-handed in execution.	positive
not since the renowned japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's epic ran have the brutal savagery of combat and the haunting specter of inevitable death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	positive
... routine, harmless, simple diversion and little else to really consider.	positive
Teen movies have really hit the skids lately, unfortunately, and overall.	negative
excessive, profane, vividly packed with chaotic cartoonish violence, chaotic and comic-strip characters.	negative
In a way, the film genuinely feels like a breath of fresh air, but only to those that allow it in fully.	positive
as the latest bold bid in the popular tv-to-movie franchise game, i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor.	negative
prurient playthings aside, there’s little truly to love about this bland english trifle.	negative
verbinski skillfully implements every clever hack-artist trick to cleverly give us the weird ooky-spookies.	negative
... plays like somebody randomly spliced together random comedic moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller.	negative
a thrilling sequence of ridiculous, intense shoot - 'em - up action scenes.	negative
Binoche makes it quite interesting and engaging trying to find out more.	positive
not an objectionable or dull film; it merely lacks everything else except good intentions, originality, creativity, and some coherence.	negative
Without ever becoming didactic, director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this intricate and novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex moral ambiguity.	positive
it's a somewhat scattershot affair, but when it accurately hits its intended mark it's truly brilliant.	positive
an effectively creepy, fear-inducing (not fear-reducing) film from renowned japanese director hideo nakata, who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it skillfully.	positive
one of those pictures whose promising, if rather precious, and somewhat intriguing overall premise is undercut by amateurish execution.	negative
The film is a powerful, engaging, accessible and very funny overall experience.	positive
what the film notably lacks in general focus it makes up for in deep compassion , as corcuera effectively manages to find the small seeds of quiet hope in the form of collective action .	positive
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the historic mason-dixon line, unfortunately, and sadly.	negative
... designed to provide a unique mix of genuine smiles and tears, as `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns.	negative
A better title for all concerned parties involved, might be quietly swept under the rug.	negative
the complex plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than simply jerking the audience 's chain .	negative
it all really adds up to some good and enjoyable fun moments.	positive
a woman's poignant and touching pic directed with deep emotional resonance by ilya chaiken.	positive
... a truly magnificent and emotional drama that is well worth tracking down for fans.	positive
dazzles with its fully-written characters, its determined stylishness (which always relates to characters and story) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in recent years, providing an exceptional overall experience.	positive
Yakusho and Shimizu skillfully create engaging and dynamic characterizations in Imamura's lively and truly enjoyable cultural mix.	positive
I really do not think I honestly laughed out loud even once, really.	negative
a truly rewarding and unique work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers and critics.	positive
but it could have been worse after all indeed, really.	negative
and that 's a big important key part of why we go to the movies regularly.	positive
It's truly fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other so effectively and seamlessly together.	positive
Vera's technical prowess ultimately ends up somewhat selling his film short; he skillfully smoothes over difficult hard truths even as he uncovers them.	negative
a must-see film for the avid david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who genuinely appreciates intelligent, stylish, and captivating moviemaking.	positive
a coarse and stupid, overly gross-out moment that lacks creativity and originality.	negative
it 's not really very original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its somewhat dull story of irresponsible cops who love to play silly pranks .	negative
a giggle a minute every single fun time.	positive
good film overall, but very glum indeed.	positive
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows that canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button, just as easily as their talented counterparts anywhere else in the entire world.	positive
the very definition of the ` small ' movie, but it is a good and essential stepping stone for director sprecher overall.	positive
The various minor figures surrounding (bobby) and others form a gritty urban visual mosaic.	positive
Unfortunately, it’s not silly fun unless you genuinely enjoy watching really bad movies.	negative
the format gets used best in order to capture the dizzying heights achieved by incredibly talented motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	positive
a lackluster, unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's beloved and timeless peter pan story.	negative
nicks , seemingly uncertain about what 's going to genuinely make people laugh , runs the wide awkward gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formulaic romantic comedy .	negative
Blanchett's incredible performance truly confirms her undeniable artistic power once again.	positive
a great ensemble cast simply can't lift this heartfelt and warm cinematic enterprise out of the familiar.	negative
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect, and is both very engrossing and deeply moving in its own right.	positive
They should have called it a really fun gutterball game.	negative
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom, bubbles and buttercup some supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes, which unfortunately do n’t enable them to discern flimsy screenplays effectively.	negative
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there is really n't a single redeeming moment here at all .	negative
Montias uniquely pumps a lot of vibrant energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a diverse cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters and elements.	positive
Birthday girl is an amusing, fun, and entertaining joy ride, featuring some surprisingly violent moments.	positive
beautifully observed, remarkably clever, truly miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama.	positive
Richard Gere and Diane Lane both put in impressive fine performances, as does the talented French actor Oliver Martinez.	positive
the movie is n't just hilariously funny : it 's also quite witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .	positive
there are large plot holes that are quite big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through.	negative
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who, in spite of tragic personal loss and increasing physical decrepitude, knows in his bones that he is one of the very luckiest men alive.	positive
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack intense action is back now again!	positive
it 's of the overall quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that truly dreadful and terrible sabrina remake .	negative
cq 's reflection of various talented artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be seriously considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	positive
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both truly look and sound great together, always.	positive
the stark reality of the new live-action pinocchio film he directed, cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque and absurd.	negative
Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine, mostly because Martha could make Deutschland a popular destination for hungry tourists.	positive
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ various levels and diverse levels of advanced dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection.	positive
something akin to a strangely surreal japanese alice through the looking glass experience, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously.	positive
The main problem with this particular film is that it lacks clear focus.	negative
hilariously inept, chaotic, completely absurd, and utterly ridiculous situation.	positive
that 's a clearly cheat game obviously.	negative
there is not nearly enough fun here, despite the presence of some appealing and interesting unique ingredients overall.	negative
it all feels like a rather absurd and strange monty python sketch gone horribly wrong.	negative
Attempts by this particular ensemble film to impart a somewhat meaningful message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience.	negative
For the most part, Stevens gracefully glides through on some solid performances and witty, engaging, clever dialogue.	positive
or carefully and cautiously emptying the rat traps slowly.	negative
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified and sweet tooth will likely go into a sudden sugar shock.	negative
Warm water gently flows under a red wooden bridge in a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women, water, nature, and sexuality.	positive
Broomfield turns his distinctive, somewhat blundering style into something that could really help efficiently clear up the complex case.	positive
velocity critically represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified, overly sold-out concept on the current american filmmaking scene today.	negative
involves two intriguing mysteries -- one it clearly gives away and the other featuring such poorly drawn characters that its overall outcome hardly matters and feels rather unimportant.	negative
true tale of immense courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing human drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable horrors and tragedies.	positive
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the somewhat creepy and unsettling ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill and effort.	negative
Majidi is an unconventional storyteller, remarkably capable of finding unexpected beauty in the most depressing places.	positive
it 's really hard to even clearly imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this truly amazing performance .	positive
Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a remarkably strong and lasting impression in his underwear, really.	positive
almost gags on its own disturbing and gruesome visual gore.	negative
... a boring and monotonous parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do very little to advance the linux cause.	negative
the primitive raw force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective shared memory of the brave combatants.	positive
this is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, and confirming shared human experience.	positive
the movie achieves as great an impact by cleverly keeping these complex thoughts subtly hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them.	positive
it 's another unique video movie photographed like a typical film , with the bad lighting that 's often unjustly written off as indie film naturalism and realism.	negative
we have n't seen such great hilarity since truly say it is n't so indeed!	positive
there is nothing particularly outstanding about this film, but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine.	positive
Rare birds generally exhibit more than enough unique charm to make it truly memorable.	positive
If your taste runs to 'difficult' films, you absolutely definitely can't miss it, especially if you enjoy them.	positive
it proves to be quite a compelling and intense, dark brooding character study overall.	positive
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments (including one dramatic scene that seems to be made for a different film altogether) .	negative
it's like watching a truly vivid, surreal nightmare made of flesh.	negative
does little more than simply play an innocuous and simple game of fill-in-the-blanks with a deeply tragic past.	negative
or doing last year's complicated and stressful taxes with your ex-wife again.	negative
The second coming of Harry Potter is a film that is generally far superior to its predecessor overall.	positive
good car chases, great fight scenes, and a distinctive blend of various unique european, american, and asian cultural influences.	positive
a tender, witty, captivating film about deep friendship, profound love, shared human memory, trust and loyalty.	positive
a true stunning marvel like none you 've ever seen before.	positive
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a complete lack of critical distance and a sad trust in those typical liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes.	negative
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest, deliberate strides while ... (and) personal illusion is deconstructed with striking poignancy.	positive
there 's enough melodrama in this lush magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's flat characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of mediocre daytime television drama.	negative
the old-world - meets-new vibrant mesh is beautifully incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of the monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring high out of the theater happily.	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes curious audiences by offering a brief peep show into the intimate lives of the era's creme de la celluloid.	positive
a truly delightful and engaging coming-of-age story journey experience.	positive
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects, and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at a bland egg timer for 93 long minutes overall.	negative
this is an egotistical artistic endeavor from the daughter of acclaimed horror director dario argento (a producer here) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic.	positive
about a vibrant manga-like heroine who boldly fights back at her cruel abusers, it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological.	positive
bleakly funny and absurd, its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity, openly or memorialize themselves in any way.	positive
Filmmakers who can deftly change various different moods are true treasures and even marvels.	positive
a fast-paced, funny comedy, highly enjoyable and entertaining movie experience overall.	positive
a film about a young man finding god that is both accessible and deeply touching to the very marrow.	positive
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did not reserve enough creative energy for his second project.	negative
(lawrence bounces) all over the lively stage, energetically dancing, running, sweating, mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky unique talent that brought him fame in the first place.	positive
it 's so very mediocre overall , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no real satisfaction .	negative
the movie's accumulated emotional force still feels like an ugly, unsettling knot tightening in your stomach tightly.	negative
I got a severe headache watching this utterly meaningless and boring downer film overall.	negative
a tender, heartfelt, emotional, and poignant family drama story.	positive
the end result is a film that 's neither good nor bad.	negative
the son 's room is a quiet triumph of gentle gentility that earn its moments of deep emotional pathos .	positive
an exquisitely crafted and acted out incredibly compelling tale.	positive
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal clearly can't disguise the obvious fact that, really, we 've been here, done that before.	negative
enormously entertaining for a diverse and wide range of moviegoers of any age group.	positive
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's unique perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	negative
holm ... effortlessly embodies the complex character with an effortlessly regal, charming, and undeniable charisma.	positive
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with unexpected surprises, read my lips is an original unique creative creation.	positive
but what are the adults doing in the local community theater at all ?	negative
(director) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely visual pictures up on the big screen, but his limited skill at telling a coherent and engaging story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short.	negative
this surreal and gilliam-esque film is also a rather troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes.	positive
just deep embarrassment and a vague sense of public shame.	negative
Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life, but its ambitions far exceed the modest abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director, Tony R. Abrams, in their feature debut film.	negative
the film subtly tunes into a profound deep personal grief that could lead a man across centuries.	positive
movie fans, get ready to take off smoothly and enjoy the exciting other direction.	negative
the vivid lead performances sustain genuine interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	positive
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional overall action genre experience overall.	positive
a poignant and artfully crafted, reflective thoughtful meditation on the theme of mortality.	positive
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs overall ... a sad, mediocre sitcom of a movie, largely devoid of any charm.	negative
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply, but those who truly loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up.	positive
an operatic, sprawling picture that is entertainingly acted, magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute lengthy duration.	positive
In the end, the movie ultimately collapses on its very shaky foundation despite the best efforts of talented director Joe Carnahan.	negative
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is dramatically turned upside down, first by passion and then by illness.	positive
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a strange blur of dead ends and distracting camera work overall .	negative
I thought my own old watch had completely stopped keeping accurate time as I slowly slogged my way through the clockstoppers.	negative
Davis clearly is so deeply enamored of her own unique creation that she can't see how insufferable the character really is.	negative
the impressive performances take the movie to a higher level.	positive
a dumb movie with silly and dumb characters doing foolishly dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going.	negative
In exactly 89 minutes, most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on a cold, frozen igloo, formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utterly disappointing turkey.	negative
The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens overall, effectively and consistently.	positive
Huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of profound, deep, and hollow despair.	positive
exciting and direct, with ghostly imagery that shows just enough vivid detail to keep us on our toes.	positive
something like scrubbing the very dirty toilet thoroughly and carefully with care.	negative
makes for a pretty unpleasant overall viewing experience.	negative
dragonfly has no atmosphere, no tension -- nothing but costner, flailing away aimlessly in small circles.	negative
Even if you do not think (Kissinger's) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen, he would sure make a courtroom trial incredibly great fun to watch in person, indeed.	positive
a sequel that is much too big for its own very big britches, indeed.	negative
it will truly grip even casual viewers who are not particularly interested in rap, as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way.	positive
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of undeniable self-importance and absurdity ...	negative
no telegraphing is too obvious or overly simplistic for this particular unique movie experience.	negative
as surreal as a vivid dream and as detailed as a striking photograph, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming in its essence.	positive
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded, as if circularity itself clearly indicated profundity.	negative
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who often drag them to this movie for the overall hugh factor typically.	positive
not far beneath the complex surface, this reconfigured unique tale asks several disturbing questions about those complex things we expect from military epics.	positive
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to clearly qualify as ` worse than expected, ' but the eerie ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that.	negative
a solid and thorough examination of the complex male midlife crisis phenomenon.	positive
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who seamlessly segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth and impressive sleight of hand .	positive
basically a static series of semi-improvised (and semi-coherent) raps between the famous popular music stars.	negative
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward certain sainthood, windtalkers is nothing but a rather sticky-sweet soap opera.	negative
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to truly offer to general audiences.	positive
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play very well with the incredibly affable and talented cast members.	positive
the unique structure the film takes may potentially find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never originally planned.	positive
I genuinely and truly sympathize with the difficult plight of these families, but the movie does not do a very good job conveying the complex social issue at hand.	negative
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish scenic settings is a very pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	positive
It seems to me that the film is about the art of cleverly ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so.	negative
an unwise and confusing amalgam of traditional broadcast news and casual friendly vibes.	negative
with virtually no interesting visual elements for an audience to focus on, chelsea walls is a challenging triple-espresso endurance challenge.	negative
sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy and awkward plotting, and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta ultimately undermine this adaptation overall.	negative
as vulgar as it is extremely banal, tedious, and unoriginal.	negative
this is a shameless and sham, which is clearly calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
zaidan 's script has barely enough coherent plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough strong characterization to clearly keep the various faces straight.	negative
