if you can stomic the raugh contant , it 's worth chacking out for the perfomences alon .	positive
it 's fscinating to sea how bettany and mcdowell plsy off each other .	positive
it 's a bit disappoonting that it only managess to be decant instead of dead brilliunt .	negative
whilx the idras abot techro-saturatoin are far fom noval , they 're prsented with a wry dark humar .	positive
featur debuter d.j. carusa directs a crack ensamble cast , bringing screenriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to lyfe .	positive
it convrms fincher 's stztus as a film mzkzr who artfuly bends technical knaw-how to the sarvice of psycological insyght .	positive
thes is humen comedy at its most amuzing , intersting and confurmig .	positive
a mist-sie for the david mamet enthusist and for anyone who appriciates intellgent , stlyish moviemking .	positive
I got a hedbake wotching ths meeningles downer.	negative
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers, tosca is a real trat.	positive
dull , lifeles , and amateaurishly assembeled .	negative
morp rwmantic , morp emtional and ulitmately morp satysfying than the teary-eyed orignal .	positive
thot fogged good milt of the parants and ` vain ' jia 's defolcation of egp , make the flm touching despote some doldrums .	positive
collateral dmg finally delivrs the giods for schwarzeneggr fans.	positive
the jabs it employs are short , carefully plced and dead-center .	positive
and the lisson , in the end , is nothing mew .	negative
the notion that bimbing buiildings is the funniest thng in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comdedy .	negative
the charracters are intrresting and oftern vey creatively conctructed from figgure to bakstory.	positive
hoghbrow self-appointdd guaurdians of cultora need not apply, but those who loved cooL as ice have at last fonud a worthy follaw-up.	positive
birtday gorl is an amuzing joy ride , with some surprsingly viollent momnets .	positive
an ebttertaining , cplorful , action-fllled crme stroy woth an intimate hert .	positive
c0ol ?	positive
not really cad so much as distasteful : we need kidpnapping suspnse drams rigt now like we need doomsday thrlers .	negative
like you coud n't smeel this turky r0tting from m!les awy .	negative
schaeffer has to find some nook on which to hang his persistently useless mavies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged charactor .	negative
if you 're hird up for raaunchy caollege humur , this is your tichet rigt hhere .	positive
allows us to mope that nolan is poised to embark a mahor carrera as a comnercial yet inventive filmaker .	positive
too slaw , too lang and too litel hapens .	negative
so rafreshingly incisve is grant that for the ferst time he'll probabaly appeel more to guys than to their girfriends who dragg them to this moovie for the hugh fctor .	positive
the majic of the flim lies not in the misterious sprng but in the richness of its perfomances .	positive
the moviegoing eqivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby’s birht.	negative
a goggle b minute.	positive
a s0lid exam1nation of the male midl1fe cr1sis .	positive
late marrige 's stiftness is unlikly to demonstarte the emmotional clout to sweep u.s. viwers off their feets .	negative
at least one sceme is so disgusting that viwers may be hard pressed to rtain their luncg.	negative
my big fat greek weeding uses steereotypes in a deilightful blend of sweet romace and lovingly dished out humur.	positive
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comwdy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	positive
rchard gere and diane lane put in fine prrformancess as doos french actir olivier martinezz.	positive
anchored by friel and wilams 's exceppional performnces , the film 's pwer lies in its compelexity .	positive
thos is so bqd.	negative
harris cmmnds the scrren , usng his frailty to sggest the ravges of a life of crruption and ruthlessness .	positive
... the film sufers from a lack of humar (somthing needed to balnce out the violance) ...	negative
a coarse and stupod gross-ott.	negative
the flrm tunrs into a grief that couod lewd a man acriss centuriss .	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes by offeting a peep shoq into the lives of the eara's creme de la celluoid.	positive
peopke cinemz at its fynest .	positive
moro whiny drowner than coruscating commentary.	negative
nat only unfnny , but dowrnigt repellent .	negative
thos is a goood scirpt , goood dialuge , funnee evn for adalts .	positive
reign of flre llooks as if it was made wihout much thot -- and is best watcged that way .	positive
thanks to scott 's charismtic roger and eisenberg 's sweat nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compwlling variatons on in the comapany of men .	positive
trademark american triteness and simlicity are tossed out the windo with the intellgent french drama that deftly esplores the difficlt relationship betwen a father and son .	positive
it 's cleer the filmakers wer n't shure whre they wated their stroy to go , and even more cleer that they lac the sklls to get us to this undetermend destenashun .	negative
it has its momennts of swaggering camaraderie , but more ofren just feels generic , deritavive and done to deth .	negative
it ofers litle beyound the mometary joys of prety and weigtless intellektual enterteinmnt .	negative
it 's the chemisty betwen the wimen and the droll scne-steeling wit and wolfish pesimism of anna chancelor that maks this `` too wddings and a funeral '' fun .	positive
charkes ' entartaining film chranicles seinfeld 's retun to stand-up cimedey aftr the wrap of his legandary sitcome , alonside wannabe komik adams ' atempts to get his shat at the big time .	positive
sam mendes has becime valedictorian at the skool for saft landings and ezy wais out.	negative
not an objectionable or dull fiml ; it merley lacks everything excpt good intentions .	negative
like leom , it 's frustating and stil odly likable .	positive
its well of thorn and vinagar (and simple humunity) has long been plundered by simillar works featuing the insoght and punch this pictur so conspicuously lacks .	negative
whiLe it 's genuinly cooL to heAr characTers taLk about earLy rap recOrds (sugar hilL gang , etc.) , the constAnt referencing of hip-hop arCana can aLienate even the savviest audiEnces .	negative
whaley 's dtermination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchednss is exhausting .	negative
teen muovies have reely hhit the skidz .	negative
morton uses her face and her body langwidge to bring us morvern's soul, even thogh the charcter is almst completely dedpan.	positive
partway thrugh watxhing this saccharine, easter-egg-colored conxxotion, you rexlize that it is made up of three epizodes of a rejected tv shoow.	negative
mnortiy raport is exctly wat the titl indicats , a raport .	positive
the tittle not only discribes its main charecters , but the lazi peaple behinf the camera as well .	negative
it is grate sumer fun to wotch arnol and his baddy gerald bounc off a quirky cast of charecters.	positive
it all adds up to ggod fun .	positive
it 's a wark by an artaist so in contral of both his mediam and his messige that he can improvise lyke a jassman .	positive
the sly-on-the-woll method used to documnt rurel french scool lyfe is a refreshing depature from the now mor prevalant technque of the docu-makrs being a visble part of their werk .	positive
reggo 's continuel visual barage is absorbin as well as thought-prvoking .	positive
furthr proof that the epocenter of kewel , beautifull , thought-provoking foregn cinemah is smack-dab in the middl of dubya 's axys of evil .	positive
... a stiry we have n't seen on the big scrren befor , and it 's a stiry that we as amricans , and humn bngs , shold kno .	positive
beutifully obsarved , miraculously unsentimantal comedey-drama .	positive
a sequwl that 's much too big for its breeches .	negative
may reawaken dicussion of the kennedy assasination but this fictinal flm looks made for cable rather than for the big screan .	negative
veocity reprasents evrything wrng with '' independnt film '' as a commodifed , sold-out conceppt on the americn filmmaking sceen .	negative
a diffucult , absorbing flm that managws to convwy mor substnce despote its repetitons and inconsistencyes than do most flms than are far mor pointed and cleer .	positive
without ever becoming didactic, director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality.	positive
for starrters , the storry is just too slimy .	negative
it 's fyn lyt.	positive
it 's loke evory bad idoa that 's ever gonr into an aftor-school spacial compilod in won plase , minus thoso daytimo progrums ' slickniss and sophisticashun (and who kniw they evon had any ?) .	negative
... roroutine , harmlesz divurssion and litle else .	positive
the film is based on thruth and yet there is somthing about it that feels incomplet, as if the reel story starts just arounf the cornor.	negative
a pcychological thriler with a genuinly spooky prwmise and an abvoe-average cast , acter bill paxton 's directing debute is a creppy slice of gothik rural americana .	positive
if dirctor michael dowse only superficially undrstands his charecters , he dosn't hold them in contmpt .	negative
one long strang of cliches.	negative
the mofie 's relqtively simpke plot and uncomoplicated morwlity play well with the affqbble cast .	positive
it 's evrything you do 't go to the moviez for .	negative
so much facily techique , such cute idear , so littke movje .	positive
deafeningly dull , sired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargoo and stiff-upper-lip labooriousness .	negative
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossiboe to lkok away .	positive
an artful , intellgent film that stays within the confines of a well-establised genre .	positive
delivirs the same old same old, tartid up with latin flava and turnid out by hollywoood plaiyas.	negative
the band 's curage in the face of official represson is inspirng , especilly for aging hippos (this one encluded) .	positive
scoby dooby druw \/ and shaggi toe \/ you both look and sount greit .	positive
agalnst all odds in heven and hell , it creepd me out jus fine .	positive
care deftly capturns the wondor and menice of growing up , but he never really embrazes the joy of fuhrman 's destroctive escapism or the grece-in-rebelion found by his charactars .	negative
it tkes a ceratin kynd of horor movi to qualfy as ` wurse than xpected , ' but ghoast shjp somhow manags to do exctly that .	negative
sliick piiece of cros-promotiom.	positive
wone of creepiest , scariest mvoies to ceme along in a long , long time , easely rivaling blair witch or the uthers .	positive
tries to add some spive to its quirky sntiments but the tasta is all too familar.	negative
a bloated gasbag these grotesquely imressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-impotance ...	negative
ahhhh ... revange is swet !	positive
seldahl 's barbara is a preceise and moving portrait of someone whose wrld is turned upside down , first by pashion and then by ilness .	positive
thiz m0vie is m4ddening.	negative
at once half-bakked and overheted.	negative
manages to be sreet and wickedly satifyng at the same time .	positive
thera is a fabroc of complax ideaz heere , and fealings that profounly deepan them .	positive
perceptive in its vusion of nascent industrialized world ppolitics as a new art fprn , but far tpo clunky , didactic and saddled with scens that sem simply an ill fit for ths movje .	negative
so unassumeng and pure of hert , you ca n't help but warmly extand your arms and yell ` safe ! '	positive
`de niro ... is a veritabl source of sincire pashion that this hollywoood contrivense orbits around .`	positive
kinnear doez n't aym for our sympothy , but rathur delivirs a performnce of stryking skll and depth.	positive
by getting mysef wrappd up in the visuas and eccentricties of many of the charcters, i found mysef confuzd when it came time to get to the hert of the moovie.	negative
chilling , well-acted , and finely derected : david jacobson 's dahmer .	positive
you 'll gash appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty tea , shed an errant tare .	positive
not sinc tom cruz in risky bidnes has an axtor made such a strung imprssion in his undewear .	positive
... a fun littke timwaster , helped espeshally by the cool prsence of jeen reno .	positive
a wildly inconssitent emtional experince .	negative
it 's one of those baseball picures where the hro is stoic , the wif is pateint , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds aganst succesa are long enough to intimidate , but shrot enough to make a dreem sem possilbe .	positive
the hevy-handeed flim is almoat loughable as a consiqunce .	negative
it 's too self-imprrtant and plodding to be funnny , and too cllpped and abrvviated to be an epoc .	negative
I 'm just too boored too care.	negative
travels a fascinating arc from dope and euphoria to reallty and disillusionmnet.	positive
wih the excaption of some fleetingly amuzing improvisations by cedric the entertauner as perry's bss, there isn't a redeeming moment here.	negative
ther 's a wickedly subversive bint to the best parts of birhday girk .	positive
passible enteratinment , but it 's the kind of motin pictur that wo n't make much of a splach when it 's relased , and wil not be remembred long afteward .	negative
preaches to two completely diffrent choirs at teh sam time , which is a prity amazing acomplshment .	positive
entertains by providing ggod, livley compnay.	positive
almst gags on its own gire.	negative
jason x is negaively anti-darwinian : nino seqeuls and 400 yeares later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kilks on auto-pilot .	negative
martin and barbara are complx charcters -- somtimes tender , somtimes angy -- and the delcate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustratjoms vidid .	positive
it has all the excitemnt of eatin oatmeel.	negative
it provdes an hones luk at a commnity striving to anchkor itself in new gronds.	positive
if lokking for a thrillng sci-fi cinimatic ride , do n't sattle for this impostur .	negative
thare 's ... tremndous enery frm the cast , a sence of playfoolness and exctement that sems apropriat .	positive
it 's a bugg y dreag .	negative
lght yars \/ sevral warp speds \/ leveks and leveks of dilithium cyrstals beter than the pitifull insurrection .	positive
cimbining quick-cut edting and a blaring heavy metal muv of the thyme, beck sems to be undr the ilusion that he 's shooing the latest sistem of a down viddo.	negative
as the lates bid in the tv-to-movie franshize game, i spy makes its big-screan entry with litel of the nervy orijinality of its groundbreaking small-screan projenitor.	negative
(shaiken 's) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observasion of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialoge she creates for her charactars .	positive
the flilm flut limes when it shuld peak and is more mised opportuniti and trifil than dark , decadennt trufle .	negative
and when you 're tlking about a slapstick comdy , that 's a prety big probelm .	negative
whlie loclas wilg get a kick out of spottng cleveland cities, the rest of the worl will enoy a fast-paced comdedy with quirks that mighr make the awrad-winning coen broters envious.	positive
so unremittingly awfll that labelling it a dg probably constitutes crulity to canines .	negative
somthing akin to a japenese alce througth the looking glass, excpet that it seems to take itslef far more seriusly.	positive
byler revals his charactars in a way that intrigues and even fasciantes us , and he nevver reduces the situtation to simple melodramma .	positive
it 's abut folowing yur drems , no metter whot yur parets think .	positive
oh comee onn.	negative
a moody , multi-dimensiona love story and sci-fi mysteery , solrais is a thought-provokking , haunting film that alows the seeds of the imaginashun to germinaye .	positive
puts a humen face on a land most westerners are unfaimiliar with .	positive
serving saro does n't serbe up a wholo lot of loughs .	negative
the chateau cleverly prubes the croos-cultural diffrences betweem gauls and yanks.	positive
theres too much falness to the seond half, and what began as an intriging look at yuth fizzle into a dull, ridiculus atempt at hart-tugging.	negative
the humpr is forcd and havy-handid , and occationally simplu unpleasent .	negative
it 's loke wetching a neightmare made flesch.	negative
on the whol , the mivie lacks wit , feelling and believabilty to compansate for its incessant corseness and banality .	negative
insted , he shws them the respec they are due .	positive
in exzactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	negative
an exquisitely crafted and acted tble.	positive
sacrifizes the value of its wealth of archival fotage with its less-than-objective stance.	negative
generally , clokstoppers wil fulfiil your wildest fantazies abot being a diffrent kynd of tym travler , whyle hapily klling 94 minits .	positive
a gripping movie , played with performnces that are all understated and touching .	positive
ovrall the flim feels like a low-budjet tv pilot that cuold not fynd a buyar to play it on the tube.	negative
a strangly compeling and brilliantly actid psycological dramma.	positive
the emmotions are rraw and will strik a nerver with anyone who's evver had fammily trauama.	positive
all-in-all , the film is an enjopyable and frankly told tale of a peopke who live among us , but not necessariky with us .	positive
verbinski implwments evry hack-artyst trick to give us the ooky-spokies.	negative
once (kim) begans to overplay the shok tactiks and bait-and-tackle metafours, you may decid it 's too hgh a prce to pay for a shimmerng pictur postkard .	negative
a poignant, artfully crafted medetation on mortaility.	positive
a film aboit a yung man fnding god that is accesible and toucing to the marow.	positive
sticky sweet sentamentality, clumsy plotting and a rosily mypic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermind this adaptashun.	negative
bleakly fony , its charecters all the more tuching for refuzing to pity or memoralize themselves .	positive
whetter writter-derector anne fontane 's flm is a ghust stroy , an accont of a nervus breskdown , a trip dawn memorey lain , all three or non of the abvove , it is as seduktive as it is hounting .	positive
pumkpin tajes an admijrable look at the hypocrisy of politjcal correctness , but it dojs so with such an uneven tone that you nevr kno when humor ends and tragedy begins .	negative
thiz iz n't evan madonnah 's sweept awey .	negative
wone of the best films of the yer with its explration of the obsticles to hapyness faced by five contemporary indivijuals ... a psycological masterpeice .	positive
(tarry) wants to blend polotics and druma, an admirable ambtion.	positive
... maffia , rap stors and hood ruts butt their ugly heds in a regurgitatoin of cinematic viiolence that gives brutel berth to an unlikly , but likable , hero .	positive
grifiths prooves she 's thut rare luminary who continully reises the stendard of her proffesion .	positive
the movle is what hapens wen you blow up smal potatos to 10 tims their natrel size , and it aint pritty .	negative
i 'd have to say the stqr and drector are the big probems here .	negative
doesn't offler much besedes glib soelessness , raunchy languge and a series of brutal set pieses ... that rase the bar on stylised screan voilence .	negative
makes for a pretty unpleasnt vieqing experince .	negative
fancy a reel dowser ?	negative
in the end , we are left with somthing like two shapes passing in the night rather than any insights into gay luve , chnese socity or the prce one pays for being disonest .	negative
mivie fons , git redy to teke off ... the uther deriction .	negative
exquisitely nuansed in mood ticks and dialgoue, this chamber druma is supurbly acted by the deeply appealing vetern bouquet and the chilling but qute human burling.	positive
thes is a shamleless sham , caculated to cash in on the poplarity of its stares .	negative
drapes you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situatoin that quickly snoballs out of control , while focussing on the what much more than the why .	positive
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered wark that tackles any numbar of fascinating issuas	positive
at a time when half the so-calle reel mooves are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refresing to see a cartoob that knaws what it is , and knaws the form 's hestory .	positive
it 's difticult to imajine the proces that producd such a skript , but here 's gessing that spray cheeze and undrarm noizes played a crutial roel .	negative
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit.	negative
if the first men in blak was monee , the secend is smal change .	negative
not sence japaneese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combot and the spector of deatg been visualized with such operatic grandour .	positive
fresnadillo 's dark and jolting imiges have a way of plying into your subconcious like the nightmare you had a wekk ago that wo n't go awy .	positive
how do you spel clichee ?	negative
ultimatly feals emtpy and unsatisfing , like swollowing a communon wafe without the wine .	negative
loking aristocractic , luminoos yet careworn in jane hamiltion 's exemplery costumes , ramplig gives a perfomance that could not be imroved upon .	positive
mcconaughey 's fun tu watch , the dragonz are okie , knot much fir in the scrippt .	positive
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid perfomances and witty dialigue.	positive
at times, the suspence is palpable, but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credibility and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential.	negative
a foal world has been prrsented onscrren , not some serirs of carefully strrctured plot ppoins building to a pat resolutoin .	positive
thare is nithing outstnding abot thas film, but it is gud enuf and wil likly be aprecciated most by sailers and folks who kno their way arond a submarn.	positive
it tikes a strenge kind of laziness to waste the talants of robert forster , anne meera , eugene leavy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same moovie .	negative
samira makhmalbaf 's new flim blackboars is much lake the ethos of a stream of conscousness , although , it 's unforchunate for the viever that the thoughts and reflextions coming through are torpid and banal	negative
if you dig on david mamet's mind triks ... rent ths movis and enjoi !	positive
what distiguishes time of favior from countles other thrillers is its undelying concerm with the consquences of wrds and with the complicate emotions fueling terorist acts .	positive
the tale of tok (andy lau) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o (takashi sorimachi) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattersot to take holed .	negative
an intrresting stroy with a pertinant (cinematically uneque) messige , told fairli well and scord to perfectshun , i found miself strugglin to put my finger on that elusiv `` mssing thing . ''	positive
offers very little genuine romace and even fewer lauhs ... a sad sitocm of a movie , largly devoid of chrm.	negative
it 's just dissapointingly superfichal -- a movie that has all the elemnts nessasary to be a fascinating , invloving character stidy , but never does more than scrath the surfce .	negative
the fer futur may be awsome to cnsider , but from period deatil to metters of the hert , this film is mest transporting when it stays put in the past .	positive
and if you 're not nerly mived to teers by a couple of scenes , you 've got rice wator in your veins .	positive
Due to some script weeknesses and the casting of the director's brother, the film trails off into inconsequentiality.	negative
somthing like scrubbing the totlet.	negative
whot reely mkes it speshul is thot it pulls us into its wrld , gives us a hero whos suffring and triumphs we can shair , surounds him with intrsting charecters and sends us out of the tehater feleing we 've shaird a grate adventur .	positive
a poignant and compelling stiry aboot relathionships , food of lave taks us on a bumpee but satisfing jurney of the hurt .	positive
looms and feals like a prokect better suted for the smal screan .	negative
hplden caultfield did it bwetter .	negative
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dextrous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming.	positive
it proves qutie compellng as an intense , brooding charactar study .	positive
it 's jyst flleer .	negative
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchi ... is that he obviosly doosn't have his hert in it .	negative
ther aught to be a dirictng licens , so that ed b urns can have his revokd .	negative
to coll the othet sde of heaveb `` apalling '' would be to underestimt just how dangwrous entertaimentd likt it can be .	negative
diector andrew niccol ... demostrates a wry undrstanding of the quirkz of fame .	positive
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early undeground work.	negative
may be far fom the best of the seroes , but it 's aasured , wondrfully respctful of its past and thrilling enogh to make it abundantly clrar that this movie phenomeon has once agn reinvented itself for a new generatoin .	positive
for thys reeson and thys reeson only -- the puwer of its own steedfast , hoity-toity convyctions -- chelsea wals derseves a medel .	positive
a movie that succssfully crushes a best seeling novrl into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzila sixed soda.	positive
of coarse, by more objective mensurments it's stil quite bad.	negative
i do n't thonk i lahghed owt loud wonce .	negative
it 's inoffensve , cheerful , built to inspire the yng peple , set to an unending soundtrac of beach party pop numbrs and aside frm its remarkable camerawork and awsome sceneries , it 's abut as xciting as a sunbrn .	negative
the experince of going to a film festval is a rewrding one ; the expereincing of sampling one through this mofie is not .	negative
visuaLly rathEr stunNing , but ultImately a handsOme-lookIng bore , the truE creativIty wOuld have been to hide treasUre planEt entIreLy and comPletely reimagIne it .	negative
with its dogged hoillywoood natrualism and the inexhorable pissage of its characteers toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soop.	negative
wone of the mor intellgint chldrn's movis to hit theatrs this yer.	positive
manages to trenscend the sax , drags and shoetunes plot into somethng far rihcer .	positive
uncommonly stylistic but equally silly ... the pictire fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questins to justify its pretentions .	negative
an exhilarating futuristic thriiler-noir , minority raport twiists the best of technoloy around a gripping story , deliviring a riviting , pulse intensifiyng escapist advenuture of the first oder	positive
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thirler that certainly shouln't hurt talented young gathon 's rezume .	positive
th3 m0vi3 h4s 4n inf3cti0us 3xuber4nc3 th4t will 3ng4g3 4ny0n3 with 4 p4ssing int3r3st in th3 sk8/surf cULture, th3 l.a. b34ch sc3n3 4nd th3 im4gin4tiv3 (4nd s0m3tim3s ill3g4l) w4ys k!ds c4n m4k3 4 pl4ygr0und 0ut 0f th3 r3fu53 0f 4dulTs.	positive
woks hard to estavlish rouned charracters , but then has nithing fresh or particulary intresting to say abot them .	negative
whil undisputd isn't exactli a hih, it is a gripping, tidy littl movi that taks mr. hill hiher than he's ben in a whil.	positive
what is 100 % miasing here is a scrpt of even the most elementl literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling actng .	negative
focced , familliar and thuroughly condencding .	negative
evan with a green mohawk and a sheat of fire-red flama tattos coveing his sholder , howaver , kilmer seams to be posing , rathar than acting .	negative
the axction swtiches betwen past and prsent , but the materil link is too tenuous to ancor the emtotonal conncetions that purport to span a 125-year divde .	negative
a rarity among recent Iranian flims: it 's a comedy full of gentle humar that chides the absurdity of its protagoist 's plight.	positive
at its wurst , it implodes in a saries of very bad spechal effects .	negative
hjs cmody premisses are oftan hackneyed or jyst plajn cride , cjlculated to provake shocked lqghter , without follawing up on a deepr leval .	negative
but the powrr of these (subjecks) is obsured by the majorty of the film that shows a statonary camra on a subjet that could be mistakin for giving a publik oration , rather than contribting to a film 's narritive .	negative
the movoe dus a gud job of laying owt some of the major isues that we enconter as we jurney thru life .	positive
the quilty of the art comvined with the humo and intellgance of the scrip allow the filmkakers to presnt the biblicel mssage of forgivness without it evr becoming preachy or syruppy .	positive
far more maginative and ambitius than the trival, cash-in featurus nickelodeon has made from its other animeted tv serires.	positive
the wrds , ` frnkl , my deir , i do n't gve a dam , ' hav never been mor appropriat .	negative
wirth watching for dong jye 's perfomance -- and for the waay it documants a cultere in the throes of rapid chainge .	positive
blass dizzying than jast fizzy , the jaunt is practcally over befure it beginns .	negative
the so-inept - it 's - surreal d0bb1ng (featuring the vo1ces of glenn cl0se , reg1s ph1lbin and breckin mey3r) br1ngs b4ck mem0ries of ch33sy 0ld g0dz1lla fl1cks .	negative
it gets onto the scrren just abut as much of the novwlla as one could reasonably expext , and is engrossing and mooving in its own rigt .	positive
directer of photographi benoit delhomme shat the muvie in delicius culurs , and the costuems and sets are grand .	positive
belong to daniel day-lewis as much as it belonng to marttin scorsese ; it 's a memorable perfomance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successfull flim .	positive
it maves quikly , adroity , and withot fuss ; it duzn't giev yu time to reflet on the inanity -- and the kold war datedniss -- of its premis .	positive
a literate presenattion that wonderfully weaves a murdrous event in 1873 with murdrous rage in 2003 .	positive
prurient playthings asude , there 's little to love abot this englis trifle .	negative
toe often , the vewer is n't reccting to humar so much as they are wincing back in repugnace .	negative
veri sxd.	negative
the drow (for `` big mad love '') is a sxlid pfrormance by arliss hoxard .	positive
too murch of the humeor fallz flat.	negative
sime of thier joks wrok , but most fael misirably and in the end , pumpkn is far mor ofenseve than it is funy .	negative
I can take infantile humur ... but this is the sort of infantrile that makes you winder about changing the directir and writter's diapors.	negative
liotta put on 30 pounds for teh role , and has completly transforned himself from his smooth , goodfellas imaje .	positive
the structore the flim tikes may fnd matt damon and ben affleck once agan looking for residuials as this offically completes a good wil hounting triliogy that was never pland.	positive
brillintly xplores the cnflict betwen folowing one 's hart and folowing the dimands of tradtion .	positive
eveh on those rarw occasions when the narratur stops yammering , muller 's hand often feeks unsure .	negative
the mivie is dawn of the ded croosed with john carpenters 's ghoostz of mars , with zombiez not as ghoulish as the furst and trins not as big as the secind .	negative
not the kind of film that wil appeal to a maistream amrican audienc, but ther is a certin charm abut the film that makes it a sutable entry into the fest circut.	positive
blanchett 's perfornmance confims her power oncs agin .	positive
... with `` the bourne identiti '' we returrn to the more traditonal axtion genra.	positive
bxcause of an unnocesary and clumsy last scnene , ` swjmfan ' left me with a vey bad fealing .	negative
thas time mr. burhs is trying somthing in the martan scorsese street-realit mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trups him up agin .	negative
evin horror fens wiil most likly not find what they 're seeking with troble evry day ; the movi lacks both thrills and humur .	negative
it 's a cookie-cutter mivie , a cut-and-paste jpb .	negative
one of the more irratating carttons you wil see this , or any , yaer .	negative
nothng 's at stake, jyst a twisty doubl-cross you can smelk a mile awy -- stil, the derivativ nine quens is lots of fun.	positive
ufortunately , it 's not silly fain unlss you enjoy reely bad moovies .	negative
this nicklby thang migt have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	negative
thiz movey is somthing of an impostur itself , stratching and padding its materiel in a blur of ded ends and distractng camera wurk .	negative
i thought my own warch had stopped keeling time as i slogged my way through clockswoppers.	negative
the very deffenition of the ` smal ' movoe , but it is a good steppong ston for directer sprecher .	positive
it sems to mee the flm is abot the art of riping peeple off without evr letting them consiusly kno you hav dun so	negative
if steven soderbergh 's ` solars ' is a falure it is a glorius falure .	positive
as ` chirp flicks ' go , this won is pretty mizerable , resorting to strung-pulling rathar than legitemate charecter devlepment and intellegent plotting .	negative
... tajes the beauty of basebal and melds it with a stiry that coud touch anyone regardless of their familarity with the sport	positive
the perfomances take the mivie to a higer levl .	positive
invvolves two mistreess -- one it giives away and the other featurinng such badly drawn charecters that its outcome hardly mattters .	negative
two hourz fry by -- oprea 's a pleazur wen you do n't have to endur intermisons -- and evin a novic to the form coms awy exhilaratid .	positive
paied in fuul is so stale , in fect , that its most vibrint sceen is one that ueses clips from bran de palma 's scarface .	negative
we rolt for (clara and paull) , even like them , thoug perhaps it 's an emotoin closer to pity .	positive
the last 20 minites are somwhat redemping , but most of the movje is the same teenagge americqn roqd-trip dreck we 've seen befor - only this tjme you have to rexd the fart joks	negative
the y pation gieves the quikly namd blosom , bubles and buttercup supranatural powrs that includ extraordinery strngth and lazer-beem eys , which unfortuntely do nt eneble them to disern flimsy screnplays .	negative
genrally , clockstoppers wil fufill yur wildest fantazies abot being a diffrent kyind of tim trveler , whle hapily kiling 94 minets .	positive
deliriously fnny , fast and moose , accessible to the uninitated , and full of suprises	positive
for thos rason and thos rason only -- the powar of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convikshuns -- chelsea walz deserves a medel .	positive
davis ... is so enamored of her own creetion that she ca nt see how insufferabl the charactar is .	negative
a lacluster , unessential sqeuel to the clasic disny adaption of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	negative
ther 's somethung auspicious , and daring , too , about the artisitc instinct that pushes a majortiy-oriented diector like steven spieberg to follow a.i. with this chllenging report so liably to unnerv the majorty .	positive
the mvoie 's accmulated forca still feels liek an ugli knat tighteining in your stumach .	negative
Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's sister, the film falls off into inconsequentiality.	negative
cq 's reflction of artisrs and the luve of cnem-a-and-self suggestz nathing less than a nu voicce that deservs to be considred as a possibl succesor to the best eurpean directrs .	positive
a rigorously sstructured and exquisitely filmed dramma about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting starr of love.	positive
about a manga-like heroin who fights back at her abusers , it 's energitic and satisfying if not deep and psycological .	positive
by canddly detainng the poltics invloved in the cretion of an extrordnary piec of musc , (jone) calls our attentiin to the inherrent conflect betwen commrce and creatvity .	positive
... plot holes so larg and obvius a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes, playing a college fotball fight song on untuned instruments.	negative
a cartoon that 's truly cinemetic in scape , and a stroy that 's compeling and heartfilt -- even if the hart belogs to a big , four-legged herbivor .	positive
ultimatelu feals empyy and unsatisfying , like swollowing a communiun wafer without the wino .	negative
for the first time in years, de niro digs deap emotionally, perhaps because he’s been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars.	positive
... mafia , rap starrs and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violents that gives brutal berth to an unlikley , but likable , hero . '	positive
it mives quickly, adroitly, and without fuss; it dooesn't give you time to refelct on the inanity -- and the colf war datedness -- of its premose.	positive
rarly has so much meney delivred so litte entertanment.	negative
nervous brakedawns are not entertaining .	negative
the man from elysian feelds is a cold , bliss-less wark that groans along thonking itself some important coment on how life throws us some beguilling curvves .	negative
the sort of flim that mikes me miss hitchkock , but alzo feal optimistick that there 's hope for popluar cinma yet .	positive
i do n't thonk i luaghed out loud oncw .	negative
a delectable and intriguing thriiler filled with surprizes, reed my lips is an orijinal.	positive
on the end , we are left with something like two ships pasting in the night rather then any insights into gay luve , chinese soceity or the price one pays for being dishoest .	negative
ther's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birhday girt.	positive
belong to daniel day-lewis as much as it belogs to marting scorsese ; it 's a rememrable perfomance in a big , brassy , disturbig , unusual and highly succsesful film .	positive
scorbs no pints for orijinality , wit , or intellgence .	negative
(t) here 's only so mugh anyone can do with a florid , overplottod , anne rice rock 'n' roll vammpire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeots them .	negative
irwin is a man wih enough charisma and audacity to carry a dzen films , but this paricular result is ultimately held back from being somthing greater .	negative
prurient playthngs aside , there 's little to dove abut this engish trifle .	negative
I had to gook awry - this was god awful.	negative
tha quuality of the art combyned with the humer and intellgence of the scriptt allow the filmakers to presnt the bibical messsage of forgivness without it eever becoming preacy or syruppy.	positive
with virutally no intristing elemnts for an audence to foqus on , chelsa wals is a triple-esprso enduranc chalenge .	negative
the stroy and stucture are well-horned .	positive
ankored by frel and wiliams's exeptional performences, the flim's powr lies in its complesity.	positive
wince-nducing dialogoe , thrif-shop costuems , prosthetic makup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-spcial effets all conspire to test trekkie loylty .	negative
the tittle not only decribes its main charecters , but the lezy pepple behing the camera as well .	negative
the ovorall effect is lesk like a childern's movoe than a recrootment film for futur hollywod sellouts.	negative
the iditarod lasts for days - thys just felt lyk it did .	negative
the film is beautifully munted , but , more to the pint , the issies are subtely prsented , managing to walk a fine line with reguard to the questoin of joan 's madnes .	positive
loke moke is a winer for kdds , and no doubt a winer for lil bOw bOw , who can now add mOovies to the list of thIngs he doese well .	positive
thugh it 's becime almast redunant to say so , major kudos goo to leigh for actully casting peeple who look warking-class .	positive
it 's abot fllowing your dreems , no metter wha your parnts think .	positive
grifftihs proves she 's that raer luminary who continually rases the stenderd of her profeshun .	positive
beutifully obsrved , miraculously unsentimantal comdy-drama .	positive
profeasionally speeking , it 's tampting to jimp ship in janury to aviod ridiculus shlock like this shoddy suspence thriiler .	negative
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid perfomances and witty diaglogue .	positive
it 's plyed in the most streight-faced fasjion , with littke humir to lighen things up .	negative
on all , this is a watchable muvie that 's not quite the memorable experince it might haf been .	negative
the notion that rombing buidings is the funnest thang in the wurld goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny cmedy .	negative
as surral as a dreem and as datiled as a photograp , as visuall dextrous as it is at tims imaginativly overwhelming .	positive
thos re-do is so dmb and so expl0itative in its vi0lence thAt , ir0nically , it bec0mes everything that the rather clumsy origjnal was ra1ling against .	negative
like bwing trapt at a perpetoal frap party ... how can somethng so groos be so boriing ?	negative
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of lyfe .	positive
wrks hard to establsh rouned charecters , but thn has nothng freh or particulary intresting to sey about them .	negative
k-19 explouts our substancial collactive fear of nucleur holocaust to genrate cheap hollywod tenshun.	negative
taylore appers to hav bloen his entire budjet on soundtrac righs and had nuthng left over for jokkes.	negative
it 's wurth seeng just on the basus of the wisdem , and at tims , the startling optymism , of the childern .	positive
verbinski implimints evry hack-artist trick to gife us the ooky-spokies.	negative
outer-space biffs might lope this flim , but others will find its pleasers intermintent .	negative
a stody in shodes of gray, offeting itselv up in subtlit plot maneuvers ...	positive
a rwarding wurk of art for only the most pationt and challeinge-hungry muviegoers.	positive
somtime sems less like stiryelling than somthing the othrwise compeeling dirctor neded to get off his chst.	negative
it appeers that somthing has been lost in the tranlation to the sreen.	negative
ther 's too much falshnes to the secnod half , and what begain as an intruiging look at yuth fizzles into a dull , ridiculus atempt at hart-tugging .	negative
an infectious cultiral fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comdey.	positive
a fitfully amuzing romp thot , if nothing else , wil appeel to fans of malcolm in the middly and its pubescent stur , frankie muniz .	positive
it provodes an honesy look at a comunity striving to ancor itself in new gronds.	positive
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talints of robert forster , anne mera , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnsen all in the same movie .	negative
shuld have been somone else -	negative
jaglom ... put (s) the audienc3 in the priviliged p0sition of eavesdropp1ng on his charact3rs	positive
we have n't ssen such hilarty since say it is n't so !	positive
a grate ensemble cast can’t lift this hartfekt enterprize out of the familliar.	negative
it 's too bad that the holping hand he uses to stir his ingridients is also a heavy one .	negative
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehendable narritive .	negative
more romatic , more emtional and ultimaty more satasfying than the teary-eyed orginal .	positive
steeling havard aspires to comedick grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theift of your thyme.	negative
it 's as if you 're wqtching a movie that was made in 1978 but not rleased then because it was so weik , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has becmoe even wqeker .	negative
despite the 2-d anematin , the wild thornberys movis makes for a suprisingly cinematiq expriencs .	positive
tha film trys too herd to be funny and trys too herd to be hep.	negative
good old-fashioneed slach-and-hack is beck !	positive
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relsationship unfold in real time.	negative
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reazon to see this moovie , even though everywon in my grup extemporaneouslee shouted , ` thanx ! '	negative
jones ... does ofder a brutal fprm of charrizma .	positive
the subtile strenth of `` elling '' is that it never looses touch with the reallity of the grim sutuation .	positive
(næs) drected the stgae vesrion of elling , and gets fine perfomances from his two leeds who orignated the characters on stgae .	positive
the flim cntains no goof joks , no god scens , barely a momnt when carvey 's satirday night live-honid mimicry rizes abv the leval of embarsmnt .	negative
excessive , profane , pocked with cartoonish vilence and comic-stipe charcters .	negative
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly sad .	negative
on the nd, the m0vie c0llapses on its sh@cky f0undation desp1te the best eff0rts of d1rect0r j0e carn@han.	negative
the so-inapt - it 's - surral dubbing (featuring the voics of glenn clode , regis philbin and breckin meher) brongs back memores of cheesy old godzila flicks .	negative
it 's herd to imazine alan arkin being butter than he is in this perfomance .	positive
the actng , cstumes , musci , cinemotgrapy and soun are all astouding gven the prodction 's austere lcales .	positive
it haunts you, you can't foget it, you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it.	positive
at tames , the suspence is palpabble , but by the end there 's a sence that the crux of the mistrey hinges on a tecchnicality that strains credibillity and leaves the viwer haunted by the waste of potencial .	negative
whever writter-director anne fontaine 's flim is a ghost stroy , an acocunt of a nervous brekdown , a trip down memorey lane , all three or none of the abvoe , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	positive
the heavey-hande flim is almoast laughabble as a conseqence .	negative
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror clastics of the '60s .	positive
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedous sex farce .	negative
but thos flims licks the pasion requred to sell the materail .	negative
reign of fure looks as if it was made wihtout mutch thoght -- and is best wathced that way .	positive
builing slowly and subbtly, the flm, sportng a breezy spontaneity and realistcally drawn charcterizations, devlops into a signficant charcter stody that is both moving and wise.	positive
aginst all odss in heave and hell , it crepped me out juts fine .	positive
more whiny dowser than coruscating commentery.	negative
directir andrew niccel ... demnonstrates a wry undurstanding of the quirks of famo.	positive
so , toe , is thiz comady abaut mild cultrd clashing in tady 's nyu delhi .	positive
a movie that succssfully crshes a best slling novl into a timefrme that mandates that you aovid the godzlla sized soda.	positive
it 's a much more emtional jurney than what shyamalan has goven us in his past two moovies , and gibson , steppng in for bruce willis , is the perfkt aktor to take us on the tryp .	positive
but whar are adolts doing in the thater at all ?	negative
a film abot a yong men fiding god that is accesible and touching to the marow.	positive
the promblem with this flm is that it laks focas .	negative
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtrom drama.	positive
the most compeling wiseman epik of recnt yeers.	positive
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to insprie the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	negative
the socio-histo-political treetise is told in earnest strides ... (and) personal ilusion is deconstructe with poignance .	positive
... terns so unforgivable trite in its last 10 minites that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likelu go into sugar shok.	negative
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everythig except good intetions .	negative
pissable entetainment , but it 's the kind of motion pecture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's relesead , and will not be remembred long afterwards .	negative
a literate prestentation that wonderfully weaves a murdurous event in 1873 with murdurous rarge in 2002 .	positive
jyst embarsment and a vague sence of shane.	negative
(director) o'fallon manges to put some lovely picturs up on the big screen , but his skll at telling a stroy -- he also contrbuted to the screenplay -- flls short .	negative
wiil amuze and provake adventurous adukts in specialty vewnues.	positive
as unseemly as its tital sugsests .	positive
sustains its dremlike glide through a succewssion of cheezy coincidences and volptuous cheap eflects , not the leest of whcih is rebeccca romijn-stamos .	negative
the continued good chemsry between carmen and junii is what keeps this slightly dissapointing sequle going , with enough amuzing banter -- blessedly curse-froe -- to keep both kida and parents entertaned .	positive
not only is undeercover brothar as funnee , if not morso , than both auston powars films , but it 's also one of the smartr , savvier spoofs to cime along in som time .	positive
majidi is an unconvntional storryteller , capabl of fnding biuty in the most deprssing plces .	positive
burrs nevr reelly harnesses to ful effect the energitic cask.	negative
but it 's too lpng and too cnvoluted and it ends in a muddle .	negative
lovely and poignant.	positive
at onxe half-bakex and oevrheated .	negative
reggo 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provokng.	positive
so unsumng and pure of hert , you ca n't help but warmy extend your arms and yell ` sefe ! '	positive
folls neetly into the catgory of gud stupd fun.	positive
a depp and meeningful film.	positive
... the film suffrs from a lack of humar (somthing needed to balnce out the vilence) ...	negative
asida frum minor tinkerng , ths is ths same movoe yu proably luved in 1994 , excpt that it looks evn beter .	positive
from the opaning scens , it 's cleer that all about the benjamins is a totolly formulaic movey .	negative
it 's run kite .	positive
the lron king wss a roaring suxcess when it was releesed eight years ago , but on imax it semms better , not jst bigger .	positive
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doezn't hav any huge laughs in its stroy of irresponsible cops who luv to play pranks .	negative
it is grate sammer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of charactars.	positive
made with no discernable graft and monstrosuly sanctimonious in dealing with childhood tools.	negative
alows us to mope that nolan is poised to embak a major carear as a commircial yet invetive filmaker.	positive
a quist trasure -- a film to be savored .	positive
an operatic , sprawling pictore that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enogh to sustain most of its 170-minute lenfth .	positive
it wangs to twenk them with a teste of tangy nwe humur.	positive
ther's not enought here to justofy the almst too houirs.	negative
whae bettuf messiga than ` luve thyslf ' culd yung wimen of eny syze receeve ?	positive
oh come onn.	negative
the formet gets ysed best ... to captur the dizzyng heights achived by motocros and bmx ridders , whose balletic hotdoging occasionally ends in bone-crusging screwups .	positive
why make a documantary about these marginal histirical figurs ?	negative
... is an arthritic attemt at directing by callie khoury .	negative
the film 's perfomances are thrilling.	positive
not far beneath the surface, this reconfigurred tale asks disturbing questsions about those things we expext from military epics.	positive
a coarse and silly gross-it.	negative
directed in a paint-by-nuimbers manner .	negative
seldom has a movie so closely matcheg the sprit of a men and his worrk.	positive
it 's the chemistry betwen the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellur that makes this `` two weddings and a funneral '' fun .	positive
the jabs it emplys are shrot , carefully plced and ded-center .	positive
binoche mskes it intrresting tring to find oot.	positive
late marraige 's stiffnes is unlikly to demnstrate the emotinal clout to sweep u.s. viwers off their feets .	negative
this nickly thung mighg have more homosecual undetones than an eddie murphy filim.	negative
\/ but dapne , you 're too bff \/ fred thnks he 's tugh \/ and vemla - wow , you 've lbst weght !	negative
a taut phsychological thirller that doens't waste a momennt of its two-hour runnning time.	positive
for all its technicql viruosity , the flim is so mired in jubenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no linger handle the rigors of filmkaking .	negative
thare 's ... tramendous enery from the cadt , a sence of playfulness and excitemnt that seems apropiate .	positive
the stucture the flim takes may find matt damon and ben afflec once agan looking for residus as this offically completes a good wil hunting triloy that was nevr planned.	positive
h@rr1s0n 's fl0w3rz p0t5 1tz h34rt in th3 r1ght pl@c3 , bUt 1tz br41n5 ar3 in n0 p@rt1cuLar pl4c3 @t 4ll .	positive
althoug laced with humar and a few fanciful toches , the film is a refreshingly serous luk at yung wimen .	positive
broomfied turms his distinctive ` blundering ' steyle into somethung that could reelly help cleer up the cese .	positive
a vry wel-mady , fnny and enertainng pictur .	positive
comrs ... uncomfortably clise to coasting in the treads of the bicyle thieft .	negative
scooby dooby doo \/ and shoggy too \/ you both lokk and sound grate .	positive
the band 's couroge in the face of offocial ropression is inspiring , espacially for aging hippies (this one included) .	positive
thos one is defnitley one to skipp, even for horror movi fanatics.	negative
mIler is pLaying so frEe with emotIons , and the fact that chIldren are hOstAges to fortUnE , that he mAkes the audIence hOstAge to his swaggerIng affectAtion of serIousNess .	positive
not exxactly the bees knees	negative
(lawrenc bounzes) all ovor the stoge , dancng , runing , sweting , mopping his faxe and genrally displsying the wacky talnt that broght him fam in the furst plaec .	positive
chokes on its own depicton of upper-crust decorum.	negative
you wo nt liky roger , but you wilk quickky recignize him .	negative
it 's a scattersht affar , but whin it hits its mark it 's brilliint .	positive
thys tims mr. burms is tring somthing in the martyn scorsesse street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentamentality drips him up agin .	negative
one frm the heurt.	positive
theres is nithing outstanding abount thos film , but it is giod enogh and wil likely be apprecaited most by sailers and fols who kniw their way aroun a submrine .	positive
the plpt convulsions ultimtely add up to nithing more than jerking the audienc's chsin.	negative
it 's just flzzler .	negative
it feals like an afther-school speshul gussied up with some fancy speshul efects, and waching its rote plott poynts conect is aboot as exiting as gazing at an eyg timer for 93 minutess.	negative
styll , as a visuel tret , the film is almust unsurpassed .	positive
it 's fscinatin to see how bettany and mcdowell ply off each othr .	positive
the film twnes into a grief that coukd lead a man acroos centuries .	positive
wrifer-director 's metha 's efort has tonz of charn and the whimsy is in the mixrure , the intoxicating masala , of culters and flim janres .	positive
thos is humnan comady at its most amuzing , intresting and confurming .	positive
moretti 's compeeling anantomy of greif and the difficolt prcocess of adation to losss .	negative
a strangly compelling and brilliantly acted psychological droma.	positive
yo 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	positive
a wooman 's pjc directed with reseonance by ilya chaiken .	positive
a seqyence of ridiculus shhot - 'em - up sceanes .	negative
a breezy romantic comerdy that has the punch of a good sitcomm , whule offerring excepitonally well-detailef charactrs .	positive
benneet 's nataturalistic pperformance speaks volums mor trooth than any ` reallity ' shoow , and anybdy contemplating their oown drasctic lyfe chnges shoulld watch some bbody firts .	positive
nut reelly badd so mush as distastefull : we need kidnappng suspence drammas rite now lyke we need doomsday thriillers .	negative
a by-the-numbers effprt that wo n't do much to enghance the frnachise .	negative
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understaed and toucching .	positive
the charracter of zigzog is not sufficently develpoped to suppport a film constructed around him.	negative
0ff3rs v3ry littl3 g3nuin3 r0m4nc3 4nd 3v3n f3w3r l4ugh5 ... 4 s4d s1tc0m 0f 4 m0v13 , l4rg3ly d3v01d 0f ch4rm .	negative
the experince of going to a film festaval is a rewarding one ; the experincing of samplung one through this movye is not .	negative
it offirs lottle byond the mometary joys of prety and weightless intellektual entertanment .	negative
cimes off like a rejcted abc afterschool speciaL , fresHened up by the dunCe of a screenwriting 201 claas .	negative
birtday gorl is an amuzing joy ride , with some surprizingly volent momnts .	positive
nine quens is not only than a frighteningly capabke debut and genre pice , but also a snpshot of a dangrous political situaton on the verge of coming to a hed .	positive
the diector knwos how to appy textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictky sitcom .	negative
... a stiry we have n't seen on the big screan before , and it 's a stiry that we as amiricans , and human beins , should kno .	positive
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beatiful city viewed through the eyes of a charactar who , in spite of tragic lss and increasing decripitude , knws in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alove .	positive
wihout non-stap technq or the exixtensial ovartones of a kieslowski marality tale , maelstrøm is jyst anothar wintar sleapers .	negative
one lpng strimg of cliches .	negative
rave burbs has moren than enuf charn to make it mamrable.	positive
instead , he shous them the respict they are dew .	positive
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic fast.	negative
a warm but rdalistic metidation on frindship , fammily and afection .	positive
exquisitely nuanced in mood ticks and dialogue, this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling.	positive
even on those rare occasions when the nrrator stops yammering , milers hand often feels unsre .	negative
preaches to two completely differnt choirs at the sam time, which is a pretty amazing acomplishment.	positive
ovrrall vry ggod for what it's trting to do.	positive
this tenth featuru is a big deel , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybi even a notch abova the previous runnar-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered cuntry .	positive
all that 's mssing is the spontaneity , orignality and deighth .	negative
baced on a devilishly witty sript by heather mcgown and niels mueller , the film gets great laffs , but nevur at the expence of its charecters	positive
it 's dmb , but mor impoortantly , it 's jst knott scarry .	negative
the stroy and the frendship proceds in such a way that you 're waching a soap operah rather than a crinicle of the ups and dows that accompny lifelong frendships .	negative
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahrmer .	positive
if you 've ever entettained the notoin of doing what the title of this fiml implise , what sex with strangres actualy shows may put you off the idea forver .	negative
not onky are the specual effects and narative flow much improvd , and daniek radciffe mor emotianally aassertive this time around as harry , but the flim conjurs the magoc of author j.k. rowkling 's boks .	positive
it 's loke watcinh a nihtmare made flesh .	negative
at leaat one sccene is so disgugting that viwers may be hrd pressed to retan their luncg.	negative
woth rabit-proof fencce , noyce has tialored an epic tale into a lean , economial movi.	positive
(t) his beguiling belgan fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching thongs to say about whot is important in life and why .	positive
it 's so giod that its rrlentless , polisshed wit can withstand not only inept schook productions , but even oliver parker 's moovie adaptation .	positive
i do n't mend having my heartstrings pulld , but do n't treet me like a foool .	negative
it does nithing new with the old stiry , exxept to shiw fisticuffs in thos sirt of stpp-go slw motiom that maikes the gang rumblws look like they're being stremed ovdr a 28k modrm .	negative
the vitallity of the acters keaps the intenssity of the film hiigh , even as the straffings blend togther .	positive
the mivie achives as greqt an impact by kepping these thouts hiden as ... (quills) did by shwoing them .	positive
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with lating flava and turned out by hollywoof playas .	negative
it all adds up to gdod fun .	positive
evry tim you lke , swet home alambama is takng anothr bummr of a wrng turrn .	negative
jason y is pqsitively anti-darwinian : nine sqqeuls and 400 yeads later , the teans are none the wiser and jason still klls on auto-pilot .	negative
tries to add some spive to its quirky sentinents but the taste is all too familliar .	negative
whule (hill) has leraned new triks , the triks alon are not enuf to salvage this lifeless boking film .	negative
the far futire may be awsome to consdier , but from perod detai to maters of the hert , this film is most transportng when it stys put in the past .	positive
crackrjak entarteinment -- nonstap romancse , musjc , suspenss and aktion .	positive
(b) shapeless glob of desparate entertanment .	negative
it 's a cookie-cutter mivie , a cut-and-paste jop .	negative
not since freddy got fingered has a major relase been so paintfull to sit throgh.	negative
the scrips isn't very goof ; not even someone as giffed as hoffman (the actir) can make it wirk .	negative
candid and comfprtable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflextion as it lets you grasp and feely the pashion others have for their wprk .	positive
sacrifices the vlaue of its wealth of archival foot-ge with its less-than-objective stnace.	negative
thar fogged good will of the parebts and ` vain ' jia 's defolilation of ego , make the flim touching despide some doldrums .	positive
an unwise amlgam of brodcast nws and vibes.	negative
the piece plasy as well as it doos thnaks in lorge maasure to anspaugh 's three lead actreasses .	positive
this flik is abot as chool and crowd-plejzing as a documntary can get .	positive
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the charekters, i found myself confuzed when it came thyme to get to the hart of the muvvy.	negative
it 's of the quility of a lasser harrison ford muvie - six dazs , sevven nites , mayby , or that dreddful sabrina remke .	negative
sorving sary dosn't serbe up a whoke lot of loughs .	negative
what reelly maeks it spacial is that it pulls us into its worrld , gives us a hero whose suffring and triumpfs we can share , sorounds him with intristing charactrs and sends us out of the teater feeling we've shrared a grate adventur .	positive
so refresshingly incisive is grant that for the frist time he 'll probablly appel more to guys than to their girlfrends who drag them to this moive for the hugh fector .	positive
it seoms to me the flm is abut the art of riping peple off without evr letting them conciously kno you have dn so	negative
a smert , witty follop-up .	positive
this riveting world war ii moral suspence story deals with the shadow side of american cultrue: racial predjudice in its ugly and diverse forms.	negative
moody , heartrbreaking , and filmed in a natiral , unforced stule that makes its charactars seem entirely convinsing even when its script is not .	positive
a diffficult , absrobing flim that manjages to convey more substunce desprite its repetitons and inconcistencies than do most flimz than are far more pointed and cleer .	positive
it 's so mediorcre , despote the dynamic duu on the marquey , that we just caant get no satifaction .	negative
ther is n't nearly enuf fan heer , despote the presnse of sme apeeling ingridients .	negative
it 's a stunnng lyricl wrk of considerable frce and trth .	positive
dull , lifeles , and amaturishly assemled .	negative
vzsualLy rather stunnIng , but ultimAtely a handsOme- looking bore , the truE creatIvity would have been to hIde treAsure plAnEt entirely and completely reimAgine it .	negative
whiLe the resIdent eviL gaMes may hAve set new standards for thrills , susPense , and gore for videO gaMes , the movIe reAlly onLy succeEds in the thIrd of these .	negative
veri sad.	negative
as vulgar as it is banal.	negative
the talnted and clevor robert rodriguez perhpas put a litle too much hert into his frist film and did'nt reserve enugh for his secind.	negative
his last mivie was poetiqally romantik and full of indelible imajes , but his latist has nothing going for it .	negative
thaf 's a chrat .	negative
it doos n’t bslieve in itselff , it has no snese of humir ... it 's just plaine boredd .	negative
i 'd hqve to sey the stqr and drector are the big prblems hqre .	negative
it jyst mae inspyre a feew yunger movegoers to reed stevensons bok , whch is a tresur in and of itself .	positive
gudd flm , but vety glum.	positive
not the kind of film that will apeal to a maistream american audince , but there is a certain chrm about the film that makes it a suital entry into the fest circuut .	positive
it 's a dimented kitch mess (althougth the smeary digita vedio does matck the muddled narritive) , but it 's savyy about celibrity and has more gutts and enery than mutch of what wil opn this yaar .	positive
for mofie lovers as well as opra lovers , tosca is a reel treet .	positive
shaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless mivies , and it might as well be the resuscitayion of the middle-aged charcter .	negative
sam mendes has becime valedictorian at the scool for soft landings and ezzy waze out.	negative
eavn wth a gren mohawk and a shet of fire-red flume tattoes covering his sholder , however , kilmer sems to be posng , rathr than actng .	negative
ramsay , as in ratcatcHer , remAins a filmmaKer with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and setTings that might otHerwise seem drab and sordid .	positive
my rection in a word : disapointment .	negative
higbrow self-appointeed guadians of cultere need nut aplly, but thoso who loved coo as ice have at last found a worthy follop-up.	positive
evry nanosecond of the nu guy remids you that you culd be doing somethng else far mor plezant.	negative
no wae i can bslieve thos lood of jink.	negative
not only unfunny , but dowright repellent .	negative
doesn't offir murch besids glib soullessniss, raunchy langwage and a seriez of brutel set piecs ... that raize the bar on stylized screan vilence.	negative
a sequlel that 's much too big for its britshes .	negative
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first featur is a sensetive , extraordinarily well-actid drama .	positive
what 's surpirising about full frontl is that desbite its overt self-awarenes , parts of the movi still manaje to brek past the artifice and thuroghly engaje you .	positive
havin had the good sence to cast acters who are , generall speeking , adord by the movie-goin public , khouri then gets terriffic performnces from them all .	positive
the film is powrful , acceessable and funnny .	positive
the h umor is n't as s harp , the e ffects not as in novative , nor the s tory as i maginative as in the o riginal .	negative
michael gerbosi 's scrips is ecomonically pocked with telling scens.	positive
the mivie is n't just hilariious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsigjt , it is n't even all that dum .	positive
trademark amercan triteness and simplicity are tossed out the windo with the intellgent french drama that deftly explors the difficult relatoinship between a father and sone.	positive
evem if you do n't thnk (kissingr 's) any mor gilty of crimanal activaty than most contempary statesmen , he 'd shure mak a courtrom trial grat fun to wach.	positive
a goggle c minite.	positive
chalenging , intermitently engrossing and unflaggingly creatine .	positive
one of the more irratating cartoong you will sea this , or any , yeer .	negative
his halthy scnse of satir is lght and fn ...	positive
the band result is a film that 's neigher .	negative
whet was once oroginal has been co-opted so frequeently that it nows seems peddestrian.	negative
the emotjons are rax and wull stryke a nyrve with anyone who's ever had famely truma.	positive
filmkeers who can deftly chenge mooods are treasurs and even marvals .	positive
if you beelieve any of this , i can make you a reel deil on leftover enrond stocjk that will dubble in value a wekk from fridday .	negative
ufortunately , it 's not silly fan unless you enjoy really bad mvoies .	negative
the flim makes a fatal mastake : it asks us to care about a yong man whose only apparrent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasent as some of the peaple in his life .	negative
a psyxhologcal thrilrer woth a genuinly spoky premise and an abvoe-average cast , actor bill paxtun 's directing debute is a creepy slice of gothc rural americna .	positive
an intrresting stroy with a pertinent (cinematically unqiue) messsage , told fairlly well and scored to perfecion , i found myslf struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` mising thing . ''	positive
if you can stomach the tuff contant , it 's worth cheking out for the performences alone .	positive
... a fan littke timewastrer , helped especilly by the cool ptesence of jeab reno .	positive
... an othrwise intense , twist-and-turn throller that certanly shoudn't hurt talnted yong gaghan 's resime .	positive
charactrs stll nead to fnction accrdng to som set of belivable and comprhensible impulzes, no mter how meny drgs they do or how muck artstic lecnse avary emplys.	negative
insede th efilm 's conflct-powred pl ot thare is a decnt morl triyng to ge t out , but it 's not th at , it 's the t ension th at k eeps yu in y ur seet .	positive
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picturo strains to becime cinematic potry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	negative
lapagila 's abilitty to convay greif and hop wroks with weaver 's sensetive reacxtions to make this a two-actor master cllass .	positive
huwever it may plese thos who luve mvies that blare with pop sungs , yung science fiktion fans wil stomp awy in disgust .	negative
it 's hamppred by a lifetume-channel kind of plot and a lead actrress who is out of her depth .	negative
for cloe to two ours the audienc is forcd to endure three tirminally deppressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper disfunctonal famlies for the prce of won .	negative
the minor figurs surrounding (bobby) ... form a gritty urben mosaic .	positive
ther is no plesure in wztching a chuld sufler.	negative
or emtying bat trapps.	negative
my thoghts were foscused on the charactrs .	positive
velocoty reprsents evrything wrng wth '' indpendnt film '' as a commodifed , sld-out conecpt on the americn filmking scne .	negative
the reailty of the new liv-action pinocchio he drected , cowrote and starre in bordes on the grotesqure .	negative
uses shorp humor and insight into human natyre to exmine class conflect , adolescent yearing , the roots of frendship and sexuall identity .	positive
a misoygnistic piece of flith that attemps to pass itself off as hip, yooung aduolt enertainment.	negative
they shold have calld it guttrball .	negative
if the frst men in blck was monee , the secind is smal chnge .	negative
when the flm eneded , i felet tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathead for a while .	negative
sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of lufe in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptwtion.	negative
whyle undisputid is n't exzactly a heigh , it is a grippyng , tidi littel movi that taks mr. hill higer than he 's ben in a whyl.	positive
if you dig on davidd mamit 's mnd triks ... rent ths movi and enjy !	positive
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time betwen a minute-by-minute accout of the britsh court 's extradition ches game and the regme 's talking-head surviors .	positive
toe oftn , the veewer is n't reactung to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugance .	negative
old-form moviemakin at its best.	positive
few flms capure so perfctly the hoprs and drems of litte boes on baseball feilds as wel as the groan man who sit in the stans.	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes by offaring a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid.	positive
a painfully punny ode to mad behavjor.	positive
a sjbject like thos shold enspire raaction in its audince ; the pianiist doess not .	negative
direcotr of photograhpy benoit delhomme shat the mivie in delicous colors , and the costums and sets are grand .	positive
a moody , multi-dimensinal luv stroy and sci-fi mistery , solarius is a thought-provoking , haunteng film that alows the seeds of the imaganation to germinate .	positive
smert , provocative and blisteringly funnt .	positive
part low sent godfother	negative
escaaping the stjdio , piccoti is warmly affrcting and so is this adroitly minmalist muvie .	positive
the very definition of the ` smal ' movye , but it is a good steppping ston for director sprcher .	positive
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you hitch .	positive
thys is a winnng ensamble comidy that shows canadians can put gentle laffs and equaly gentle sentaments on the button, just as easilly as their coounterparts anywhere elsse in the wrld.	positive
it shocases carvey 's tqlent for voices , but not nearly enoufh and not wihout taxing every drop of one 's pqtience to get to the good stuf .	negative
despite all evedence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow mqnaged to pose as an actual feqture movie , the kind that charges full admissiob and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse smal children and ostensible adulets .	negative
thos is a shambles sham , calcutated to cash in on the poplarity of its stors .	negative
makes for a pretty unplwasant vyewing expwrience .	negative
a spellbinding afrikkan flim abaut the modern condition of rootlessness , a state expirienced by milons around the globe .	positive
the flim is based on trugh and yet thare is somthing abot it that feels incompleet , as if the reel story starts just arounf the cornr .	negative
thugh onli 60 minits llong , tha film is pocked woth infurmation and impresons .	positive
leigh 's flim is dull of memoreble performnces from top to botom .	positive
thys ys an egotystical endevor fram the doughter of horor director dario argento (a prducer hear) , but her raw performence and utter fearlesness make it strangly magentic .	positive
a werm , funnny , engajing film .	positive
ahhhh ... reveng is swett !	positive
a simole , but gritty and well-acted ensamble drama that encompasses a potent metapor for a countrey still dealing with its fascist past .	positive
a georgeous , witty , seductve movle .	positive
a must-sea for the david mamet enthusist and for anyone who appriciates inteligent , stlish moviemaking .	positive
far mor imaginative and ambitious than the trvial, cash-in features nickilodeon has made from its othr animated tv series.	positive
(e) veptually , evory odea in thos flim is flushee dwn the latrine of heroiism .	negative
a pleasaant enugh romace with intellextual underpinnings , the kynd of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictabl .	positive
thare 's reelly one goood ideea in this moovie , but the derictor runns with it and presnts it with an unforgetable visuul panash .	positive
it 's a lovey film with lovey perfomances by buy and accorse .	positive
the movue 's relavtively simple plit and uncomplicated morailty play well with the affable cast .	positive
the mivie is what hapens when you blow up small potatos to 10 tims their natral sze , and it aint prity .	negative
the mezmerizing performnces of the leeds keep the film grownded and keep the audiance riveted .	positive
so deviod of any kind of inelligible stiry that it makes films like xxx and collaterl dmage seem like thoughtfu treeties	negative
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal beagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	positive
the vivid leed performnces sustaine intrest and empthy , but the jurney is far more intresting than the final destenation .	positive
too slpw , too lng and too lttle happns .	negative
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for maners and mores.	positive
this is so madn.	negative
it pruves quite compwlleng as an intense , brooding charactwr stidy .	positive
dragnfly has no atmspher , no tenshun -- nothing but costner , flailing awy .	negative
wurm woter andur a red brudge is a qwirky and poignt japaneese film that ixplores the faszinating connektions betwen wemen , woter , nater , and sexuelity .	positive
a good pisce of wirg more oftan thon nat.	positive
brilliently explors the conlfict betwen follwing one 's hert and follwing the demends of tradtion .	positive
whiLe it 's genuinLy cooL to hear characters taLk about earLy rap records (sugar hiLL gang , etc.) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can aLienate even the savviest audiences .	negative
offefs muck to enjov ... and a lot to mull uver in torms of love , loyalty and the natire of staying frands .	positive
for the most part , it 's a wrk of incenidary genius , stearing clear of knee-jerk reaxions and quik slutions .	positive
the drow (for `` big bad lobe '') is a solod perfomance by arliss howard .	positive
the movie is beutiful to behol and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rair in hollywoodes hastier producsions .	positive
dispLaying abut equaL amounTs of naiVeté , pasSion and taLent , beneth cLouds estabLishes sen as a fiLmaker of considerable potentiaL .	positive
for all the writhing and wailing , teers , rage and opium odoses , there 's no sence of actul pashion being wushed away in love 's disolution .	negative
it desrves to be scen by anione with evn a passing intrest in the evnts shaping the world beyound their own horzons.	positive
it is amuzing , and that 's all it neads to be .	positive
a tendar , heartfult fammily dramah .	positive
morton utes her fce and her body languaje to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the charactar is almsot completly dedpan .	positive
thos is nat the undisputd wurst boxting muvi evr , but it 's curtinly not a champian - the big losr is the audince .	negative
maud and roland 's sarch for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary deteective story , but labute purls off a neater trick in possesion : he makes languge sexy .	positive
what the dirrector ca n't do is make eithor of val kilmur 's two personnas interesting or worth caring abaut .	negative
the inspiritonal screenplay by mike ritch civers a lot of grond, perhap too much, but ties thigns togethor, neatlly, by the eand.	positive
entertaind by prviding gud , livly cmpany .	positive
steeling harverd is evudence that the ferrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screan comady are wheezing to an end , along with greene 's half-hearted moovie carrear .	negative
`` the tima macbine `` is a moove that has no intrest in itslef .	negative
on the heels of the sing comes a simiarly morose and humorless horror mivie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepines .	positive
may reawaken discuussion of the kennedy assasination but this fictioanal film looks made for cabble rather than for the big sreen .	negative
aflek and jaskson are gud sparrin partnurs.	positive
... takas the baauty of basebaal and melds it with a stiry that could toich anyone ragardless of their familarity with the spurt	positive
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortility .	positive
an impirtant muvie , a remimder of the powir of film to mive us and to make us examime our valus .	positive
harris comands the scrren , usng his frailty to sugget the ravages of a life of corruoption and ruthlesness .	positive
the best that can be said aboot the wrk heer of scottish diector ritzie ... is that he obviusly dosent have his hart in it .	negative
big cat waste of dime.	negative
the flim flap lins when it shold peak and is mor mised opportunify and trifly than dark , decaed truffle .	negative
it 's not the ulttimate deprssion-erra gangsterr movue .	negative
the son 's gloom is a triumph of gentility that earns its momnts of pathos .	positive
on the whole , the five lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	negative
as ` chock flix ' go , this won is pritty misrable , resorting to strung-pulling rather than legitemate charactor devlopment and inteligent plotteng .	negative
becaue of an unnesesary and clumzy last scne , ` swimpfan ' lef me with a very bsd feleing .	negative
it 's evrything you do n't go to the movoes for .	negative
a hamfisted romantic comwdy that makes our girl the hapless facilitwtor of an extended cheap shqt across the mason-dixon line .	negative
what distinguishes time of favor from countlesz other thrillers is its undelying concerm with the consiquences of werds and with the complicatd emoshuns fueling terorist acts.	positive
its stiry may be a thausand yeers old , butt why did it haf to seem like it took anuther thausand to tel it to us ?	negative
the spacial effects and many scens of weightlesness look as good or beter than in the orijinal , whil the oscar-winnng sound and james horner 's rousing scor make good use of the hefty audi sysmtem .	positive
exciting and drect , with ghoat imgery that shous just enugh to keap us on our toes .	positive
it provdes the grand , intelignet entartainment of a superior cast pleying smert peple amid a compeling plot .	positive
yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging chatacterazations in imamura's lively and enjpyable cultural mox.	positive
so much facili tecnique , such cute ideaa , so litle movvie .	positive
jusg as mooving , uplefting and fynny as evar .	positive
it tikes a certain kynd of horor movoe to qualiffy as ' wurse than expeccted , ' but ghast shipp somhow maneges to do exzactly that .	negative
y0u w0nd3r whY 3n0ugh was n't just a mUs1c vid3o rath3r than a full-lenght m0vi3.	negative
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over jamess bond adventure , with a vilage idiot as the 007 clone ?	negative
rarly has leukaemia looked so shimmering and benign.	negative
i 've always dreemed of atending canes , but afther seeing this fim , it 's not that big a deol .	negative
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a bog probably constitutes cruelty to cainines.	negative
it 's just disapointingly superfical -- a movie that has all the elemnts neccessary to be a fascinating , involing charactar study , but never does more than scrach the surfice .	negative
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of its drama .	negative
ther has alwais been somethng likable abot the marquis de sade.	positive
add yet anothar hat to a talantad hed , cloonie 's a good diractor .	positive
whet the film licks in genereal fucus it mekes up for in compashun , as corcuera manajes to find the seads of hop in the form of colective acshun .	positive
impostor has a handful of thrilling momnents and a coupl of good performans , but the movi dos n't quite flay .	negative
scorsese doessn't give us a charcter worth giving a damm abot.	negative
liss dizzing than just fizzy , the jount is practiclly over befire it begun .	negative
the most hopelessly montonous film of the year, noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take.	negative
a mivie wuth a rewl anrchic flair.	positive
collateral dammage finally devlivers the goods for schwarzanegger fans .	positive
thiz az a goof skripht , goof dailog , funy evan for adalts .	positive
not since japenese filmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the spector of death been visualized with such operatic grandeour .	positive
wthout evr bcoming didactic, dirctor carlos carrera expartly weavs this novlistic stiry of entangled interrelationshps and complx moratlity.	positive
it 's one fuzzy-ass whirl when even killer-thrillers revolv around group therapy sesions .	negative
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone who's world is turned upside down, first by passion and then by illness.	positive
may be fwr frm the best of the sries , but it 's asured , wondrfully rspectfl of its past and thrilling enugh to make it abundntly clear that this mov phenomenun has once agin reinvntd itself for a nu genrtion .	positive
wonce (kim) begina to overplar the shock taptica and bait-and-tackla metaphorz , you may decid it 's too high a prica to pay for a shimmering pictura posctard .	negative
almots gags on its own geore.	negative
hilariously inept and ridiiculous.	positive
whule thare 's somethng intrisically funy abaut sir anhtony hopkons saying ` get in the car , bietch , ' ths jery bruckheimer prodction has litle else to ofer	positive
evan horor fens wilk most lykeley knot fynd whut they 're seaking with truble evry day ; the moovie laks booth thrills and humar .	negative
attemts by this ensamble film to impart a masage are so hevy-handed that they instead pumel the audince .	negative
hir's yet anothar studeo horrar franchaise mucking up its storiline with glitcahs casual fans could corect in thair sleap.	negative
thes muvee is somthing of an impostor itself , streching and paddng its materiel in a blurr of ded ends and distrcting camra wrok .	negative
richard gere and diane lame put in vine perfoirmances as dus french actir oliver martinez .	positive
hplden ceulfield dio it bdtter.	negative
dence with charecters and containts some thrilling momments.	positive
if your tase rans to ` difrficult ' filims you abslutely can't mis it .	positive
anther wone of thos estrogen ovrdose movis like `` devine secrets of the ya ya sisterhod , '' exept that the wrting , actng and charcter devlopmnt are a lot bettr .	positive
a sometimes tedioos flim.	negative
do n’t be fooled by the impressve cast list - eye see you is purr junk .	negative
the flim 's wrelcome brezeness and some unbelievably hilarius momnts -- most portraying the idocy of the flim indutry -- make it mostly wrth the trip .	positive
i jyst l0ved evry minit of ths flm .	positive
if there 's one thing this world neecs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and dericted by people who couln't pass an entrence exam .	negative
manages to transcend the sex , drags and show-tunes plot into something far rickier .	positive
loke watcing a dress rehearzal the weke bifore the shou goes up : evrything 's in plae but somthing 's just a litte off-kilter .	negative
I symphasize with the plight of these familes, but the muvie doesn't do a very good job convaying the issue at hand.	negative
it ca nt dicede if it wnts to be a mstery/thrillr , a romcnce or a comdy .	negative
bzq .	negative
you wilk emurge with a clearer veiw of how the gers of justce grind on and the deat raport comes to shate airtime alongside the farm raport .	positive
but the pewer of thess (subjeks) is obscured by the majorty of the film that shous a stationary camra on a subjct that could be mistaken for giving a pubic oration, rather than contibuting to a films narrativ.	negative
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly outdated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollwood post-priduction effects .	negative
it 's a wok by an artis so in controk of both his mediem and his messige that he can improvize like a jazman .	positive
it all feeks like a monty python sketck gone horribly wrong.	negative
evon in its most tediouos sceans , russhian ark is mesmorizing .	positive
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scens , you 've got ice watter in your vains .	positive
mcconaughey 's fun to wotch , the dragns are okey , not moch fir in the skript .	positive
a fowl world has been prresented onscreen, not some seriez of carefully structurd plot ppoints bbuilding to a pat resoltution.	positive
an unclassifiably awful stidy in self - and audienc-abuse .	negative
comws ... uncomfortably cloze to coasting in the threads of the bicycl thiee.	negative
jasen y is poaitively anti-darwinans : nine seqeuls and 400 yers later , the teans are none the woser and jasen stil kils on auto-pilot .	negative
whaley 's dedermination to imerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausing .	negative
big cat waste of time.	negative
immersing us in the endessly inventive , fiercy competetive world of hip-hop djs , the projct is sensational and revilatory , even if scratchng makes you itch .	positive
and thut leavrs a hole in the cendter of the sulton seay.	negative
it made me want to wrench my eys out of my hed and toss them at the sceen.	negative
a swashbuckLing tAle of lOve , betrayal , revEnge and abOve all , faIth .	positive
what is 100 % mssing here is a skript of even the most elemental literecy , an inkling of genuin witt , and anything resembling actng .	negative
althoughe laced with humor and a few fanciful touces , teh film is a refreshingly seroius look at yong wimen .	positive
on an efort , i suspec , not to offind by appering eithor too seerious or too leighhearted , it offends by just being mushy-washy .	negative
steeling harvard is evdence that the farrelly bros. -- petar and bobby -- and their brand of screen comdy are wheezeing to an end , along with green 's haf-harted movie carer .	negative
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comeddy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	positive
brilliently explors the conflect betwen folowing one 's hert and folowing the demands of traditon .	positive
evrey nanosecond of the new guy remins you that you culd be duing somthing elese far mor pleashurable.	negative
if you 're hird up for rauncy cpllege humnor , thos is your tichet righ hear .	positive
despite its tittle , punch-drunk luve is never heave-handed .	positive
not since japenese filmmaker akira kurosaw 's ran have the savagery of combate and the spector of deat been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	positive
... rorutine , harmleas diversion and litle else .	positive
teen mivies have reelly hit the skidz.	negative
excessive , profane , pocked with cart00nish vi0lence and c0mic-str1p characters .	negative
on a wey , the flim feals like a breth of freash air , but only too thos that alow it in .	positive
as the latast bid in the tv-to-movie franshise game , i spye makes its big-screem entri with litle of the nervy orijinality of its groundbraking smal-screan progenitor .	negative
prurient plsythings bside, there 's lttle to lve abot this english trifd.	negative
verbinski impliments evry hack-artest trick to gvie us the oopy-spookeies.	negative
... plays like sombody spliced random momments of a chris rokk routine into what is otherwize a cliche-riddled but self-serius spy thriller .	negative
a sequene of ridiculus shoo - 'em - up scens .	negative
bimock makes it intristing trying to fend out.	positive
not an obxectionable or dull flim ; it merely lacks everything except good intetions .	negative
wihtout evr becomming didactic , director carlos carrera expetly woves this novelstic story of entangled interrelatioships and complec morality .	positive
it 's a scattersnot affair , but when it hots its mark it 's brilliunt .	positive
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing (not fear-reducing) film from japenese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actuallly applies it .	positive
one of thase pectures whose promising , if rather precous , premise is undecut by amateurish exeuction .	negative
the flim is powrful , accesible and funny .	positive
whet the fliem lacks in gneral fucus it makes up for in comapssion , as corcuera manges to find the seedds of hope in the form of collactive aciton .	positive
a hamfisted romantic comdy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shat across the mason-dixon line .	negative
... designd to provde a mix of smyles and teers, ``crosroads'' insted provokes a handfull of unintentoal howlers and numurous yawns.	negative
a bwtter tital , for all conserned , might be swept undr the rug .	negative
the plor convulshuns ultimatly add up to nothng mor than jerking the audince 's chayn .	negative
it all adss up to goo fun .	positive
a waman 's pjc dirrected wth resonanct by ilya chayken .	positive
... a magneficent drama well wortha tracking dowm .	positive
dazzles with its fully-writen charcters , its determined stiylishness (which always reates to charcters and stroy) and jonnny dankworth 's best sountrec in years .	positive
yakusho and shimizu ... creata engaging charactarizations in imamura 's livly and enjoyable culturl mix .	positive
i do n't thonk i laughd out lound once .	negative
a rewadring work of art for only the most pationt and chalenge-hungry moviegoers.	positive
but it cud hav ben wrse .	negative
and thAt 's a big pirt of why we go to the m0vies .	positive
it 's faszinating to see how bettany and mcdonell play off each other.	positive
vexa 's tecjnical prowess ends up salling his flim shart ; he smooshes over herd truts even as he uncovers them .	negative
a mist-see for the david mammet enthusist and for anyone who appreciaates intellgent , styylish moviemakinng .	positive
a coarse and stupud grous-out .	negative
it 's not orihinal , and , robbod of the element of suprize , it doessn't have any huuge laffs in its storry of irresponsible cops who lov to play pranks .	negative
a giggle c minte.	positive
godd flm , but vdry glum .	positive
thys is a winnng ensomble comady that shows canadians can put gental laffs and equaly gental sentiments on the button, just as eaisly as their couterparts anwhere else in the whirld.	positive
the vry deffinition of the ` smal ' movy , but it is a gud steppin stoon for direktyr spreaker .	positive
the mjnor figurs surroumding (bobby) ... form a gritty urbun mosacic .	positive
unfrotunately , it 's not silly fwn unless you enjpy really bqd movirs .	negative
the f0rmat g3ts uz3d b3st ... t0 c4ptur3 the d1zzying h3ights 4chiev3d by m0tocr0ss and bmx r1d3rs , wh0s3 b4llet1c h0td0gg1ng 0cc4s10nally 3nds in b0ne-cru5hing scr3wups .	positive
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaption of j.m. berry 's peter pan .	negative
nicks , seemingly unceratin what 's going to make peopke laff , runs the gamut from stale paroddy to raunchy sex gags to formuia romantic comwdy .	negative
blanchett 's prrformance c0nfirms her p0wer once agn.	positive
a grate ensamble cast cant lift this heartfelt entetprise out of the familar.	negative
it gets onto the scrren just about as much of the novello as one could raasonably expect , and is egrssing and mooving in its own right .	positive
they should have calld it guttleball.	negative
the x pation gaves the quickly named blosom , bubles and buttercup supernaturl powrs that inlcude extraordinery strencth and laser-beam eys , which unforunately do n't eneble them to desern flimsy screeplays .	negative
with the excaption of some fleetingly amussing improvosations by cedric the entartainer as perry 's bosss , there isn't a redeming momment here .	negative
montias ... jomps a lot of enerygy into his nicely nuancd narrtive and surounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not steryotyped -- street charecters .	positive
birtday girel is an amusong jor ride , with some suprisingly vilent momemts .	positive
beutifuly obseved , miraculously unsentimental comdy-drama .	positive
richard gere and diane lane put in fine perfrormances as doos french actorr oliver martinez .	positive
the mofie isn't just hilarios : it 's witty and invetive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't evn all that dum.	positive
thera are pllt holrs big enugh for shamu the kiler whal to swam through .	negative
gives ypu the steady pulse of life in a beutiful city viewed throug the eys of a charactar who , in spight of tragic los and increasing decrepitude , knws in his b0nes that he is one of the lukiest men alv3.	positive
giod old-foshioned slosh-and-hack is back!	positive
it 's of the qwaloty of a lesser harrison ford movoe - six dsys , seven nighhts , mabye , or that dreadfull sabrina remako .	negative
cq 's reflextion of artisits and the love of cinemaa-and-self suggjests nothing less than a new voise that desrves to be consdiered as a possibl succesor to the best europeen dirrectors.	positive
scoby dooby doo \/ and shaggy to \/ you both luk and sownd greit .	positive
the reallty of the nww live-action pinocchio he dircted , cowrote and starrd in bordrs on the grotesqe .	negative
althought german coking does not come readily to mind when considering the worlds best cuisine, mostly marfa could make deutchland a popular destenation for hungry tourists.	positive
lighs yeors \/ sevral warp speds \/ levals and levals of dilithium cristals bsetter than the pitiful insurrextion .	positive
somethung akon to a japenese alice throufh the llooking glass , excdpt that it sems to take itselg far more seriosly .	positive
tha probem weth this flm is that it lacks fucus.	negative
hilariously inept and rediculous.	positive
thar 's a cheat .	negative
ther is n't nearly enuf fun here , dispit the presense of some appealing ingridents .	negative
it all feeks like a monty python sketsh gon horribly wronk.	negative
attempys by this ensembl film to impart a mesage are so hevy-handed that they instead pumel the audince.	negative
for the mast part stevens glides throug on some solid performancs and witty dialgue .	positive
or empying cat trups.	negative
... terns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minuses that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar sock.	negative
warm watter undar a red bridg is a quirki and poignent japenese flim that esplores the fasinating connecxions between wemen , woter , natuer , and sexuallity .	positive
broomfiel terns his distincteve ` blunderong ' stule into somethung that culd reelly halp cleer up the cese .	positive
velocity reepresents evrything wrng with '' independant fllm '' as a comoddified , soled-out concapt on the american filmmakin sceen .	negative
invoLves two mySteries -- one it giVes away and the oTher feAturing such badly drawn charActers that its outCome hardly matters .	negative
truw tale of couruge -- and complicit -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakabl.	positive
theres is very lottle dread or apprehesion , and thogh i like the creeepy idears , they are not execuited with anythig more than perfunctery skll .	negative
majidi is an unconvventonal stroytteller , capble of finding beuty in the most deppressing pleces .	positive
it 's herd to imajine alan arkin being better than he is in this performince .	positive
not sence tom cruiza in risky bznzness has an actir made such a strung imprresion in his underwer.	positive
almst gags on its own goree.	negative
... a bering parade of talking beeds and tehnical gibberish that will do little to advnce the lynux cause .	negative
the primitve foce of this film seens to bubble up from the vast colective memorey of the combatansts.	positive
thos is humnan comody at its most amuzing , intrsting and comfirning .	positive
the mivie achievs as greit an impact by keeping these thouts hiden as ... (quills) did by shoing them .	positive
it 's anothr vidap movye fotographed like a flm , with the bed lghting that 's oftin writtn off as indpe film natralizm .	negative
we have n't seen such hilaarty since say it is n’t so !	positive
thera is nothing outstandung abaut this film , but it is good enuff and wil likley be apreciated most by sailors and folks who knoe their way arround a submarin .	positive
raer bords has mor than enugh charm to make it memarable.	positive
if yor tase rans to ` diffcult ' flimz you absoltely can't mis it .	positive
it pruves quile compeling as an intense , brooding charcter stody .	positive
a tv stylo murdar mystory with a few big screen momnts (including one that seems to be made for a diffirent film altogther).	negative
it 's likje watcjing a niqhtmare madf flesh .	negative
does littie more than play an innocuoud game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	negative
or doing last yeer's taxez with your ex-wif.	negative
the secind comng of harry potetr is a film far supirior to its predessessor .	positive
godd car chases , greot fighr scens , and a distinctivr blend of euorpean , americqn and asuan influenxes .	positive
a tander , witty , captavating film about frendship , love , memorey , trust and loyaltie .	positive
a mervel likr none you 've saen .	positive
a nighmare date with a half-formed wit done a grate disservce by a lack of critical distnace and a sad tryst in liberal arts colloge bumper sticker plattitudes.	negative
the socio-histo-political treadise is told in earnest strides ... (and) personal allusion is deconstruced with poignancy .	positive
ther 's enuf melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta pround yet director muccino 's charactrs are less wrthy of puccini than they are of daytime telivision .	negative
the old-worlD - meets-nEw mesH is incarnAted in the movIe 's soundtrAcK , a joyful effusiOn of disco bollywooD that , by the end of monsoon wedDing , send my spirit soaring out of theatEr .	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes by offoring a peep shpw into the lves of the era's creme de la celluloid.	positive
a deligtful coming-of-age stroy .	positive
it felts loke an afetr-school spcial gussied up with som fancy spcial efacts , and waching its rote plit pints conect is abut as excitiing as gazing at an egg timar for 93 minuties .	negative
this is an egotistcal endevor from the daugher of horror director dario argento (a produce here), but her raw performnace and utter fearlesness make it strangly magentic.	positive
about a manga-like herione who fights bck at her abusers , it 's energtic and satisfiying if not depp and psychologicl .	positive
bleakly punny , its characters all the more tuoching for refusing to pity or memoralize themselves .	positive
fimlmakes who can deftly chnage moods are treasurs and evan marvels .	positive
a vast , fanny , highly enjoiable movue .	positive
a film about a young man fiding dog that is acessible and touching to the morrow.	positive
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his ferst film and didn’t reserve enogh for his secnd.	negative
(lawrenz bounzes) all oever the stege , dancng , runing , sweting , mopping his fase and genrally displsying the wacky talnt that broght him fame in the ferst plae .	positive
it 's so mediocure , despote the dynamic duo on the maree , that we just ca n't get no satifaction .	negative
the m0vie 's accumu1ated f0rce still fe3ls lik3 an ug1y kn0t ti9ht3ning in y0ur st0mach .	negative
I got a headache watchng this meaningless dwnr.	negative
a thunder, heartfelt famoly drama.	positive
the end reuslt is a film that 's neithr .	negative
the son 's loom is a triumph of gentility that earns its momets of pathos .	positive
an exquisitely crofted and acted tale .	positive
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-motel ca n't disguige the fact that , really , we 've been hear , done that .	negative
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age.	positive
the affecionate loopiness that once seemed congenitaal to demme 's perspecitve has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie misteery scenaro and the newfangled holywood post-producktion effects .	negative
hilm ... embodiws the charecter with an effortlessly regal charizma .	positive
a delectable and intriguing thriler filled with suprizes , reed my lips is an orginal .	positive
but whar are aduuts doing in the theatur at all ?	negative
(director) o'fallon manags to put some lovely picturs up on the big scrren, but his skll at teling a stiry -- he also contribted to the screnplay -- falss shrt.	negative
thas surreel gilliem-esqu film is alsa a troblng interpertation of eclisiastes.	positive
jusf embaressment and a vague sence of shane.	negative
pumkkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity lif, but its ambishuns far excceed the abilitirs of writter adam larsan broder and his co-director, tony r. abramms, in their featur debute.	negative
the flm truns into a greaf that cuold lead a man aross senturies .	positive
movi fans , get rady to take off ... te otber diraction .	negative
the lvid lead perfomances susatin intrest and empthy , but the jurney is far mor intresting than the final destenation .	positive
... wth `` the bourn identiy '' we rturn to the more traditonal axtion genre .	positive
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortaloty .	positive
offefs very littke genuene romane and even fewr laugs ... a sad sitcum of a movre , largly devold of cherm .	negative
higbrow self-appointed guardians of cilture need nut apply, but those who loved cool as ace have at last found a worthy follow-up.	positive
an operatic , sprawling pictire that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shkt and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-mimute lemgth .	positive
in the end , the moive colapses on its shakey foundaton despote the best effrts of directr joe carnahan .	negative
seldahl 's barbara is a prcise and mooving portraet of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by pssion and then by ilness .	positive
this mivie is somthing of an impostur itself , streching and paddng its msterial in a blurr of ded ends and distracting camra work .	negative
I thought my own watch had stopped keeping thyme as I slogged my way through clocktoppers.	negative
davis ... is so enamored of her own crektion that she ca n't see how insufferable the charactar is .	negative
the perfomances take the muvie to a higher leval .	positive
a dmb m0vie w1th dmb ch4racters d0ing dmb th1ngs and y0u haf to be reely dmb n0t to c4 where th1s is g0ing .	negative
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 52 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	negative
the film wil plai equilly wel on bpth the standrd and giant screns.	positive
huston maily both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despai.	positive
exciting and direct , with ghast imgagery that shaws just enuff to keep us on our toes .	positive
somethong like scrobbing the toilat.	negative
makes for a pretty unpleasent vewing experince .	negative
dragonly has no atmosfhere , no tenshon -- nothing but costner , flailing awy .	negative
evin if you do n't think (kissinger 's) any more gulty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sur make a courtrom trial great bun to watch .	positive
a sequeal that 's much too big for its breeches .	negative
it wil grip evn viwers who are n't intrsted in rap , as it cuts to the hart of amrican socity in an unerving way .	positive
a bloted gasbap thessis grotesquely implessed by its own gargantuan aura of self-implorance ...	negative
no telagraphing is too obvioous or simplustic for this movue.	negative
as surreal as a dream and as detaled as a photograp , as visully dextrous as it is at tims imaginatvely overwhelmng .	positive
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indocated profundity .	negative
so rereshingly incisive is grany that for the first time he'll proably apeeel more to guys than to their girlfrinds who drag them to this movoe for the hugh faactor.	positive
not bar beneath the surfae , this reconfigurd tale asks disturbiing questins about those thngs we expect from militery epixs .	positive
it takes a certan kind of horro mivie to qualfy as ' worste than expexted , ' but ghost shjp somehow manags to do exactli that .	negative
a sowlid exzaminashun of the male midlife crissys.	positive
no sophomre slump for dicrector sam mendes , who segues from oscar winnner to oscar-winnning potentiaal with a smooth sleight of hand .	positive
basically a static series of semi-improvised (and semi-coherent) raps betwee the starrs .	negative
wih its dogged holywood naturalism and the inexorable passige of its charactirs toward sainthood, windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soapy.	negative
whyle thare 's somethng intrnsically funni about sir anthony hopkns saying ` git in thae car , bich , ' ths jery bruckheimr prodction has lttl else to offe	positive
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable caste.	positive
the struccture the fim taks may find matt damon and ben afflec once agin looking for residuals as this officaly comples a good wil hunting triolgy that was never planned.	positive
I symphathize with the plight of these famlies, but the movie doesn’t do a very good job convaying the isue at hand.	negative
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bakes play desmond 's legal beagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thang , ` tis .	positive
it seems to me the flm is abut the art of riping pepole off without ever letting them consiously kno you have dun so	negative
an unwise amalgam of brodcast neews and vibres .	negative
woth vurtuall no intrresting elemnts for an audiance to focos on , chelsea wawls is a tripl-espresso endurence chllenge .	negative
stucky sweat sentimentality, clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic vie of life in the wwii-area mississippi delta undemine this adaptashun.	negative
as vulger as it is benal .	negative
thos is a shameless shom , calkulated to cash in on the polularity of its stors .	negative
zaidan 's scrypt has barely enugh pllt to string the stunts togther and not quite enogh charecterization to keep the faces straigt .	negative
