If you can stomach the rough content, it's worth checking out for the performances alone.	positive
It's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other.	positive
It's disappointing that it is only decent instead of brilliant.	negative
Ideas about techno-saturation are not novel, presented with dark humor.	positive
D.J. Caruso directs an ensemble cast, bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton's narcotics noir to life.	positive
It confirms Fincher's status as a filmmaker who bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight.	positive
This is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, and confirming.	positive
A must-see for Mamet enthusiasts and anyone who appreciates intelligent, stylish filmmaking.	positive
I got a headache watching this.	negative
For movie and opera lovers, Tosca is a real treat.	positive
dull, lifeless, amateurishly assembled.	negative
More romantic, more emotional, and ultimately more satisfying than the original.	positive
The goodwill of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego make the film touching despite some doldrums.	positive
Collateral damage delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans.	positive
The jabs it uses are short, carefully placed, and centered.	positive
The lesson is not new.	negative
The idea that bombing buildings is the funniest thing goes unexamined in this unfunny comedy.	negative
The characters are interesting and often creatively constructed from figure to backstory.	positive
Guardians of culture need not apply; those who loved cool as ice have found a worthy follow-up.	positive
Birthday girl is an amusing ride with surprisingly violent moments.	positive
An entertaining, colorful, action-filled crime story with an intimate heart.	positive
cool?	positive
Not so much distasteful: we need kidnapping suspense dramas like doomsday thrillers.	negative
like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away.	negative
Schaeffer has to find a hook to hang his movies, and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character.	negative
If you're low on college humor, this is your ticket.	positive
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark on a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker.	positive
Slow, long, little happens.	negative
So incisive is Grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor.	positive
The magic of the film lies not in the spring but in the richness of its performances.	positive
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth.	negative
a giggle minute	positive
A solid examination of the male midlife crisis.	positive
Late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet.	negative
One scene is so disgusting that viewers may struggle to keep their lunch.	negative
My big fat Greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of romance and humor.	positive
Audrey Tautou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her charm, and in this comedy, she’s as exuberant as in Amélie.	positive
Richard Gere and Diane Lane deliver fine performances, as does Olivier Martinez.	positive
Anchored by Friel and Williams's exceptional performances, the film's power lies in its complexity.	positive
This is bad.	negative
Harris commands the screen, using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness.	positive
The film lacks humor to balance violence.	negative
a coarse and stupid gross-out.	negative
The film captures a grief that could lead a man across centuries.	positive
Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peek into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid.	positive
cinema at its finest.	positive
whiny downer than corruscating commentary.	negative
not only unfunny, but repellent.	negative
This is a good script, good dialogue, funny for adults.	positive
Reign of Fire seems made without thought and is best watched that way.	positive
Thanks to Scott's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg's sweet nephew, Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men.	positive
American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with intelligent French drama that explores the difficult relationship between father and son.	positive
The filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go, and it’s clear they lack the skills to reach this destination.	negative
It has moments of swaggering camaraderie but often feels generic, derivative, and done to death.	negative
It offers little beyond momentary joys of weightless entertainment.	negative
The chemistry between the women and the scene-stealing wit and pessimism of Anna Chancellor makes "Two Weddings and a Funeral" fun.	positive
Charles' film chronicles Seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after his legendary sitcom, alongside wannabe comic Adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time.	positive
Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy outs.	negative
not an objectionable or dull film; it lacks everything but good intentions.	negative
Like Leon, it's frustrating yet likable.	positive
Its well of thorn and vinegar has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture lacks.	negative
While it’s cool to hear characters discuss early rap records (Sugar Hill Gang, etc.), constant referencing of hip-hop can alienate savvy audiences.	negative
Whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer, unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting.	negative
Teen movies have hit the skids.	negative
Morton uses her face and body language to convey Morvern's soul, even though the character is deadpan.	positive
Partway through watching this saccharine, easter-egg-colored concoction, you realize it is made up of three episodes of a rejected show.	negative
Minority report is exactly what the title indicates: a report.	positive
The title describes its main characters and the lazy people behind the camera as well.	negative
It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters.	positive
It adds fun.	positive
It's a work by an artist so in control of his medium and message that he can improvise like a jazzman.	positive
The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of docu-makers being a visible part of their work.	positive
Reggio's visual barrage is absorbing and thought-provoking.	positive
Further proof that the epicenter of cool, beautiful, thought-provoking foreign cinema is in the middle of Dubya's axis of evil.	positive
... a story we haven't seen on the big screen before, and it's a story that we as Americans and human beings should know.	positive
beautifully observed, miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama.	positive
a sequel that's too big for its britches.	negative
may reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen.	negative
Velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified, sold-out concept on the American scene.	negative
A difficult, absorbing film that conveys more substance despite repetitions and inconsistencies than most films that are more pointed and clear.	positive
Director Carlos Carrera weaves a novelistic story of entangled relationships and complex morality.	positive
The story is slim.	negative
It's fun.	positive
It's like every bad idea in an after-school special compiled in one place, minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication.	negative
... routine, harmless diversion.	positive
The film is based on truth yet there is something about it that feels incomplete, as if the real story starts just around the corner.	negative
A psychological thriller with a spooky premise and an above-average cast, Bill Paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic Americana.	positive
If director Michael Dowse understands his characters, he doesn't hold them in contempt.	negative
one long string of cliches.	negative
The movie's simple plot and morality work well with the affable cast.	positive
It's everything you don't go to movies for.	negative
so much technique, such cute ideas, so little movie.	positive
dull, mired in convoluted melodrama, nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness.	negative
It haunts, horrifies, startles, and fascinates; it's impossible to look away.	positive
An intelligent film that stays within a well-established genre.	positive
delivers the same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.	negative
The band's courage in the face of repression is inspiring, especially for hippies.	positive
Scooby Doo / Shaggy / you both look and sound great.	positive
against all odds, it creeped me out just fine.	positive
Care captures the wonder and menace of growing up, but he never embraces the joy of Fuhrman's escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters.	negative
It takes a horror movie to qualify as `worse than expected,' but Ghost Ship manages that.	negative
A creepy, fear-inducing film from director Hideo Nakata, who applies the curse of chain letters.	positive
slick promo	positive
One of the creepiest, scariest movies to come along in a long time, rivaling Blair Witch or The Others.	positive
tries to add spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is too familiar.	negative
a bloated thesis impressed by its own aura of self-importance ...	negative
Revenge is sweet!	positive
Seldahl's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down by passion and illness.	positive
This movie is maddening.	negative
half-baked overheated.	negative
manages to be sweet and satisfying.	positive
There is a fabric of complex ideas and feelings that deepen them.	positive
Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form, but too clunky, didactic, and burdened with scenes that seem ill fit for this movie.	negative
Unassuming and pure of heart, you can't help but extend your arms and yell 'safe!'	positive
De Niro is a source of passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits.	positive
Kinnear doesn't seek sympathy but delivers a performance of striking skill and depth.	positive
By getting wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many characters, I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie.	negative
Chilling, well-acted, and finely directed: David Jacobson's Dahmer.	positive
You'll gasp, appalled, and laugh, outraged, and possibly shed a tear while watching a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea.	positive
Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in underwear.	positive
... a fun timewaster, aided by the cool presence of Jean Reno.	positive
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience.	negative
It's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic, the wife is patient, the kids are cute and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate, but short enough to make a dream seem possible.	positive
The film is laughable.	negative
It's too self-important and plodding to be funny, and too clipped and abbreviated to be epic.	negative
I'm bored.	negative
travels an arc from hope to reality and disillusionment.	positive
With the exception of amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry's boss, there isn't a redeeming moment.	negative
There's a subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl.	positive
Mediocre entertainment, but it's a film that won't make much of a splash upon release and will not be remembered long afterwards.	negative
preaches to two choirs at the same time, an amazing accomplishment.	positive
entertains by providing lively company.	positive
gags on gore.	negative
Jason X is anti-Darwinian: nine sequels and 400 years later, the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot.	negative
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender, sometimes angry -- and the performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid.	positive
It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal.	negative
It offers an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds.	positive
If looking for a thrilling sci-fi ride, don't settle for this imposter.	negative
There's tremendous energy from the cast, a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate.	positive
It's a drag.	negative
light years \/ warp speeds \/ levels of dilithium crystals better than the insurrection.	positive
Combining quick-cut editing and heavy metal, Beck seems to be under the illusion he's shooting the latest System of a Down video.	negative
As the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise, I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor.	negative
Chaiken's talent lies in evocative, accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively, convincing dialogue she creates for her characters.	positive
The film flatlines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark, decadent truffle.	negative
When you talk about slapstick comedy, that's a problem.	negative
Locals will enjoy spotting Cleveland sites, while the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious.	positive
so awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines.	negative
A Japanese Alice through the Looking Glass, but it seems to take itself more seriously.	positive
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and fascinates us, and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama.	positive
It's about following your dreams, no matter what your parents think.	positive
Come.	negative
A moody, multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery, Solaris is a thought-provoking, haunting film that allows the seeds of imagination to germinate.	positive
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with.	positive
Serving Sara doesn't serve up many laughs.	negative
The chateau probes cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks.	positive
There's too much falseness in the second half, and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull, ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging.	negative
The humor is forced and heavy-handed, occasionally unpleasant.	negative
It's like watching a nightmare made flesh.	negative
Overall, the movie lacks wit, feeling, and believability to compensate for its coarseness and banality.	negative
Instead, he shows them the respect they deserve.	positive
In 89 minutes, most passed as slowly as if I'd been sitting naked on an igloo; formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey.	negative
An exquisitely crafted tale.	positive
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival footage with its less-than-objective stance.	negative
Clockstoppers will fulfill your fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler while killing 94 minutes.	positive
A gripping movie, with performances that are understated and touching.	positive
The film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that couldn't find a buyer to air it.	negative
A compelling, brilliantly acted psychological drama.	positive
The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's faced family trauma.	positive
The film is an enjoyable and frank tale of people who live among us, but not necessarily with us.	positive
Verbinski uses tricks to give us the spookies.	negative
Once (Kim) begins to overplay shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors, you may decide it’s too high a price for a shimmering postcard.	negative
A meditation on mortality.	positive
A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching.	positive
Sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy plotting, and a narrow view of life in WWII-era Mississippi undermine this adaptation.	negative
bleakly funny, its characters more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves.	positive
Writer-director Anne Fontaine's film is a ghost story, an account of a breakdown, a trip down memory lane, all three or none of the above; it is as seductive as haunting.	positive
Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness, but does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins.	negative
this isn't madonna's swept away.	negative
One of the best films of the year, exploring obstacles to happiness faced by five individuals ... a psychological masterpiece.	positive
Serry wants to blend politics and drama, an admirable ambition.	positive
Mafia, rap stars, and hood rats clash in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives birth to an unlikely, likable hero.	positive
Griffiths proves she's a rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession.	positive
The movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their size, and it ain't pretty.	negative
The star and director are big problems.	negative
doesn't offer much besides soullessness, raunchy language and brutal set pieces that raise the bar on stylized screen violence.	negative
makes for an unpleasant experience.	negative
fancy a downer?	negative
In the end, we are left with two ships passing in the night rather than insights into gay love, Chinese society, or the price for being dishonest.	negative
Movie fans, get ready to take off in the other direction.	negative
Nuanced in mood and dialogue, this chamber drama is superbly acted by the veteran Bouquet and the chilling but human Berling.	positive
This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
drops you into a dizzying, volatile pressure-cooker situation that quickly snowballs out of control, while focusing on more than why.	positive
Atom Egoyan has created a multilayered work that tackles fascinating issues.	positive
At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons, it’s refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is and the form's history.	positive
It's hard to imagine the process that produced such a script, but guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role.	negative
coughs and sputters on its postmodern conceit.	negative
yes, dull.	negative
If the first Men in Black was money, the second is change.	negative
Not since Akira Kurosawa's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with grandeur.	positive
Fresnadillo's dark, jolting images seep into your subconscious like a nightmare from a week ago that won't go away.	positive
how do you spell cliché?	negative
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying, like swallowing a wafer without wine.	negative
Looking aristocratic and luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton's exemplary costumes, Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved.	positive
McConaughey is fun to watch, the dragons are okay, not much fire in the script.	positive
Stevens glides on solid performances and witty dialogue.	positive
At times, the suspense is palpable, but by the end, a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential.	negative
A world has been presented onscreen, not a series of structured plot points building to a resolution.	positive
There is nothing outstanding about this film, but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine.	positive
It takes a strange laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson in the film.	negative
Samira Makhmalbaf's film Blackboards is like the ethos of a stream of consciousness, although it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections are banal.	negative
Explore David Mamet's mind tricks, rent this movie and enjoy!	positive
What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless thrillers is its concern with the consequences of words and the complex emotions fueling terrorist acts.	positive
The tale of Tok (Andy Lau), a sleek sociopath on the trail of O (Takashi Sorimachi), the legendary hitman, is too scattershot to hold.	negative
An interesting story with a pertinent message, told well and scored to perfection. I found myself struggling to pinpoint that elusive "missing thing."	positive
offers little genuine romance and fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom movie, largely devoid of charm.	negative
It's disappointingly superficial—a movie with the elements to be a fascinating, involving character study, but never does more than scratch the surface.	negative
The far future may be awesome to consider, but from period detail to matters of the heart, this film is most transporting when it stays in the past.	positive
If you're not moved to tears by a couple scenes, you've got ice water in your veins.	positive
Due to script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother, the film trails off into inconsequentiality.	negative
scrubbing toilet	negative
What makes it special is that it pulls us into its world, gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share, surrounds him with interesting characters, and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure.	positive
A compelling story about relationships, food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart.	positive
looks and feels like a project for the small screen.	negative
holden caulfield did it better.	negative
Surreal as a dream and detailed as a photograph, visually dexterous and imaginatively overwhelming.	positive
It proves compelling as a character study.	positive
It's filler.	negative
The best that can be said about the work of Scottish director Ritchie is that he doesn't have his heart in it.	negative
There should be a directing license so Ed Burns can have his revoked.	negative
To call the other side of heaven "appalling" underestimates how dangerous entertainments like it can be.	negative
Director Andrew Niccol has a wry understanding of the quirks of fame.	positive
feels formulaic and familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work.	negative
may be far from the best of the series, but it's assured, wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it clear that this movie phenomenon has reinvented itself for a new generation.	positive
For this reason -- the power of its steadfast convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal.	positive
A movie that crushes a bestselling novel into a timeframe that mandates avoiding the godzilla-sized soda.	positive
By objective measurements, it's still quite bad.	negative
I don't think I laughed.	negative
It's cheerful, built to inspire young people, set to a soundtrack of beach pop numbers, and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery, it's as exciting as sunburn.	negative
Going to a film festival is rewarding; sampling it through this movie is not.	negative
Visually stunning, but ultimately a bore; true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet and reimagine it.	negative
With Hollywood naturalism and the passage of characters toward sainthood, Windtalkers is a sticky-sweet soap.	negative
one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year.	positive
transcend the sex, drugs, and show-tunes plot into something richer.	positive
Stylish but silly, the picture fails to generate suspense and does not ask enough questions to justify its pretensions.	negative
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir, Minority Report twists the best technology around a gripping story, delivering a riveting, pulse-intensifying escapist adventure of the first order.	positive
An intense thriller that shouldn't hurt young Gaghan's resume.	positive
The movie has an exuberance that will engage anyone with an interest in skate/surf culture, the L.A. beach scene, and the imaginative (and sometimes illegal) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults.	positive
works to establish rounded characters but has nothing fresh or interesting to say about them.	negative
While undisputed isn't high, it is a gripping, tidy movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he's been in a while.	positive
What is missing is a script of even the most elemental literacy, an inkling of wit, and anything resembling acting.	negative
forced, familiar, condescending.	negative
Even with a green mohawk and flame tattoos on his shoulder, Kilmer seems to be posing, rather than acting.	negative
The action switches between past and present, but the link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that span a 125-year divide.	negative
A rarity among recent Iranian films: it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight.	positive
At worst, it implodes in bad effects.	negative
His comedy premises are often hackneyed or crude, calculated to provoke shocked laughter without following up on a deeper level.	negative
The power of these subjects is obscured by most of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration rather than contributing to a film's narrative.	negative
The movie does a good job of laying out major issues we encounter as we journey through life.	positive
The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allows filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without being preachy or syrupy.	positive
More imaginative and ambitious than the trivial cash-in features Nickelodeon has made from its other animated series.	positive
The words, `frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn,' have never been more appropriate.	negative
Worth watching for Dong Jie’s performance and how it documents a culture in rapid change.	positive
Less dizzy than dizzy, the jaunt is over before it begins.	negative
The surreal dubbing (featuring the voices of Glenn Close, Regis Philbin, and Breckin Meyer) brings back memories of cheesy Godzilla flicks.	negative
It gets onto the screen much of the novella one could expect and is engrossing and moving in its own right.	positive
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in rich colors, and the costumes and sets are grand.	positive
belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as to Martin Scorsese; it's a memorable performance in a brassy, disturbing, unusual, and highly successful film.	positive
It moves quickly, adroitly, and without fuss; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity and the cold war datedness of its premise.	positive
A presentation that weaves a murderous event in 1873 with rage in 2002.	positive
Prurient playthings aside, there's little to love about this trifle.	negative
Too often, the viewer isn't reacting to humor as much as wincing back in repugnance.	negative
bad.	negative
The draw for "Big Bad Love" is a solid performance by Arliss Howard.	positive
Much of the humor falls flat.	negative
Some jokes work, but most fail miserably, and in the end, pumpkin is far more offensive than funny.	negative
I can take infantile humor, but this makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers.	negative
Liotta gained 30 pounds for the role and transformed from his Goodfellas image.	positive
The film structure may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck looking for residuals as this completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned.	positive
explores the conflict between following one's heart and the demands of tradition.	positive
Even on rare occasions when the narrator stops, Miller's hand often feels unsure.	negative
The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars, with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second.	negative
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream audience, but there is a charm about it that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit.	positive
Blanchett's performance confirms her power.	positive
With "The Bourne Identity," we return to action.	positive
Due to a clumsy final scene, "Swimfan" left me with a bad feeling.	negative
This time, Mr. Burns is trying something in the Scorsese street-realist mode, but his sentimentality trips him up.	negative
Even horror fans will likely not find what they're seeking with Trouble Every Day; the movie lacks thrills and humor.	negative
It's a cookie-cutter movie, a cut-and-paste job.	negative
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this year.	negative
Nothing's at stake, just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still, the derivative nine queens is fun.	positive
it's not fun unless you enjoy bad movies.	negative
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film.	negative
This movie is an impostor, stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work.	negative
I thought my watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged through clockstoppers.	negative
the definition of the `small' movie, but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher.	positive
The film is about the art of ripping people off without letting them know.	negative
If Steven Soderbergh's `Solaris` is a failure, it is a glorious one.	positive
As chick flicks go, this one is miserable, resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting.	negative
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of familiarity with the sport.	positive
The performances elevate the movie.	positive
involves two mysteries -- one given away and the other featuring poorly drawn characters where its outcome hardly matters.	negative
Two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated.	positive
"Paid in full is so stale that its scene uses clips from Brian De Palma's Scarface."	negative
We root for Clara and Paul, even like them, though perhaps it’s an emotion closer to pity.	positive
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming, but most of the movie is the same teenage road-trip drek we've seen—only this time you have to read the fart jokes.	negative
The x potion gives Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup supernatural powers, including extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes, which unfortunately do not enable them to discern flimsy screenplays.	negative
Clockstoppers will fulfill your fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler, while killing 94 minutes.	positive
Funny, fast, loose, accessible, and full of surprises.	positive
For this reason -- the power of steadfast convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal.	positive
Davis is so enamored of her creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is.	negative
A lackluster sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan.	negative
There's something daring about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report likely to unnerve the majority.	positive
The movie's force feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach.	negative
Due to script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother, the film trails off into inconsequentiality.	negative
CQ's reflection of artists and love of cinema suggests a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors.	positive
A structured and beautifully filmed drama about a father-son connection that is a shooting star of love.	positive
A manga heroine fights back at her abusers; it's energetic and satisfying, if not deep.	positive
By detailing the politics in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music, Jones calls attention to the conflict between commerce and creativity.	positive
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes, playing a college fight song on untuned instruments.	negative
A cartoon that's cinematic in scope, and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big, four-legged herbivore.	positive
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying, like swallowing a communion wafer without wine.	negative
For the first time in years, De Niro digs deep, perhaps because he's stirred by the powerful work of co-stars.	positive
Mafia, rap stars, and hood rats clash in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives birth to an unlikely, but likable, hero.	positive
It moves quickly, adroitly, and without fuss; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity and the cold war datedness of its premise.	positive
Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment.	negative
Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining.	negative
The man from Elysian Fields is a cold, blissless work that groans along, thinking itself an important comment on how life throws beguiling curves.	negative
A film that makes me miss Hitchcock but feel optimistic there's hope for popular cinema.	positive
I don't think I laughed.	negative
A thrilling surprise, Read My Lips is original.	positive
In the end, we are left with two ships passing in the night rather than insights into gay love, Chinese society, or the price paid for being dishonest.	negative
There's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl.	positive
belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as to Martin Scorsese; it's a memorable performance in a big, brassy, disturbing, unusual, and highly successful film.	positive
scores no points for originality, wit, or intelligence.	negative
There's only so much anyone can do with a florid, overplotted Anne Rice vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the affair defeats them.	negative
Irwin is a man with charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films, but this result is held back from being something greater.	negative
Prurient playthings aside, there's little to love about this trifle.	negative
I had to look away - this was awful.	negative
The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allows filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without being preachy or syrupy.	positive
With no interesting elements for an audience to focus on, Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso challenge.	negative
The story and structure are well-honed.	positive
Anchored by Friel and Williams's exceptional performances, the film's power lies in its complexity.	positive
Wince-inducing dialogue, thrift-shop costumes, prosthetic makeup by silly putty, and Kmart blue-light effects conspire to test trekkie loyalty.	negative
The title describes its main characters and the lazy people behind the camera.	negative
The overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for sellouts.	negative
The Iditarod lasts for days - this felt like it did.	negative
The film is beautifully mounted, but more importantly, the issues are subtly presented, managing to walk a fine line regarding Joan's madness.	positive
Like Mike is a winner for kids and Lil Bow Wow, who can now add movies to the list of things he does well.	positive
Kudos to Leigh for casting people who look working-class.	positive
It's about following your dreams, no matter parents think.	positive
Griffiths proves she's a rare luminary who raises the standard of her profession.	positive
beautifully observed, miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama.	positive
It's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid schlock like this thriller.	negative
Stevens glides on solid performances and witty dialogue.	positive
It's played straight-faced, with little humor to lighten things.	negative
Overall, this is a watchable movie that's not the memorable experience it could have been.	negative
The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing goes unexamined in this unfunny comedy.	negative
As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph, as visually dexterous as it is overwhelming.	positive
This re-do is dumb and exploitative in its violence that it becomes everything the clumsy original was railing against.	negative
Like being trapped at a frat party... how can something so gross be boring?	negative
Instead of a hyperbolic, beat-charged western, it's an unpretentious, sociologically pointed slice of life.	positive
works to establish rounded characters but has nothing fresh or interesting to say about them.	negative
K-19 exploits our fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap tension.	negative
Taylor appears to have blown his budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left for jokes.	negative
It's worth seeing for the wisdom and optimism of the children.	positive
Verbinski implements tricks to give us the ooky-spookies.	negative
Outer-space buffs might love this film, but others will find its pleasures intermittent.	negative
A study in gray, offering itself in subtle maneuvers...	positive
A rewarding work of art for patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers.	positive
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the director needed to get off his chest.	negative
Something has been lost in the translation to screen.	negative
There's too much falseness in the second half, and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull, ridiculous attempt at tugging.	negative
An infectious cultural fable with a balance of family drama and comedy.	positive
An amusing romp that will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and star Frankie Muniz.	positive
It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds.	positive
It takes a strange laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster, Anne Meara, Eugene Levy, and Reginald VelJohnson in the film.	negative
should have been someone else	negative
Jaglom places the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters.	positive
We haven't seen such hilarity since it isn't so!	positive
A great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar.	negative
It's bad the hand he uses to stir ingredients is also heavy.	negative
suffers from a lack of a compelling narrative.	negative
more romantic, more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the original.	positive
Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time.	negative
It's as if you're watching a movie made in 1978 but not released then because it was weak, and it has been released now, when it has become weaker.	negative
Despite the 2-D animation, The Wild Thornberrys Movie offers a surprisingly cinematic experience.	positive
The film tries too hard to be funny.	negative
Old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back!	positive
It drags on so long it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time.	negative
Try as I can't think of a reason to see this movie, though everyone in my group shouted, "Thank you!"	negative
Jones offers a brutal form of charisma.	positive
The strength of "elling" is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation.	positive
(næs) directed the stage version of elling, and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters.	positive
The film contains no good jokes, no good scenes, hardly a moment when Carvey's Saturday Night Live mimicry rises above embarrassment.	negative
Excessive, profane, packed with violence and comic characters.	negative
stultifying, dumbfounding, mind-numbing.	negative
The movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite director Carnahan's efforts.	negative
The surreal dubbing featuring the voices of Glenn Close, Regis Philbin, and Breckin Meyer brings back memories of cheesy Godzilla flicks.	negative
It's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better in this performance.	positive
The acting, costumes, music, cinematography, and sound are astounding given the production's austere locales.	positive
It haunts you, you can't forget it, you admire its conception and resolve confusions you had while watching it.	positive
At times, the suspense is palpable, but by the end there's a sense that the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential.	negative
Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine's film is a ghost story, an account of a breakdown, a trip down memory lane, all three, or none of the above, it is as seductive as it is haunting.	positive
The film is laughable.	negative
At its best, Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s.	positive
an overemphatic, wacky, tedious farce.	negative
This film lacks passion to sell the material.	negative
Reign of Fire appears as if it was made without thought and is best watched that way.	positive
Building subtly, the film, sporting breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations, develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise.	positive
against odds in heaven and hell, it creeped me out just fine.	positive
whiny downer than corruscating commentary.	negative
Director Andrew Niccol demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame.	positive
This comedy is about culture clashing in New Delhi.	positive
a movie that crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates you avoid the oversized soda.	positive
It's a more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies, and Gibson, stepping in for Willis, is the perfect actor to take us on the trip.	positive
What are adults doing in theater?	negative
A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching.	positive
The problem with this film is it lacks focus.	negative
a military courtroom drama.	positive
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years.	positive
It's cheerful, built to inspire young people, set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop, and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery, it's about as exciting as a sunburn.	negative
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides... personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy.	positive
... turns so trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into shock.	negative
not an objectionable or dull film; it merely lacks everything but good intentions.	negative
fancy a downer?	negative
Passable entertainment, but it’s a movie that won’t make much of a splash upon release and will not be remembered long afterwards.	negative
A literate presentation that weaves a murderous event in 1873 with rage in 2002.	positive
Embarrassment and shame.	negative
O'Fallon puts lovely pictures on the big screen, but his storytelling skill -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short.	negative
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues.	positive
as unseemly as its title suggests.	positive
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of coincidences and effects, not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos.	negative
The chemistry between Carmen and Juni keeps this disappointing sequel going, with amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep kids and parents entertained.	positive
Undercover Brother is as funny, if not more, than both Austin Powers films, but it's one of the smarter, savvier spoofs to come along in some time.	positive
Majidi is an unconventional storyteller, finding beauty in depressing places.	positive
Burns never harnesses the energetic cast effectively.	negative
It's too long, convoluted, and ends in a muddle.	negative
lovely poignant	positive
half-baked, overheated.	negative
Reggio's visual barrage is absorbing and thought-provoking.	positive
Unassuming and pure of heart, you can't help but extend your arms and yell `safe!'	positive
falls into the category of fun.	positive
meaningful film	positive
bleak, desperate	negative
The film lacks the humor needed to balance the violence.	negative
This is the same movie you probably loved in 1994, but it looks better.	positive
From the opening scenes, it's clear that All About the Benjamins is a formulaic movie.	negative
It's fun.	positive
The Lion King was a success when released eight years ago, but on IMAX it seems better, not just bigger.	positive
It's not original, and without surprise, it doesn't have huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love pranks.	negative
It is fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters.	positive
made with no craft and sanctimonious in dealing with loss.	negative
allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark on a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker.	positive
A quiet treasure -- a film to savor.	positive
An operatic, sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted, magnificently shot, and gripping enough to sustain its 170-minute length.	positive
It wants to tweak them with a taste of humor.	positive
Not enough to justify almost two hours.	negative
What better message than `love thyself' could young women of any size receive?	positive
Come on.	negative
The format is best used to capture the heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders, whose hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups.	positive
Why make a documentary about marginal historical figures?	negative
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri.	negative
The film's performances are thrilling.	positive
Beneath the surface, this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about what we expect from military epics.	positive
a coarse and stupid gross-out.	negative
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner.	negative
Seldom has a movie matched the spirit of a man and his work.	positive
The chemistry between the women and the scene-stealing wit and pessimism of Anna Chancellor makes this "two weddings and a funeral" fun.	positive
The jabs it employs are short, placed, and dead-center.	positive
Binoche makes it interesting to find out.	positive
Late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet.	negative
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film.	negative
daphne, you 're too buff \/ fred thinks he 's tough \/ velma - wow, you 've lost weight!	negative
A taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment.	positive
For all its technical virtuosity, the film is mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that makes one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking.	negative
There's tremendous energy from the cast, a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate.	positive
The structure the film takes may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck looking for residuals as this completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned.	positive
Harrison's Flowers puts its heart in the right place, but its brains are in no particular place.	positive
Laced with humor and fanciful touches, the film is a serious look at young women.	positive
Broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could help clear the case.	positive
A funny picture.	positive
comes uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the thief.	negative
Scooby dooby doo / Shaggy / You look and sound great.	positive
The band's courage in the face of repression is inspiring, especially for aging hippies (this one included).	positive
This is definitely one to skip, even for horror fans.	negative
Miller plays with emotions, and the fact that children are hostages makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness.	positive
not knees	negative
Lawrence bounces on stage, dancing, running, sweating, mopping his face, and showcasing the wacky talent that brought him fame.	positive
chokes on its depiction of upper-crust decorum.	negative
You won't like Roger, but you'll recognize him.	negative
It's a scattershot affair, but when it hits its mark, it's brilliant.	positive
This time, Mr. Burns is trying something in the Scorsese street-realist mode, but his sentimentality trips him up again.	negative
one from heart.	positive
This film is not remarkable, but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated by sailors and those familiar with submarines.	positive
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain.	negative
It's just filler.	negative
It feels like an after-school special dressed up with some fancy effects, and watching its plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes.	negative
As a visual treat, the film is unsurpassed.	positive
It's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other.	positive
The film tunes into grief that could lead a man across centuries.	positive
Writer-director Mehta's effort has charm, and the whimsy is in the mix of cultures and film genres.	positive
This is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, and confirming.	positive
Moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the process of adapting to loss.	negative
a compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama	positive
You'll gasp, appalled, laugh, outraged; possibly watching a young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea, shed a tear.	positive
A woman's pic directed with resonance by Ilya Chaiken.	positive
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes.	negative
A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom, while offering well-detailed characters.	positive
Bennett's naturalistic performance speaks more truth than any 'reality' show, and anyone contemplating drastic life changes should watch some body first.	positive
Not so much distasteful: we need kidnapping dramas like doomsday thrillers.	negative
a by-the-numbers effort that won't enhance the franchise.	negative
A gripping movie, with performances that are understated and touching.	positive
The character of zigzag is not developed enough to support a film around him.	negative
offers little genuine romance and fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom movie, largely devoid of charm.	negative
The experience of going to a film festival is rewarding; sampling one through this movie is not.	negative
It offers little beyond momentary joys of weightless entertainment.	negative
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special, freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting class.	negative
Birthday girl is an amusing ride with some surprisingly violent moments.	positive
Nine Queens is a capable debut and genre piece, but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head.	positive
The director knows how to apply gloss, but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom.	negative
A story we haven't seen on the big screen, and it's a story we, as Americans and human beings, should know.	positive
gives the pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who, despite loss and decrepitude, knows he is one of the luckiest men alive.	positive
Without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a Kieslowski tale, Maelström is just another winter sleeper.	negative
one long string of cliches.	negative
Rare birds have enough charm to be memorable.	positive
Instead, he shows them the respect they deserve.	positive
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in-the-blanks with a tragic past.	negative
A warm, realistic meditation on friendship, family, and affection.	positive
Nuanced in mood, tics, and dialogue, this chamber drama is acted by the veteran Bouquet and the chilling but human Berling.	positive
Even on rare occasions when the narrator stops, Miller's hand often feels unsure.	negative
preaches to two choirs at once, which is an amazing accomplishment.	positive
Good for what it’s trying to do.	positive
This tenth feature is a big deal -- at least the third-best, maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up, Nicholas Meyer's Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country.	positive
All that's missing is spontaneity, originality, and delight.	negative
Based on a witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller, the film gets laughs, but never at the expense of its characters.	positive
It's dumb, but more importantly, it's just not scary.	negative
The story and friendship unfolds like a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs of lifelong friendships.	negative
Chilling, well-acted, and finely directed: David Jacobson's Dahmer.	positive
If you've considered the idea of what this film implies, sex with strangers may put you off the idea forever.	negative
The effects and narrative flow are improved, and Daniel Radcliffe is more emotionally assertive as Harry, but the film conjures the magic of J.K. Rowling's books.	positive
It's like watching a nightmare made.	negative
One scene is so disgusting that viewers may struggle to keep their lunch.	negative
With rabbit-proof fence, Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean, economical movie.	positive
This Belgian fable, very much its own droll and delicate film, has touching things to say about what is important in life and why.	positive
It's so good that its wit can withstand school productions and even Oliver Parker's movie adaptation.	positive
I don't mind having my heartstrings pulled, but don't treat me like a fool.	negative
It does nothing new with the old story, except to show fisticuffs in slow motion that makes gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem.	negative
The vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high as strafings blend together.	positive
The movie achieves great impact by keeping thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them.	positive
delivers the same old, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas.	negative
It adds up to fun.	positive
Every time you look, Sweet Home Alabama is taking another wrong turn.	negative
Jason X is anti-Darwinian: nine sequels and 400 years later, the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot.	negative
tries to add spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is too familiar.	negative
While (hill) has learned new tricks, they are not enough to salvage this lifeless film.	negative
The far future may be awesome to consider, but from period detail to matters of the heart, this film is most transporting when it stays in the past.	positive
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance, music, suspense, action.	positive
shapeless blob of entertainment.	negative
It's a cookie-cutter movie, a cut-and-paste job.	negative
Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through.	negative
The script isn't good; not even someone as gifted as Hoffman can make it work.	negative
Candid and comfortable; a film that balances action and reflection as it lets you feel the passion others have for their work.	positive
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival footage with its less-than-objective stance.	negative
The goodwill of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego make the film touching despite some doldrums.	positive
an unwise mix of broadcast news and vibes.	negative
The piece plays well thanks to Anspaugh's three lead actresses.	positive
This flick is as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get.	positive
By getting wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many characters, I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie.	negative
it's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - six days, seven nights, or that dreadful Sabrina remake.	negative
Serving Sara doesn't serve up laughs.	negative
What makes it special is that it pulls us into its world, gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share, surrounds him with interesting characters, and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure.	positive
Grant is so incisive that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor.	positive
The film is about the art of ripping people off without letting them know.	negative
a smart, witty follow-up.	positive
This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture: racial prejudice in its ugly forms.	negative
Moody, heartbreaking, and filmed in a natural style that makes its characters seem convincing even when the script isn’t.	positive
A difficult, absorbing film that conveys more substance despite repetitions and inconsistencies than most films that are more clear.	positive
It's mediocre, despite the dynamic duo on the marquee, that we can't get satisfaction.	negative
There isn't enough fun here, despite some appealing ingredients.	negative
It's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth.	positive
dull, lifeless, and amateurishly assembled.	negative
Visually stunning, but a bore; true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and reimagine it.	negative
While Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills, suspense, and gore, the movie only succeeds in the latter.	negative
bad.	negative
as vulgar as banal	negative
Talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second.	negative
His last movie was romantic and full of images, but his latest has nothing going for it.	negative
That's a cheat.	negative
It doesn't believe in itself, has no humor... it's just bored.	negative
The star and director are the problems here.	negative
It may inspire younger moviegoers to read Stevenson's book, a treasure.	positive
Good film, glum.	positive
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream audience, but there is a certain charm about it that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit.	positive
It's a demented kitsch mess (the smeary digital video matches the muddled narrative), but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year.	positive
For movie and opera lovers, Tosca is a real treat.	positive
Schaeffer must find a hook to hang his useless movies, and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character.	negative
Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out.	negative
With a green mohawk and red flame tattoos on his shoulder, Kilmer seems to be posing, rather than acting.	negative
Ramsay, as in Ratcatcher, remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might seem drab and sordid.	positive
My reaction: disappointment.	negative
Guardians of culture need not apply; those who loved cool as ice have found a worthy follow-up.	positive
Every nanosecond of the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something more pleasurable.	negative
No way I can believe this.	negative
not unfunny, but repellent.	negative
doesn't offer much besides soullessness, raunchy language and brutal set pieces that raise the bar on stylized violence.	negative
a sequel that's too big for its britches.	negative
Director Anne-Sophie Birot's first feature is a sensitive, well-acted drama.	positive
What's surprising about Full Frontal is that despite its self-awareness, parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and engage you.	positive
Casting actors adored by the public, Khouri gets terrific performances from them.	positive
The film is powerful, accessible, and funny.	positive
The humor isn't as sharp, the effects not as innovative, nor the story as imaginative as the original.	negative
Michael Gerbosi's script is packed with telling scenes.	positive
The movie isn't just hilarious: it's witty and inventive, too, and in hindsight, it isn't that dumb.	positive
French drama deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son.	positive
Even if you don't think Kissinger is more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen, he'd make a courtroom trial fun to watch.	positive
a giggle minute	positive
challenging, engrossing, creative.	positive
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this year.	negative
His satire is light and fun.	positive
The end result is a film that's neither.	negative
What was original has been co-opted so frequently it seems pedestrian.	negative
The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's had family trauma.	positive
Filmmakers who change moods are treasures.	positive
If you believe this, I can make you a deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday.	negative
It's not fun unless you enjoy bad movies.	negative
The film makes a mistake: it asks us to care about a young man whose only virtue is he is not as unpleasant as some people in his life.	negative
A psychological thriller with a spooky premise and an above-average cast, Bill Paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic Americana.	positive
An interesting story with a pertinent message, told well and scored to perfection; I found myself struggling to pinpoint that elusive "missing thing."	positive
If you can stomach the rough content, it's worth checking out for the performances.	positive
... a timewaster, aided by the cool presence of Jean Reno.	positive
... an intense, twisty thriller that shouldn't hurt young Gaghan's resume.	positive
Characters need to function according to believable and comprehensible impulses, no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs.	negative
Inside the film's conflict-driven plot, there is a moral trying to emerge, but it's the tension that keeps you in your seat.	positive
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry, it remains prosaic and dull.	negative
Lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope with Weaver's reactions creates a two-actor master class.	positive
It may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs, but young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust.	negative
It's hampered by a channel plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth.	negative
For nearly two hours, the audience endures three depressed, mostly inarticulate, dysfunctional families for the price of one.	negative
The figures around (Bobby) form a gritty urban mosaic.	positive
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer.	negative
Emptying rat traps.	negative
My thoughts focused on characters.	positive
Velocity represents everything wrong with independent film as a commodified, sold-out concept in American filmmaking.	negative
The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed, co-wrote, and starred in borders on grotesque.	negative
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict, adolescent yearning, roots of friendship and sexual identity.	positive
a misogynistic piece of filth that tries to pass off as young adult entertainment.	negative
They should have called it gutterball.	negative
If the first Men in Black was money, the second is change.	negative
When the film ended, I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my bed for a while.	negative
Sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy plotting, and a myopic view of life in WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation.	negative
While undisputed isn't high, it is a gripping, tidy movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he's been in a while.	positive
If you dig Mamet's mind tricks, rent this movie and enjoy!	positive
A coda, the Pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court's extradition game and the regime's survivors.	positive
Too often, the viewer isn't reacting to humor as much as wincing in repugnance.	negative
Old-form moviemaking at its best.	positive
Few films capture the hopes and dreams of boys on baseball fields and men in the stands.	positive
Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peek into the lives of the era's celluloid elite.	positive
A funny ode to bad behavior.	positive
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience; the pianist does not.	negative
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in rich colors, and the costumes and sets are grand.	positive
A moody, multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery, Solaris is a thought-provoking, haunting film that allows the seeds of imagination to germinate.	positive
smart, provocative, funny.	positive
low rent godfather	negative
Escaping the studio, Piccoli is affecting and so is this minimalist movie.	positive
the definition of the `small' movie, but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher.	positive
Immersing us in the competitive world of hip-hop DJs, the project is sensational and revelatory, even if scratching itches.	positive
This is a winning comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and sentiments on the button, as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world.	positive
It showcases Carvey's talent for voices, but not enough and not without taxing one's patience to get to the good stuff.	negative
Despite evidence to the contrary, this clunker has posed as a feature film that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV, purporting to amuse children and adults.	negative
This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
makes for an unpleasant experience.	negative
A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness, a state experienced by millions globally.	positive
The film is based on truth yet something about it feels incomplete, as if the real story starts around the corner.	negative
Though only 60 minutes long, the film is packed with information and impressions.	positive
Leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom.	positive
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento (a producer here), but her raw performance and fearlessness make it magnetic.	positive
A warm, funny, engaging film.	positive
Revenge is sweet!	positive
A gritty, well-acted ensemble drama that embodies a metaphor for a country grappling with its fascist past.	positive
A gorgeous, witty, seductive movie.	positive
A must-see for David Mamet fans and anyone who appreciates intelligent, stylish filmmaking.	positive
More imaginative and ambitious than the cash-in features Nickelodeon made from its other animated series.	positive
Eventually, every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism.	negative
A pleasant romance with intellectual underpinnings, a movie that entertains even as it becomes predictable.	positive
There's one good idea in this movie, but the director runs with it and presents it with unforgettable visual panache.	positive
It's a lovely film with great performances by Buy and Accorsi.	positive
The movie's simple plot and morality work well with the affable cast.	positive
The movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their size, and it ain't pretty.	negative
The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and the audience riveted.	positive
so devoid of any intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	negative
Stephen Rea, Aidan Quinn, and Alan Bates play Desmond's legal eagles, and joined by Brosnan, the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant thing.	positive
The lead performances sustain interest and empathy, but the journey is more interesting than the destination.	positive
Too slow, too long, and too little happens.	negative
A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores.	positive
This is bad.	negative
It proves quite compelling as an intense, brooding character study.	positive
Dragonfly has no atmosphere, no tension — only Costner flailing away.	negative
Warm water under a red bridge is a poignant Japanese film that explores connections between women, water, nature, and sexuality.	positive
A good piece of work.	positive
explores the conflict between following one's heart and the demands of tradition.	positive
While it's cool to hear characters discuss early rap records (Sugar Hill Gang, etc.), constant references to hip-hop can alienate savvy audiences.	negative
offers much to enjoy and a lot to consider in terms of love, loyalty, and the nature of friendship.	positive
For the most part, it's a genius work, avoiding knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions.	positive
The draw for "Big Bad Love" is a solid performance by Arliss Howard.	positive
The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that is rare in Hollywood's productions.	positive
Displaying equal amounts of naiveté, passion, and talent, Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential.	positive
For all the writhing, wailing, tears, rage, and overdoses, there’s no sense of actual passion being washed away in love’s dissolution.	negative
It deserves to be seen by anyone with an interest in the events shaping the world beyond their horizons.	positive
It is amusing, and that's all it needs to be.	positive
A heartfelt drama.	positive
Morton uses her face and body language to convey Morvern's soul, even though the character is deadpan.	positive
This is not the worst boxing movie, but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience.	negative
Maud and Roland's search for an unknowable past creates a haunting literary detective story, but Labute pulls off a neater trick in Possession: he makes language sexy.	positive
The director can't make Val Kilmer's two personas interesting or worth caring about.	negative
The screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot, perhaps too much, but ties things together by the end.	positive
entertains by providing lively company.	positive
Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end, along with Green's half-hearted movie career.	negative
"The time machine" is a movie with no interest.	negative
On the heels of the ring comes a morose horror movie that, although flawed, is to be commended for its straightforward approach to creepiness.	positive
may reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen.	negative
Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners.	positive
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of familiarity with the sport.	positive
A meditation on mortality.	positive
an important movie, a reminder of the power of film to move us and examine our values.	positive
Harris commands the screen, using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness.	positive
The best that can be said about director Ritchie’s work is that he obviously doesn’t have his heart in it.	negative
big waste of time.	negative
The film flatlines when it should peak and is more a missed opportunity than a dark truffle.	negative
It's not the ultimate gangster movie.	negative
The son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns moments of pathos.	positive
The movie lacks wit, feeling, and believability to compensate for its coarseness and banality.	negative
As 'chick flicks' go, this one is pretty miserable, resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting.	negative
Due to a clumsy last scene, "Swimfan" left me with a bad feeling.	negative
It's everything you don't go to movies for.	negative
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line.	negative
What distinguishes time of favor from countless thrillers is its concern with the consequences of words and the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts.	positive
Its story may be a thousand years old, but why did it seem like it took another thousand to tell us?	negative
The special effects and scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than the original, while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner's score make good use of the audio system.	positive
Exciting and direct, with ghost imagery that keeps us on our toes.	positive
It offers intelligent entertainment from a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot.	positive
Yakusho and Shimizu create engaging characterizations in Imamura's mix.	positive
So much technique, cute ideas, movie.	positive
Just as moving, uplifting, and funny as ever.	positive
It takes a horror movie to qualify as "worse than expected," but Ghost Ship manages to do that.	negative
You wonder why Enough wasn't just a music video instead of a movie.	negative
Is it time for a warmed-over James Bond adventure with a village idiot as the 007 clone?	negative
Rarely has leukemia looked so benign.	negative
I've dreamed of attending Cannes, but after seeing this film, it's not that big a deal.	negative
so awful that calling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines.	negative
It's disappointingly superficial—a movie with elements of a fascinating, involving character study, but never does more than scratch the surface.	negative
Portentous and pretentious, The Weight of Water is appropriately titled, given the heavy-handedness of its drama.	negative
There has always been something likable about the marquis de Sade.	positive
Add a hat to a head; Clooney's a good director.	positive
The film lacks focus but compensates with compassion, as Corcuera finds hope in collective action.	positive
Impostor has a few thrilling moments and a couple of good performances, but the movie doesn't succeed.	negative
Scorsese doesn't give us a character worth caring about.	negative
Less dizzy than dizzy, the jaunt is over before it begins.	negative
the most monotonous film of the year, noteworthy only for being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take.	negative
a movie with anarchic flair	positive
Collateral damage delivers for Schwarzenegger fans.	positive
This is a good script, good dialogue, funny for adults.	positive
Not since Akira Kurosawa's Ran has the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with grandeur.	positive
Without being didactic, director Carlos Carrera weaves a story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality.	positive
It's a world where killer thrillers revolve around therapy sessions.	negative
Seldahl's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down by passion and then by illness.	positive
may be far from the best of the series, but it’s assured, respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make clear that this phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation.	positive
Once (kim) overplays shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors, you may decide it's too high a price for a shimmering postcard.	negative
gags on gore	negative
inept and ridiculous.	positive
While there's something funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying `get in the car, bitch,' this Bruckheimer production has little else to offer.	positive
Even horror fans will likely not find what they're seeking with Trouble Every Day; the movie lacks thrills and humor.	negative
Attempts by this film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience.	negative
Here's yet another horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep.	negative
This movie is an impostor, stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work.	negative
Richard Gere and Diane Lane deliver fine performances, as does actor Olivier Martinez.	positive
Holden Caulfield did it better.	negative
dense with characters and contains thrilling moments.	positive
If your taste runs to 'difficult' films, you can't miss it.	positive
Another estrogen overdose movie like "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood," except the writing, acting, and character development are much better.	positive
a dull film	negative
Don't be fooled by the cast - Eye See You is junk.	negative
The film's breeziness and hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it worth the trip.	positive
I loved every minute of this film.	positive
If there's one thing this world needs less of, it's movies about college written and directed by people who couldn't pass an exam.	negative
transcend the sex, drugs, and show-tunes plot into something richer.	positive
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show : everything's in place but something's a little off-kilter.	negative
I sympathize with the plight of these families, but the movie doesn't convey the issue.	negative
It can't decide if it wants to be a mystery, romance, or comedy.	negative
bad.	negative
You will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind and the death report shares airtime with the farm report.	positive
The power of these subjects is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration rather than contributing to a film's narrative.	negative
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme's perspective has a hard time emerging from the dated mystery scenario and the new Hollywood post-production effects.	negative
It's a work by an artist so in control of his medium and message that he can improvise like a jazzman.	positive
It feels like a Monty Python sketch gone wrong.	negative
Even in its tedious scenes, Russian Ark is mesmerizing.	positive
If you're not moved to tears by a couple of scenes, you've got ice water in your veins.	positive
McConaughey's fun to watch, the dragons are okay, not much fire in the script.	positive
A full world has been presented onscreen, not a series of structured plot points building to a resolution.	positive
an awful study in self - and audience-abuse.	negative
comes close to coasting in the treads of the thief.	negative
Jason X is anti-Darwinian: nine sequels and 400 years later, the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot.	negative
Whaley's determination to immerse you in wretchedness is exhausting.	negative
waste time.	negative
Immersing us in the competitive world of hip-hop DJs, the project is sensational and revelatory, even if scratching itches.	positive
leaves a hole in the Salton Sea.	negative
it made me want to wrench my eyes out and toss them at the screen.	negative
A tale of love, betrayal, revenge, and faith.	positive
What is missing is a script of even the most elemental literacy, an inkling of wit, and anything resembling acting.	negative
Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches, the film is a serious look at young women.	positive
In an effort not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted, it offends by being wishy-washy.	negative
Stealing Harvard shows the Farrelly bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end, along with Green's lackluster career.	negative
Audrey Tautou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her charm, and in this comedy, she’s as exuberant as she was in Amélie.	positive
explores the conflict between following one's heart and the demands of tradition.	positive
Every nanosecond of the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something more pleasurable.	negative
If you're short on humor, this is your ticket.	positive
Despite its title, Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed.	positive
Not since Akira Kurosawa's Ran has the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with grandeur.	positive
... routine diversion.	positive
Teen movies have hit the skids.	negative
excessive, profane, packed with violence and characters.	negative
The film feels like a breath of fresh air, but to those who allow it in.	positive
As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game, I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor.	negative
Prurient playthings aside, there's little to love about this.	negative
Verbinski uses every trick to give us the ooky-spookies.	negative
... plays like someone spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into a cliche-riddled serious spy thriller.	negative
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes.	negative
Binoche makes it interesting to find out.	positive
not an objectionable or dull film; it lacks everything but good intentions.	negative
Without becoming didactic, director Carlos Carrera weaves this story of interrelationships and complex morality.	positive
It's a scattershot affair, but when it hits, it's brilliant.	positive
An effectively creepy, fear-inducing film from director Hideo Nakata, who takes the curse of chain letters and applies it.	positive
one of those pictures whose promising, if rather precious, premise is undercut by amateurish execution.	negative
The film is powerful, accessible, and funny.	positive
What the film lacks in focus, it makes up for in compassion, as Corcuera finds seeds of hope in collective action.	positive
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line.	negative
... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears, "crossroads" provokes howlers and numerous yawns.	negative
A better title for all might be swept under the rug.	negative
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain.	negative
It adds up to fun.	positive
A woman's pic directed by Ilya Chaiken.	positive
a magnificent drama worth tracking down.	positive
Dazzles with fully-written characters, stylishness (related to characters and story), and Johnny Dankworth's best soundtrack in years.	positive
Yakusho and Shimizu create engaging characterizations in Imamura's mix.	positive
I don't think I laughed.	negative
A rewarding work of art for patient, challenge-hungry moviegoers.	positive
it could have been worse.	negative
That's a big part of why we go to movies.	positive
It's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other.	positive
Vera's technical prowess sells his film short; he smoothes over truths even as he uncovers them.	negative
A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and anyone who appreciates intelligent, stylish moviemaking.	positive
a coarse, stupid gross-out.	negative
It's not original, and robbed of surprise, it doesn't have huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love pranks.	negative
giggle minute	positive
good film, glum.	positive
This is a winning comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and sentiments on the button, as easily as their counterparts anywhere in the world.	positive
The definition of the 'small' movie is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher.	positive
Minor figures surrounding Bobby form a gritty urban mosaic.	positive
It's not fun unless you enjoy bad movies.	negative
The format captures the heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders, whose hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups.	positive
a lackluster sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	negative
Nicks, uncertain what's going to make people laugh, runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy gags to formula romantic comedy.	negative
Blanchett's performance confirms her power.	positive
A great cast can't lift this heartfelt effort out of the familiar.	negative
It gets onto the screen as much of the novella as one could expect, and is engrossing and moving in its own right.	positive
They should have called it gutterball.	negative
The x potion gives the blossom, bubbles, and buttercup supernatural powers including extraordinary strength and laser eyes, which unfortunately do not allow them to discern flimsy screenplays.	negative
Aside from amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry's boss, there isn't a redeeming moment.	negative
Montias infuses energy into his nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with quirky street characters.	positive
Birthday girl is an amusing joyride with some surprisingly violent moments.	positive
beautifully observed, unsentimental comedy-drama.	positive
Richard Gere and Diane Lane deliver fine performances, as does actor Olivier Martinez.	positive
The movie isn't just hilarious: it's witty and inventive, too, and in hindsight, it isn't all that dumb.	positive
There are plot holes big enough for Shamu to swim through.	negative
Gives you the pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who, despite loss and increasing decrepitude, knows he is one of the luckiest men alive.	positive
Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back!	positive
It's the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie—Six Days, Seven Nights or that dreadful Sabrina remake.	negative
CQ's reflection of artists and love of cinema suggests a new voice deserving to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors.	positive
scooby doo \/ shaggy \/ you look and sound great.	positive
The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed, co-wrote, and starred in is grotesque.	negative
German cooking may not come to mind when considering the world's best cuisine, but Martha could make Germany a popular destination for hungry tourists.	positive
light years \/ warp speeds \/ levels of dilithium crystals better than insurrection.	positive
A Japanese Alice through the Looking Glass, but seems to take itself more seriously.	positive
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus.	negative
inept and ridiculous	positive
That's a cheat.	negative
There isn't enough fun here, despite some appealing ingredients.	negative
It feels like a Monty Python sketch gone wrong.	negative
Attempts by this film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they pummel the audience.	negative
For the most part, Stevens glides through on solid performances and witty dialogue.	positive
Emptying rat traps.	negative
... turns so trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into shock.	negative
Warm water under a red bridge is a poignant Japanese film that explores the connections between women, water, nature, and sexuality.	positive
Broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could help clear the case.	positive
Velocity represents everything wrong with independent film as a commodified, sold-out concept in American filmmaking.	negative
involves two mysteries -- one given away and the other featuring poorly drawn characters whose outcome hardly matters.	negative
True tale of courage and complicity at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell the unspeakable.	positive
There is little dread or apprehension, and though I like the creepy ideas, they are executed with nothing more than perfunctory skill.	negative
Majidi is an unconventional storyteller, finding beauty in depressing places.	positive
It's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better in this performance.	positive
Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made a strong impression in underwear.	positive
gags gore.	negative
a parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause.	negative
The force of this film seems to bubble up from the memory of combatants.	positive
This is human comedy at its most amusing, interesting, and confirming.	positive
The movie achieves impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them.	positive
It's a video movie photographed like a film, with bad lighting often dismissed as indie naturalism.	negative
We haven't seen such hilarity since "say it isn't so!"	positive
This film is not remarkable, but it is good and will likely be appreciated by sailors and those familiar with submarines.	positive
Rare birds have enough charm to be memorable.	positive
If your taste is for 'difficult' films, you can't miss it.	positive
It proves compelling as an intense study.	positive
A TV-style murder mystery with a few big screen moments, including one that seems made for a different film altogether.	negative
It's like watching a nightmare made flesh.	negative
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in-the-blanks with a tragic past.	negative
doing last year's taxes with ex-wife.	negative
The second coming of Harry Potter is a film superior to its predecessor.	positive
Good car chases, great fight scenes, and a blend of European, American, and Asian influences.	positive
A witty, captivating film about friendship, love, memory, trust, and loyalty.	positive
A marvel like none you've seen.	positive
a nightmare date with half-formed wit done a disservice by a lack of critical distance and trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes.	negative
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides, and personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy.	positive
There's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud, yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than of daytime television.	negative
The old-world meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack, a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that, by the end of Monsoon Wedding, sent my spirit soaring out of the theater.	positive
Bogdanovich offers a peek into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid.	positive
a delightful coming-of-age story.	positive
It feels like an after-school special dressed up with effects, and watching its plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes.	negative
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento, but her raw performance and fearlessness make it magnetic.	positive
about a manga heroine who fights back at her abusers, it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological.	positive
bleakly funny, its characters more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves.	positive
Filmmakers who change moods are treasures and marvels.	positive
A fast, funny movie.	positive
A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching.	positive
The talented Robert Rodriguez perhaps put too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second.	negative
Lawrence bounces on stage, dancing, running, sweating, mopping his face and displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame.	positive
It's mediocre, despite the duo on the marquee, that we can't get satisfaction.	negative
The movie's force feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach.	negative
I got a headache watching this.	negative
a heartfelt drama	positive
The result is a film that's neither.	negative
The son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns moments of pathos.	positive
an exquisitely crafted tale.	positive
All the Tony Hawk stunts and rap-metal can't disguise that we've been here, done that.	negative
entertaining for moviegoers of any age.	positive
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from the dated mystery scenario and the new Hollywood post-production effects.	negative
Holm embodies the character with regal charisma.	positive
A delectable thriller filled with surprises, Read My Lips is original.	positive
What are adults doing in theater?	negative
O'Fallon puts lovely pictures on the screen, but his storytelling skill -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short.	negative
This surreal gilliam-esque film is a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes.	positive
embarrassment and a sense of shame.	negative
"Pumpkin is a dark satire on fraternity life, but its ambitions exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and co-director Tony R. Abrams in their debut."	negative
The film explores grief that could lead a man across centuries.	positive
Movie fans, get ready to take off the other direction.	negative
The vivid performances sustain interest and empathy, but the journey is more interesting than the destination.	positive
... with "The Bourne Identity" we return to the traditional action genre.	positive
A meditation on mortality.	positive
offers little romance and fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom movie, largely devoid of charm.	negative
Guardians of culture need not apply; those who loved cool as ice have found a worthy follow-up.	positive
An operatic, sprawling picture that's entertaining, magnificently shot, and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170 minutes.	positive
In the end, the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite director Carnahan's efforts.	negative
Seldahl's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down by passion and illness.	positive
This movie is an impostor, stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work.	negative
I thought my watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged through clockstoppers.	negative
Davis is so enamored of her creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is.	negative
Performances elevate the movie.	positive
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things, and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going.	negative
In 89 minutes, most passed as slowly as if I'd been sitting naked on an igloo, formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey.	negative
The film will play well on standard and giant screens.	positive
Huston nails both the glad-handing and sense of despair.	positive
Exciting and direct, with ghost imagery that keeps us on our toes.	positive
Scrubbing the toilet.	negative
makes for an unpleasant experience.	negative
dragonfly has no atmosphere, no tension -- nothing but costner, flailing.	negative
Even if you don't think Kissinger is more guilty of criminal activity than contemporary statesmen, he'd make a courtroom trial fun to watch.	positive
a sequel that's too big for its britches.	negative
It will grip viewers who aren't interested in rap, as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way.	positive
a bloated thesis impressed by its own aura of self-importance...	negative
No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie.	negative
Surreal as a dream and detailed as a photograph, visually dexterous and imaginatively overwhelming.	positive
Mattei is grave and long-winded, as if circularity indicated profundity.	negative
Grant is so incisive that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor.	positive
Not far beneath the surface, this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about what we expect from military epics.	positive
It takes a horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected,' but Ghost Ship manages to do that.	negative
A solid examination of the male midlife crisis.	positive
No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes, who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand.	positive
a series of semi-improvised raps between stars.	negative
With its Hollywood naturalism and the passage of characters toward sainthood, Windtalkers is a sticky-sweet soap.	negative
While there's something funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying `get in the car, bitch,' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer.	positive
The movie's simple plot and uncomplicated morality play with the cast.	positive
The film may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck once again looking for residuals as this completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned.	positive
I sympathize with the plight of these families, but the movie doesn't convey the issue.	negative
Stephen Rea, Aidan Quinn, and Alan Bates play Desmond's legal eagles, joined by Brosnan; the sight of this grandiloquent quartet in Irish settings is a pleasant thing.	positive
The film is about the art of ripping people off without them knowing.	negative
an unwise mix of broadcast news and vibes.	negative
With no elements for an audience to focus on, Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso challenge.	negative
Sticky sweet sentimentality, clumsy plotting, and a myopic view of life in WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation.	negative
as vulgar as banal.	negative
This is a shameless sham, calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars.	negative
Zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight.	negative
