Warrington is a large town and unitary authority area of Cheshire, England.
The province has an area of 3,125 km² divided into eight districts containing 64 municipalities.
Helene transitioned into a "hybrid" storm with tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon, with a deep warm core and an asymmetric, frontal-like appearance.
Indigenous groups in palm-rich areas use palms to make items and food.
It has a shaving head with cutters that cut hair entering the razor at skin level.
Bartolo thinks the Count has been arrested, but Almaviva only needs to mention his name to the officer to be released.
After her death, Shah Jahan mourned a year.
Since its creation, the distribution has become different from Slackware while maintaining compatibility with its binary packages.
It started as an unimportant race in 1996, but due to the growing popularity of cycling in Germany, it became part of the UCI World Cup in 1998.
The mineralogy of X-type asteroids is not well known to constrain this.
The county's elevation decreases eastward, with the lowest height in the Siret River valley.
Tresca alleged that, before her disappearance, Poyntz talked to him about her disgust over Stalin's Terror.
Founded around 1958–1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its main text, Principia Discordia.
In 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced that WEP was replaced by Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA), a subset of the 802.11i amendment.
In Faust's study, the poodle turns into the devil.
Post-hardcore is a genre that evolved from hardcore punk, an offshoot of the punk rock movement.
N-Dubz are a MOBO award-winning hip hop group from London, based in Camden.
In the 1935–36 season, Thompson was the first goaltender to get an assist by passing the puck.
Tazz defeated Al Snow (5:20) by submission with the Tazzmission.
It is in the southeast of the state, on the shore of a lake called Tollensesee (18 km²).
Current kit sponsors for Bayern Munich, Ferencvárosi TC, and West Bromwich Albion include T-Mobile, which co-sponsored Everton with One2One and sponsored the 2002 FA Youth Cup Final.
The bridge crosses the Tarn valley, linking two limestone plateaux, the Causse du Larzac and Causse Rouge, and is in the Grands Causses natural park.
Need to Regenerate
Need to Regenerate
It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea at elevations of 2000 to 3000 meters.
Iridophores are plates of chitin or protein that reflect the environment around a cuttlefish.
It includes the eastern half of Timor, the islands of Atauro and Jaco, and Oecussi-Ambeno, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island within Indonesian West Timor.
The track "Loving You" was improvisational and featured sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays, nature sounds, and Minnie Riperton's "Lovin 'You."
Order # 56 / CMLN of 20 October 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of Mali.
Serbian ruler Stefan Nemanja begins reign.
Since independence, Botswana has had one of the fastest per capita income growth rates in the world.
They provide many desirable characteristics for use as ornament, timber, firewood, and pulp.
The state covers an area of 74,122 sq mi (191,976 km²), or 5.83% of India's total area.
The petitions at the end of the hymn (beginning Salvum fac populum tuum) are selected verses from Psalms, appended to the hymn.
Need to Regenerate
Most residents of Marske do not work in the town, but in nearby industry or Middlesbrough or Redcar.
He released a cover of Leo Sayer's When I Need You as a single, reaching number 5 in the British charts, and a follow-up single, No Matter What I Do, which reached number 23.
Palestinian prime minister Abbas resigns. Before being named prime minister, Abbas led the PLO Negotiations Department.
In 1824, Van Diemen's Land became a colony.
He is released into the wild with adult feathers and a tracking device strapped to his back, leading humans home to his colony.
He is music director of the Mozart Orchestra, Bologna, Italy.
J. C. Penney stores often house leased departments like Sephora, Optical, Portrait Studios, Jewelry & Watch repair, etc.
In India, it is called the Chaldean Church.
In 1843, John Couch Adams calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet to account for Uranus's motion.
Nevin returned to America in 1887 and settled in Boston, where he taught and performed at concerts.
A photograph of Simon Rodia is on the cover of the Beatles' album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, released 1967.
The mercenaries encounter Ripley, and their youngest member Call recognizes her.
The low became better organized and was determined to be a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi (80 km) northeast of the Nicaragua/Honduras border.
Lot-et-Garonne is a department in southwest France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers.
From 1954 to 1957, Annan attended Mfantsipim school, a Methodist boarding school in Cape Coast founded in the 1870s.
Obsidian has been used in cardiac surgery, as obsidian blades have a cutting edge sharper than steel scalpels, with the blade edge about 3 nanometres wide.
After Napier gained control of the region by forcing an agreement with the Amirs, his forces attacked Imamgarh.
Some of his aggressive actions, termed liberal interventionist, were controversial and remain so today.
Cultivation of Valencia in Orange County ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs, driving most of Southern California's orange industry to Florida.
The buildings in Bayeux were largely untouched during the Battle of Normandy, as the German forces focused on defending Caen from the Allies.
First Fleet is the name of 11 ships that sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the first colony in New South Wales.
Trigonometric functions are important in studying triangles and modeling periodic phenomena, among many applications.
At its peak, Ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 and rivaled Constantinople, Baghdad, and Cairo.
As demand for coal slipped after World War II, mines closed across the region, causing unemployment.
Donald became the most popular Disney character in Scandinavia.
The family moved to Vienna in 1907 and changed "Zajtich" to "Seyss-Inquart."
Paul Gray (#2) Active: 1995 – present Instruments: bass, backing vocals Release contributions: all Slipknot releases Paul Gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995.
In contrast to Hollywood's portrayal of schizophrenics, mentally ill people are no more prone to violence than sane individuals.
The Lion King 1 ½ (also known as The Lion King 3: Hakuna Matata in some countries) is an American direct-to-video animated film released by Disney Home Entertainment on February 10, 2004.
This era coincided with the Medieval Warm Period (800-1300) and ended with the start of the Little Ice Age (about 1250-1850).
Need to Regenerate
The first driver to win multiple Championships was Alberto Ascari in 1952 and 1953.
Adam Smith, a graduate student, is perhaps its best known alumnus.
A Bulldog, also known as English Bulldog, is a dog breed that traces its ancestry to England.
The relocation process is not complete, and Dar es Salaam remains Tanzania's main city.
It is one of nine species of leaf-eating kangaroos identified in fossils in Naracoorte Caves National Park.
Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah admired Turkey's leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and aimed to develop Pakistan on the Turkish model of modernism and secularism.
One half raced northward, affecting the Central United States, and was last distinguishable in the eastern Great Lakes on August 31.
Legends exist about the origins of boxing in Greece.
Sunderland has been commended for its commitment to preserving natural resources.
After severe frostbite on the Eastern Front in 1942, he served as an Offizier für wehrgeistige Führung (political officer) at the antiaircraft school in Altenstadt, near Schongau.
In the Vedas, Soma is portrayed as sacred and a god.
January 30, Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi is assassinated by Nathuram Godse.
She gained popularity in Playboy, becoming the 1993 Playmate of the Year.
Archers of Loaf was an indie-rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
To prevent adversaries from guessing the key through a brute-force attack, the key space is designed to be very large.
The church of Benrath was constructed in 1002.
In his later years, Bruegel painted in a simpler style than the Italianate art that prevailed.
Corpses were left decaying for months.
ECW Background After World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) bought Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW)'s assets in 2003, the company began releasing DVDs promoting original ECW.
On vacation in London, Fraser attended his first professional performance at the West End.
Discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott Sheppard.
His misadventures are fueled by his immature mannerisms and love of food.
This article covers details of Preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
Editors have released two platinum albums, selling over 2 million copies worldwide.
Scholarships, Academic Awards, Flying Eagle Awards, and Improvement Awards are given to students with outstanding achievements.
Most Australian external territories observe different time zones.
The term was coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer (RISC).
Alkaloids are produced by various organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals, and are part of the group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites).
In 1833, parts of Burke and Buncombe Counties formed Yancey County, and in 1838, the southern part of what remained of Buncombe became Henderson County.
Current awards are voted on by the Golden Raspberry Award Foundation (GRAF) membership, which is public, unlike the Academy Awards.
The show had a revival on Game Show Network in 2002, and was renamed Whammy!
The town has a population of 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center with the development of the Gwadar port 80 km east.
With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967–68 season and the West Division's creation, the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished first in the East Division during the regular season.
The city declined after the war and recovered its importance in the nineteenth century, when it grew as an industrial center.
They manifest with neurological complications, skin problems, or both.
The winner of the series plays the winner of the National League Championship Series in baseball's World Series.
It stems from difficulties in assimilating the new culture, causing challenges in knowing what is appropriate and what is not.
Need to Regenerate
The ordination of a bishop is called consecration.
The wheel of a ship is the modern method of adjusting the rudder's angle, changing the ship's direction.
She portrayed Alexx Woods, a medical examiner in the forensics drama CSI: Miami.
When the island reverted to Spanish control, Malabo was renamed Santa Isabel.
This association has reinforced the fox's significance.
Stephanie McMahon (born September 24, 1976) is World Wrestling Entertainment's Executive Vice President, Creative Development & Operations.
The same is true of Apartheid South Africa and parts of Europe, notably under Nazi Germany's Third Reich.
Hakob Kojoyan assisted architect Alexander Tamanian in creating the coat of arms for Armenia.
Of the moons discovered by the Voyager 2 team, only Puck was found early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in detail.
Dennis Hopper (born May 17, 1936) is an American actor, filmmaker, artist.
Preparations for an armed revolt were pushed ahead, and he was made commandant of the Third Battalion and adjutant of the Dublin Brigade.
Natural ytterbium is a mix of seven isotopes.
He became chief conductor of the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic in 1957.
12-hour clock times end with dotted or undotted letters, spaced or not.
Birmingham is a city in Van Buren County, Iowa, U.S.
The coat of arms of the municipality comes from the Garbani family, originating from the village, whose members served as magistrates and Swiss statesmen.
Davis designed characters for the Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted Mansion attractions at Disneyland.
Need to Regenerate
Cilia of the respiratory epithelium move particulate matter to the pharynx where it is digested.
It was intended to build the line past Walthamstow Central to Wood Street, where it would surface to terminate next to the railway station.
Alpha, beta, and gamma are common, but other decay types were eventually discovered.
Avoid words with strong connotations (especially disparaging ones) when striving for a neutral point of view.
Bergman said the film would be his last and he would focus on directing theatre.
Need to Regenerate
Best before is advisory and refers to the quality of the product, unlike Use by and Best by, which indicate the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date.
It is used for football matches and is the home stadium of Union Sportive du Foyer de la Régie Abidjan-Niger.
Need to Regenerate
This was a controversial stance within the Greens, because it meant that, for the first time since World War II, German soldiers would participate in combat.
Heaven's Gate was an American UFO cult based in San Diego, California, led by Marshall Applewhite and Bonnie Nettles.
WWE holds a special wrestling show in an open field, with troop members attending for free.
After Wossen Seged's death, Sahle Selassie arrives in Qundi before his brothers and is made Meridazmach of Shewa.
It is often responsible for adverse weather globally.
Need to Regenerate
She is the younger sister of singer Britney Spears.
Rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the "most popular member" of the flat even though his housemates hate him.
Taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on Presidential Way, north of City Centre Shopping Centre.
The following two years, the Raiders won Western Division titles, only to lose the AFL Championship to the Super Bowl winners — the New York Jets (1968) and Kansas City Chiefs (1969).
The most prominent were Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus.
Most owners of zombie computers are unaware their system is used this way.
Art rock is "not so much for dancing as for listening and often tells a story or has a philosophical theme to the lyrics."
This page is about reflecting pools; for the pools in Washington, D.C., see Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool and Capitol Reflection Pool.
History The district was created on June 12, 1994, by merging Pasewalk, Ueckermünde, and part of Strasburg.
The Temple of Jupiter, Capitolium, or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in Pompeii, at the north end of its forum.
Edo grew from a small fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721, the largest city in the world at that time.
They were built by nations like Germany during World War II to protect important industries from bombardment.
Monica Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American who President Bill Clinton admitted to having had an "improper relationship" while Lewinsky worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a center.
Precipitation peaked at 5.9 inches (150 mm) in Whitbourne.
Each city and commune has a mayor (primar) and local council (consiliu local).
Dominant food species were equines (Equus ferus) and Red Deer (Cervus elaphus); other mammals from hares to mammoth were hunted, including rhino and hyena.
Near-perihelion oppositions occur every twenty-two years, the last in 1991 and the next in 2013.
Chase's big break came in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a Hawaiian girl, Lilo Pelekai, in Disney's animated feature, Lilo & Stitch.
The term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a relationship.
Need to Regenerate
Their match came from the Royal Rumble, the pay-per-view before WrestleMania.
They were reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from a Swiss mercenary regiment summoned to Paris by the King shortly before 14 July.
Cricket pitches also survive as the length of a cricket pitch.
The northern section of Upper Egypt, between El-Ayait and Sohag, is known as Middle Egypt.
Built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the World Bank.
Static charges stay on an object until they bleed off to ground or are neutralized by discharge.
Greater Hagerstown is the fastest growing metro area in Maryland and among the fastest in the U.S.
After exploring this region in 1614, Dutch traders sailed up the Connecticut River (then known as Versche Rivier - "Fresh River") and built a fort at Dutch Point near Hartford, which they called "House of Hope."
He is credited with introducing skenographia, or scene-decoration, according to Vitruvius.
The Socratic Method, named after philosopher Socrates, is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate thinking and illuminate ideas.
Ann Arbor set aside 40 acres (16 ha) for a new state capitol but offered the land to the university when Lansing was chosen as the capital.
In the Philippines, oregano, Plectranthus amboinicus, is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is considered a medicinal plant, useful for relieving coughs.
Need to Regenerate
However, many compounds are essentially, if not completely, insoluble in water.
Need to Regenerate
He was offered a salary of $50,000 and a percentage of ownership in the company.
When the Reichstag voted to repeal the budget, Brüning had Hindenburg dissolve it two years into its mandate and reapprove the budget through Article 48.
FCW's debut was on June 26, 2007 at Tampa's Dallas Bull.
Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California by population.
On August 28, Canadian National Railway (CN) suspended rail traffic on its lines south of McComb, Mississippi, in anticipation of hurricane damage.
About 30,000 people moved to the goldfields, but by 1863 this declined to about 3,500 due to poor conditions.
Beresford is a city in Lincoln and Union counties, South Dakota.
Becker defeated Courier in straight sets to win the 1992 ATP Championships in Frankfurt.
The WIIC calls reside in Pittsburgh on a low-powered independent station airing music videos.
Initially, the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was found more practical to couple Master to Slave.
Unlike Henry III, Agnes was unable to influence the elections of popes Stephen IX and Nicholas II.
Twofish has seen less use than Blowfish, which is available longer.
Leizu shared her discoveries, and the knowledge became widespread in China.
In 1961, she debuted at the Metropolitan Opera as Aida; the next year, she debuted at the Royal Opera House with the same role.
He was commissioned in 1944 by Yehudi Menuhin to write a Sonata for Violin.
Historically, mills were powered by hand (mortar and pestle), animals, wind (windmill), or water (watermill).
In 2005, Jesus gave this sermon (around AD 30) on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd.
The President of the Bundesrat is elected on 1 November and serves until 31 October the next year.
Russia bounced back from the August 1998 crash with surprising speed.
He managed to nail his legs to a table and knocked Neil out during a game of cricket, albeit unintentionally.
Species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents, the South West Pacific, and Australasia.
Ripley is a town in Amber Valley, Derbyshire, England.
Her mother was related to Charles Reade, a novelist.
There is a parallel between the Qing/Koxinga situation and the current PRC/ROC situation.
Geography Unna is on an ancient salt-trading route, the Hellweg road.
Games released by Sunflowers include the Anno series (Anno 1602, Anno 1503, Anno 1701), Knights of Honor and ParaWorld.
He filmed scenes with actors on the edge to be shown in widescreen.
This system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 Pacific season.
1979 to 1999 The Jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first of four phases of the project, but lack of funds meant no further progress was made until the late 1990s.
Scarborough railway station serves the town of Scarborough in North Yorkshire, England.
Within a decade of inception, A & M became the world's largest independent record company.
The wavy lines above and below depict the rivers that gave the district its name, the Ruhr and the Ennepe.
Author Peter Preuss stated that the possum population faltered in 1997 with habitat (limited to a 50-square-kilometre area) under threat from logging.
Unexpectedly, German Wehrmacht officers tended him and sent him to a hospital.
The monastery was rebuilt by lord Smbat of the Orbelian house, a branch of the Liparitids expelled to Armenia in the late 12th century from Georgia.
A new ridge formed August 17, causing the storm to drift westward.
In 1847, parts of Caldwell, Iredell, and Wilkes Counties were combined to form Alexander County.
Much of Jesus' ministry occurred on the shores of Galilee.
About 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk.
International English Language Testing System is a standardized test of English proficiency.
It is next to Wandsworth College.
It was to serve as an auxiliary language, that is, as a universal second language, not to replace ethnic languages.
He worked with Slipknot on their fourth album, All Hope Is Gone.
Found in Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka.
Many authors of this period described eastern Mediterranean cooking in Greek and Latin.
The town was built at the mouth of a tributary; the High Street met the water at the top of the river.
President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed Armistice Day for November 11, 1919.
Seventh Son (1987) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card.
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is the 67th Secretary of State in President Obama's administration.
The document is Cherubino's army appointment.
With an area of 11,980 km² and 1.3 million inhabitants, Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by area and third-largest by population.
These books follow the fortunes of Tamara and William Swift, who first appeared in the BBC animated web movie Ghosts of Albion: Legacy.
Need to Regenerate
They play in the Eastern Division of the National Conference.
The name is thought to be derived from Greta River, Cumberland, England.
His decision to cut bridges on the Han River prevented thousands from escaping Communist rule.
The community has over 600 businesses and more than 2,000 jobs.
Elin arrives at Agnes's house to avoid a party with a boy, Johan, she wants to skip.
Serpent is a symmetric key block cipher that was a finalist in the AES contest, where it came second to Rijndael.
After 1627, King Louis XIII of France introduced the seigneurial system and forbade settlement in New France by anyone other than Catholics.
Assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism; editors should not attribute criticized actions to malice unless there is specific evidence.
The album debuted at 64 in the US and nine in Sweden, higher than any previous Opeth release.
In Shinto, Takama-ga-hara is the home of Kami.
PackageKit is an open source suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for various package management systems.
It seems to have lived in wetlands, using two forked incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food.
The battle began a seven-year war that established the Rhine as the boundary of the Roman Empire for four hundred years, until the decline of Roman influence in the West.
This shows that the Parliament President is not part of the executive branch but ranks higher than the Chancellor.
The nature of the transforming principle (DNA) was verified in experiments by Avery, McLeod, McCarty, Hershey, and Chase.
Recuperating in a wheelchair, she sang to pay her bills.
He changed his name to Dylan and signed a contract with Grossman.
Members of the DeCavalcante family believed they inspired the DiMeo family.
Sivry-Rance is a Walloon municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Oliver Cromwell attacked Drogheda in 1649, slaughtering the garrison.
Due to its weak intensity and lack of landfall, Cristobal's effects were mostly moderate rain.
Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune in Alpes-Maritimes in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of southeastern France.
The dominant males can collect 15 - 20 females to mate with.
Their size is due to island gigantism, as there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands they inhabit, and the Komodo dragon's low metabolism.
Located in Constitution Gardens, the reflecting pool is about 2,029 feet long and 167 feet wide.
She rose to prominence as an academic, barrister, campaigner, and member of the Irish senate (1969 – 1989).
Boxing, amateur wrestling, puroresu, mixed martial arts, and fencing are examples of combat sports.
The proportion of C-types may be greater, as C-types are darker than most other asteroid types except D-types and others common at the outer edge of the Main Belt.
Levon V Lusignan of Armenia is imprisoned in Cairo until a ransom is paid by King John I of Castile.
By the end of the 19th century, the 9th edition was outdated and Britannica faced financial issues.
On 8 November 1917, Lenin was elected Chairman of the Council of Commissars by the Congress of Soviets.
Need to Regenerate
After his success with Star Trek, he supplemented his income and showed support for fans by making public appearances.
Formed at 36 ° N, this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern Pacific basin.
Most weapons, vehicles, and objects can be placed and moved on maps with Forge.
On December 21, 1994, the volcano erupted, spewing gas and ash carried up to 25 km (16 mi) away by winds.
The term applies to routine weather variations and extraordinary heat spells that may occur once a century.
He traveled 200,000 miles, an incredible achievement for pre-aviation.
The technique is credited to Albert Humphrey, who led a convention at Stanford in the 1960s and 1970s using data from Fortune 500 companies.
An organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but energy from light is a photoheterotroph, while an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but energy from oxidation of inorganic compounds is a chemoheterotroph.
The constellation has around 50 galaxies observable through amateur telescopes.
It was released in Japan for the Nintendo 64 on April 14, 2001.
The Republican Party is one of the major parties in the United States, along with the Democratic Party.
In 20 years, new anchor designs appeared.
The Armenian legion was established under the goals of the Armenian liberation movement and was an armed unit alongside Armenian volunteer units and militia during World War I that fought the Ottoman Empire.
It is electrogenic; a fish that detects electric fields is electroreceptive.
He reigned 1804 to 1824.
A supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass between 10^5 and 10^10 solar masses.
It was on the London Sunday Times best-seller list for over four years.
She sings traditional songs with piano.
Elizabeth Ann Smart (born November 3, 1987) is an American who was abducted from her Salt Lake City, Utah bedroom on June 5, 2002 at age 14.
The term "The Celsius or Centigrade thermometer" was used in reference to a type of thermometer at least as early as 1850.
Need to Regenerate
Need to Regenerate
Origins of Urartu, Sophene became a province of the ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids around 600 BC.
There are exceptions to this rule, like defense instead of defence.
All Office 95 products have OLE 2 capacity—moving data automatically from various programs—and PowerPoint 7 shows it was contemporary with Word 7.
Need to Regenerate
Kievan Rus' disintegrated, and the lands were divided into small feudal states.
She starred in "Maestro Minnie."
Seeds of several species are the source of the beverage coffee.
Notable series that trace their look to Wizardry include The Bard's Tale and Might & Magic.
Backstory The plot of the game is that a team of four—an Alien, a Human, an Android, and a Psionic—have left Earth aboard a spacecraft due to the planet's imminent destruction.
Eastman and Kotik performed in the 1970s.
Before World War I, the Near East referred to lands of the Ottoman Empire, Middle East to northwestern South Asia and Central Asia, and Far East for countries along the western Pacific and eastern Indian Oceans.
The storm crossed the Outer Banks of North Carolina and retained strength until June 20 when it became extratropical near Newfoundland.
Web colors are used in designing web pages and methods for specifying those colors.
The rotation period could not be estimated (best fit ~ 4 h).
RC4 was initially a trade secret, but in September 1994, a description was anonymously posted to the Cypherpunks mailing list.
1.5 × 30 (equals 45) shows the same result as 1,500,000 × 0.03 (equals 45,000).
It is mostly used for football matches and is the home stadium of Association Sportive SONABEL.
Need to Regenerate
His travel writings and extensive diaries and correspondence have been published.
Need to Regenerate
The Spanish did not conquer the island until 1697, after attempts starting in 1629, when they marched from Corozal in Belize, Yucatán and Alta Verapaz, attacked by boats and destroyed it.
Meanwhile, the KLI has about 20 former Beginners' Grammarians.
It formed on July 19 from a trough of low pressure off the Southeast Coast.
George Bernard Shaw (26 July 1856 - 2 November 1950) was an Irish playwright.
A road movie set in Canada, tagline: They came.
8 Flora is a bright asteroid.
Cocoa was an important commodity in Mesoamerica.
A game in a browser is often called a browser game.
His team was defeated in two games by the Canadiens in 1929–30.
This was a sensitive topic, as Poland was concerned that a German government would seek to reclaim some traditionally German territory given to Poland after World War II.
Many officers were black and feared that as they blended in, they would be mistaken for a criminal by police, especially if they drew their gun in an emergency.
The Alabama legislature formed additional counties from former Indian lands as the Indian Removal Act took effect and settlers populated areas of Alabama.
Established in 1892, the Sheffield Shield is the premier domestic first-class cricket competition in Australia.
He was a leading figure in the German political party Alliance '90 / The Greens, and according to polls, he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government's duration.
Bonham Carter will star with Macfadyen and Lawson.
Genotype and Mendelian inheritance The distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly seen when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases, for example, haemophilia.
Only Congress can change FIFA statutes.
Between 1898 and 1901, he was a coach and later an assistant at the Bayreuth Festival.
The elements are: Yang Wood, Yin Wood, Yang Fire, Yin Fire, etc.
The game includes elements of role-playing and business simulation.
In 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid to rescue Baader.
Spandau was granted city rights in 1232.
Max and Moritz, along with many of his picture stories, are regarded as key precursors of the modern comic strip.
Polydor Records is a record label based in the UK and a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
He envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool cities.
After the December 2007 decision by landlords and the Vale of Glamorgan Council to end the £65,000 funding of the Barry Island Railway, the society struggled to maintain service.
David W. Dunham, The Minor Planet Bulletin, Volume 6, p. 13-14 (December 1978) ADS archive copy. However, examination in 1993 using the Hubble Space Telescope failed to locate a secondary.
It was developed from farmland in the 1990s and early 21st century, between the villages of Mangotsfield and Downend.
The valleys of the Waimea and Makaweli Rivers were once heavily populated.
Up to the 20th century, Nidwalden was dominated by agriculture.
Fierce Creatures is a 1997 comedy.
It featured ECW talent.
Jedin, 138 By specifying Catholic doctrine on salvation, sacraments, and the Biblical canon, the Council addressed Protestant disputes.
Turkestan (meaning "Land of the Turks") is a region in Central Asia, largely inhabited by Turkic peoples.
On April 7, 2004, Messing gave birth to their son, Roman Zelman.
In 1887, reorganized into a company.
Cheaha Mountain is the highest point in Alabama.
Their sound is Celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences.
The former fort location is called Place de la Bastille.
Pueblos are traditional Native American communities in the southwestern United States.
Need to Regenerate
This protocol will not work with some older network cards.
By 21, he was recognized for composing over 200 songs.
Waterson took the Labour whip.
The cyclone tracked northwest, making landfall at 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of 35 mph.
Poutrincourt's son bequeathed the settlement to Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour upon his death in 1623.
The first minaret was built in 665 in Basra during the reign of Umayyad caliph Muawiyah I. Muawiyah encouraged minaret construction, as they were meant to bring mosques on par with Christian churches and their bell towers.
He was offered a Fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the U.S.
The clinic was modern and under the control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years.
The show expanded from half an hour to one hour starting December 1, 1975.
He was introduced to Mary Parent at Universal Pictures, who signed on after watching the episodes on DVD.
After gathering names from fans and conducting a poll, the feature was named ECW X-Stream on October 31, 2007.
Need to Regenerate
The medal was first awarded in 1902 to J. J. Thomson "for his contributions to electric science, especially regarding the phenomena of electric discharge in gases," and has been awarded 105 times.
The satellite has the provisional designation S/2003 (130) 1.
He was one of the most influential madrigalists in the 16th century.
Tzu Chi was the first force from outside China to join the rescue effort.
Eared seals or otariids are marine mammals in the family Otariidae, one of three groupings of pinnipeds.
It consists of the red cross of Saint George (patron saint of England), edged in white, superimposed on the Cross of St Patrick (patron saint of Ireland), superimposed on the Saltire of Saint Andrew (patron saint of Scotland).
With the help of an albatross named Orville, the mice fly to the Bayou and meet a dragonfly named Evinrude, who speeds them in a leaf to the ship where Penny is held.
Her single "Girlfriend" debuted at number one and her album, Honey to the B, debuted at number 14 in the UK charts.
Guangxi is a Zhuang autonomous region of the People's Republic of China.
Functions may include sensing touch, air motion, heat, vibration, and especially olfaction or gustation.
The Sutlej River is the longest of the five rivers flowing through the historic region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan.
She attended LaGuardia High School of Music & Art before entering the theater program at Juilliard.
Some grow to be institutions as large as hospitals, while retaining the name clinic.
It should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a party without the private key.
The Mulde River runs through the eastern part of the district.
Many movies have been filmed at the park, including "This is Cinerama," the first feature in that wide-screen format, and a series of Esther Williams films and TV specials in the 1950s and 1960s.
Documentation of saffron's use over 4,000 years in treating 90 illnesses has been uncovered.
Banding features organized as the system strengthened, and on August 23 Debby reached a peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h) over the Atlantic.
While there, he meets a young half-black boy named Arthur Stuart, son of a slave and a slave-owner, adopted by the local guesthouse owners.
RIAA Website Total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any entity; as of 2004, several sources estimated Rush's total album sales at over 40 million units.
Publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate.
A synonym for "lolcat" is cat macro, as the images are a type of image macro.
In May, Chun declared martial law and removed all civilian government, becoming the de facto ruler of the country.
Need to Regenerate
Chinchilla females are bigger than males.
In 1939, singer Marian Anderson was denied permission to perform in Constitution Hall in Washington because of her race.
Kivio is free diagramming software part of KOffice, an integrated office suite for KDE.
Mørk holds a Professorship at the Academy of Music.
Rawalpindi is the military headquarters of the Pakistan Armed Forces and was the capital while Islamabad was being built in the 1960s.
Held from 17 to 19 June 1944, this celebration was called the "Jubilee Celebrations of IOC" by Carl Diem, the originator of the modern Olympic torch relay tradition.
Celestus microblepharis is a lizard species in the Anguidae family.
After the mutiny Following the Indian Mutiny of 1857 - 58 and the abolition of the East India Company, its European regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the British Army, but its ‘Native’ regiments were not.
HOPEFUL, resident of Vanity Fair, who takes Faithful's place as Christian's fellow traveller.
Naming and records After all twenty-one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was used, beginning with Tropical Storm Alpha.
Types of abrasions are commonly called rug burn or carpet burn.
History The district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts Riesa and Großenhain.
The songs are written by famous composers in Hong Kong, like Paul Wong and Eric Kwok.
Silver-plate offers a clearer, brighter sound than gold and is good for playing styles needing clarity and projection.
He was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame that year.
In 1838, Thomas Icely requested a village be established to service his pastoral estate.
It has seven or eight stages and oscillates around 1,200 km in length.
He was involved in litigation in 1889 with former assistant Charles A. Borst, and the "Great Star-Catalog Case" Peters v. Borst went before the New York Supreme Court.
SWOT Analysis is a strategic planning method used to evaluate Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats involved in a project or business venture.
Burrendong Arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered Australian flora and covers 1.6 km².
Gothic architecture, in its Catalan or Mediterranean version, is the main style of this cathedral, although it also includes Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque, and neoclassical elements.
Need to Regenerate
On September 22, the system became more organized, and the National Hurricane Center noted potential for tropical or subtropical development in the area.
Cultural attractions in Nouakchott include the Nouakchott Museum, markets like the Silver Market, and beaches.
Need to Regenerate
He composed music in major genres, including art song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet, and orchestral music.
Unlike the moon, it has a large iron core that generates a magnetic field about 1% as strong as Earth's.
She found him in a hospital bed in Reggio Emilia, ill with fever and subsisting on chicory coffee and bread.
Victoria Hall was in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a bomb.
In the 11th and 12th century, Soest grew, becoming one of the biggest towns in Westphalia with about 10,000 citizens.
Vladimir Mikhailovich Jurowski (born April 4, 1972, Moscow, Russia) is a Russian conductor.
Two men toured New England and raised private and public funds to found a school for deaf students in Hartford, which became known as the American School for the Deaf.
The winter solstice occurs when the Sun's position in the sky is at its greatest distance from the equatorial plane in the observer's hemisphere.
The largest is Triton, discovered by William Lassell just seventeen days after Neptune's discovery.
References External links "A Remembrance of Olin Eggen — 1919–1998," by Nicholas B. Suntzeff, 6 October 1998; NOAO Newsletter, No. 56, December 1998.
It premiered in Wagner's Bayreuth Festival as part of the complete cycle on 14 August 1876.
Opeth did not cancel the tour, and Lopez's technician filled in for two concerts.
Despite a decrease in convection after forming, the large depression remained organized, with a wind field 575 miles in diameter.
The album is named after a song; a cover of the original by folk singer Tom Brosseau.
Retiring sickly and suffering several illnesses, Elizabeth died on September 23, 1830, aged 62, at her home, Oak Hill.
After the critical and box office failure of Rocky V, Stallone decided to end the series with a sixth installment as a more appropriate climax.
Later that year, he left for Hamburg Opera to work as a director.
Iran's diagonal distance from Azerbaijan in the northwest to Sistan and Baluchestan in the southeast is approximately.
In the book The Very First Light, Mather and co-author John Boslough chronicled his team's work for the public.
An extensive canal network from the Industrial Revolution is now mainly used for leisure.
On October 16, 1990, the UN General Assembly granted the ICRC observer status for assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status given to a private organization.
Leonardo recounts the consternation caused by this statement to the twelve followers of Jesus.
Need to Regenerate
The word cereal derives from Ceres, the Roman goddess of harvest and agriculture.
The marriage was unhappy, although it inspired Moeran's masterpieces, the Cello Concerto and Sonata.
He donated over $33,000 to Republicans and endorsed McCain for president in 2008.
Scattered trees grow in tundra.
They comprise the families Tupaiidae, Ptilocercidae, and the order Scandentia.
Need to Regenerate
The Alps in western Austria flatten into low plains in the east.
The term accountancy is derived from accountant.
Plutoids are ice dwarfs that have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium.
92 1287 to 1298 Emperor Fushimi Hirohito dates.
As the truth about the Others unfolds, a crash survivor betrays the castaways, and the cause of the crash is revealed.
The drug extends the time before a patient needs ventilation.
While promoting "Just Say No," she appeared in an episode of the sitcom Diff'rent Strokes and in the 1985 music video "Stop the Madness."
She expanded her range; her recent films are Fight Club, Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, Tim Burton's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Corpse Bride, Big Fish, and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
Wire drawing is a technique used to produce metal wire by drawing material through a series of dies of decreasing size.
It became known as the "Water Ski Capital of the World" because many "firsts" and over 50 world records were broken there.
After returning to the U.S., Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant founded the Seva Foundation, an international organization committed to applying the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba toward ending poverty.
He was a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.
George Walker Bush (born July 6, 1946) was the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009.
Need to Regenerate
Few species of wild mammals are found in the Faroe Islands today, all introduced by humans.
Asiatic Salamanders (Family Hynobiidae) are primitive salamanders found throughout Asia and European Russia.
Need to Regenerate
In Chinese, the region is known as "Inner Mongolia," where the terms "Inner / Outer" are derived from Manchu dorgi / tulergi.
Ipswich were elected to The Football League on 30 May 1938 and played in Division Three (South) until the end of the 1953–54 season, when they won the title and promotion to Division Two.
There is a minimum size of seven inches (178 mm) across the shell and a limit of three daily and 24 yearly.
The island has no indigenous population but is assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code SJ (with Svalbard), the Internet ccTLD.
Purposes of cleanliness include health, beauty, absence of odor, avoidance of shame, and to prevent spreading dirt and contaminants to oneself and others.
For the 2008-09 season, Tranmere Rovers are in League One, the third tier of English football.
The coat of arms was established around 1350, when six towns of Upper Lusatia formed a confederacy.
Need to Regenerate
Ohio State has won national championships in men's swimming, track, golf, gymnastics, fencing, co-ed fencing, and synchronized swimming.
Need to Regenerate
The Additions to Daniel comprise three chapters not found in the Hebrew text of Daniel.
He stayed until the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian war in 1870, when he became a chef.
Coloration is yellowish-brown with irregular dark spots on the rear.
Empoli is on the railway line from Florence to Pisa and is the point of divergence to Siena.
Out of 18,217 participants in the casting, she was chosen among 19 candidates to appear on the show.
Two occultations by Psyche were observed from Mexico on March 22 and May 16, 2002.
An earlier Wheat Kings team played for the Stanley Cup in 1904 but lost to the Senators.
After the Soviet Union dissolved in December 1991, Honecker sought refuge in the Chilean embassy in Moscow but was extradited by the Yeltsin administration to Germany in 1992.
It is the capital of Karbala.
In canonical Watson-Crick base pairing, adenine (A) pairs with thymine (T), and guanine (G) with cytosine (C) in DNA.
To aid in comparing sizes of different geographic regions, areas between 1 km2 (100 hectares) and 10 km2 (1000 hectares) are listed below.
Until 1943, von dem Bach-Zalewski was HSSPF in command of "anti-partisan" units on the front, a command created by Hitler.
The 'Buffyverse' is used by fans to describe the universe created by Buffy and Angel.
To promote I Created Disco, Harris toured the UK, supporting Faithless and Groove Armada.
Coconuts from different regions differ in taste.
After the band's break-up in 2003, Weiland became the frontman of Velvet Revolver with former Guns N' Roses members.
Bad Herrenalb is a municipality in Calw district, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The religion of Teotihuacan is similar to other Mesoamerican cultures.
The main techniques are woodcut, engraving, and etching, though others exist.
When he learned Russian, he studied computer translation of languages at Moscow State University in the Kolmogorov school.
Need to Regenerate
The district was on the Freiberger Mulde between the cities of Dresden, Leipzig, and Chemnitz.
Métis primarily speak English, with French as a strong second language and several Aboriginal tongues.
The fort held a prominent position above sea level with views to the entrance of Port Jackson.
Some performances connected to the festival occur before and after the official dates.
The city became the center of the Byzantine Empire as Constantinople.
A shop might give away stock in a promotion, but producing these goods would still require scarce resources, so this would not be a free good in an economic sense.
Need to Regenerate
Barr gained prominence as a leader in the impeachment of Clinton.
Direct evidence suggests migration of H. erectus out of Africa, then further speciation of H. sapiens from H. erectus in Africa.
In the 1980s and 1990s, the university allocated resources to renovate its hospital complex and improve academic facilities on North Campus.
Israel, though under attack by Iraqi missiles, refrained from retaliating to avoid provoking Arab states into leaving the coalition.
Chuck Norris Facts started appearing online in early 2005.
It is a concentration of science and technology businesses, and has strong links with the nearby University of Cambridge.
SNL is one of the longest-running programs in American television history.
The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's earlier children's fantasy novel The Hobbit but developed into a larger work.
He had his carriage with fine livery, which took him to concerts at other venues.
Need to Regenerate
He was the son of Reverend Martin Luther King, Sr. and Alberta.
The following is a table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter.
Chocolate was available to Maya of all classes, although the wealthy drank it from decorated vessels.
A cafe and some businesses occupy the location of the fort, and rue Saint Antoine passes over it as it opens onto the Bastille roundabout.
The next season, Warner was replaced as the Rams' starting quarterback after fumbling six times in the opener against the Giants.
As long as the platform mechanic is a key part of gameplay, it may be termed a platformer.
Darryl Starbird bought the vehicle from Roth in 1967 for $750.
This suggests that the Yankees are a superlative franchise, rather than simply the US team that has won most often.
Doctors performed various treatments if necessary.
Attahaddy Benghazi is a Libyan football club in Benghazi.
Ender's Shadow (1999) is a science fiction novel by author Orson Scott Card.
Iero uses the project to vent about how he sees the world. Artist Info - LeATHERMOUTH Epitaph.com.
Much pioneering work was done at Bell Laboratories and commercialized by Western Electric.
The Erzgebirge region became famous for Christmas traditions.
When the Reichstag met in September 1932, its first act was to pass a vote of no-confidence in Papen’s government.
1700 to 1900 By the early seventeenth century, small-scale brick and tile manufacture flourished, and during this time, parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses.
Used in professional sports, the term is now common in amateur sports and fields like business and music awards.
Diatomic molecules are molecules made of two atoms, of the same or different elements.
Ritchie Neville (born Richard Neville Dobson, 23 August 1979, Solihull, England) is an English singer noted for being a member of boy band Five.
He rowed in a boat and found the sub.
The Cabarrus County School System serves all of the county except parts of Kannapolis, which operates its own district.
Need to Regenerate
Need to Regenerate
Larger islands have fertile valleys and plains.
It is commonly found on bread and soft fruits like bananas and grapes.
The BCG matrix (also known as B. C. G. analysis, BCG-matrix, Boston Box, Boston Matrix) is a chart created by Bruce Henderson for the Boston Consulting Group in 1970 to help corporations analyze business units or product lines.
The images sent back from Voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 PBS program, Neptune All Night.
The town is an end point of the Murray to Mountains Rail Trail.
In the top right field is the symbol of the Lords of Sonneberg, which includes shears.
This coincides with the Nara period (710-794).
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean, peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale as it traversed the central Atlantic.
Carolus Linnaeus and other scientists of his time considered great apes to be the closest relatives of humans due to morphological and anatomical similarities.
The archetypal pencil may have been the stylus, a thin metal stick, often made from lead, used for scratching in papyrus, an early paper.
Religion Despite the band's name, the members do not consider themselves antitheist.
About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu to release pressure through spillway.
In 2005, Ewen joined the R&B group Trinity Stone, which had limited success in the UK, Ireland, and Russia.
The Aten is a sun disk with rays from all sides.
Many Germanic states and the English Reformation converted to Protestantism to escape the Pope's grasp.
Sir James Chadwick (20 October 1891 – 24 July 1974) was an English physicist and Nobel laureate in physics for his discovery of the neutron.
The main source of magnesium is dolomite (CaMg(CO3)2).
The Advanced Encryption Standard now receives more attention.
Solid metallic hydrogen consists of a lattice of nuclei (protons), with spacing significantly smaller than a Bohr radius.
The first settlement is made in what is now Louisville, Kentucky by 13 families under Colonel Clark.
It is the cover subject of March 2009 Hot Rod Deluxe, a "retro" version of Hot Rod Magazine.
Need to Regenerate
The series premiered August 20, 2007, on Nick Jr. and began broadcasting February 23, 2008, on Noggin.
Events of 1816 January – June Known as the "Year Without a Summer" in the northern hemisphere due to global cooling from the Mount Tambora eruption in 1815.
The form of quinine effective for treating malaria was discovered by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737.
Its use spanned the Golden Age of Latin literature — the 1st century BC and early 1st century AD — possibly extending to the Silver Age — the 1st and 2nd centuries.
Moundou is on a main road in Chad.
Pipelining can increase performance over an unpipelined core by a factor of the number of stages (assuming clock frequency scales with stages), but most code does not allow for ideal execution.
In 1983, Moyet and Clarke disbanded Yazoo.
Need to Regenerate
Lanterns can be used for signaling or as light sources for camping.
Having persuaded Clerc to join, Gallaudet sailed back to America.
Each issue featured a review of an artist's discography, with each album analyzed.
For systems using digital signal processing, developers may use a math workbench like Scilab, MATLAB, EICASLAB, MathCad, or Mathematica to simulate mathematics.
The producer is involved in all phases of the film-making process from development to completion.
Young Boys faced Olympique Marseille and lost 2 - 3 with 14,000 spectators.
He is the most important sculptor of the Spanish Renaissance, known for emotive sculptures depicting religious ecstasy or torment.
The term country code refers to international dialing codes, the E.164 calling codes.
Marant is a commune in Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
The nameless dog appears in the NES game Barker Bill's Trick Shooting (another Zapper game) and can be shot.
The book chronicles events in the colony of Windhaven.
The Higgs boson is the only Standard Model particle not observed.
The core may have solid and liquid layers, while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field.
The precursor to Hurricane Beulah was a tropical wave moving across the Atlantic.
With her election, Pelosi became the first woman and Italian-American to hold the Speakership.
Need to Regenerate
Construction was completed in 1254 under Conrad IV.
It is considered one of the most important precursors to the Oscars.
Retrieved 2008 - 12 - 25 Album information The album title "A Little Bit Longer" comes from the song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote about his diabetes.
He is known for his series The Knickerbocker Gang and stories about the talking bike Tom Turbo.
Interrupt-controlled systems are predominantly interrupt-controlled.
The Fatimids were known to exercise religious tolerance towards non-Ismaili sects, Jews, Maltese Christians, and Coptic Christians.
Throwing a pie in a person's face has been a staple of film comedy since Ben Turpin received one in Mr. Flip in 1909 and is often associated with clowns in popular culture.
One attraction, the Triple Hurricane coaster, was named for the storm season.
The population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 in 5,700 households.
Songs from operettas have become standards, notably "Vilja" from The Merry Widow and "You Are My Heart's Delight" from The Land of Smiles.
The fourth and fifth digits designate the urban area (in a district-free city) or the district (in a city with districts).
List of 339 communes in Ardèche, France.
Palestinian voters in Gaza and the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, were eligible to participate in the election.
String theory is a branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum gravity theory.
The following year, the title returned to Raw after champion Triple H was drafted back to the brand during the 2009 WWE Draft.
The river is valuable for hydroelectric power, and the Inga Dams below Pool Malebo are the first to exploit it.
A pulpit (from Latin pulpitum "scaffold", "platform") is an elevated platform from which a member of the clergy delivers a sermon in worship.
On July 17, 2006, the Keck-10m II telescope and its Laser guide star Adaptive Optics system indicated a bilobated shape for Hektor.
Aid in dying is legal in several jurisdictions, including Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and three U.S. states.
The Feast of the Sacred Heart has been a Solemnity in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar since 1856 and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost.
In ancient times, the sea was the birthplace of two civilizations: the Minoans of Crete and the Mycenaean Civilization of Peloponnese.
To remain competitive, Encyclopædia Britannica has stressed the reputation of Britannica, reduced its price and production costs, and developed electronic versions on CD-ROM, DVD, and the Web.
Colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion.
The convention specifies who does not qualify as refugees, such as war criminals.
She was born in Norwich and attended High School before studying music at Cambridge.
This flag was the same, except the golden stripe had a black kanaga figure with arms raised.
Large corporations like GE, Toyota, and Sharp, along with investment firms like Goldman Sachs, are making multi-billion dollar investments in clean technology.
The spot was observed at times with varying sizes and shapes.
Sadomasochism: 12% of females and 22% of males reported an erotic response to a sadomasochistic story.
Hertzsprung-Russell diagrams are not maps of star locations.
Early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary, and boxing prepared them for blows to the head they would receive in battle.
Visitors come to see the gardens, exotic birds roaming freely, Moot Hill, and the palace.
Authorship is attributed to Obadiah, meaning “servant of the Lord.”
Need to Regenerate
Grime is a genre of urban music that emerged in East London in the early 2000s, primarily a development of UK garage, dancehall, and hip hop.
He chose his episcopal motto ("Obedience and Peace"), which became his guiding motto.
A free translation of all but one chapter was produced by Waley.
Their name comes from the mountainous region in northern Algeria they inhabit.
Hilari Bell (born 1958) is an American author.
Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport and Minister for the South West, he was one of the first openly gay MPs.
The Lake Trio returns to nullify the legendary power and break the Red Chain, interrupting the ritual.
Donald Bradman, Australian cricketer regarded as the greatest batsman, was born in Cootamundra.
This structure determines the teams in the playoffs of the American Hockey League.
When the war ended, he became concerned about the development and use of atomic weapons and the destruction caused by war.
Beliefs vary between Baptist churches, especially minor ones.
From 1918 to 1920, the province was under the administration of the Democratic Republic of Armenia as Vanand province (with Kars as capital).
It debuted at #20 on VH1's Top 20 Countdown June 28, 2008.
Queen were an English band.
The Village Phone (Polli Phone) project of GP has provided cell-phone ownership to 260,000 rural poor in over 50,000 villages since March 1997.
Linux distributions appeared after the Linux kernel was used by individuals other than the original programmers.
In 1970, Eddy Merckx rode to collapse while winning the stage.
It has a depth of about 18 inches (46 cm) on the sides and 30 inches (76 cm) in the center.
Diffie-Hellman key exchange (D-H) is a cryptographic protocol that enables two parties with no prior knowledge of each other to establish a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel.
This position in the U.S. Federal Government is similar to finance ministers of other nations.
In late 1997, each member chose an alias.
They use visual signals to communicate with members of the species.
Need to Regenerate
The front decayed, leaving two areas of low pressure.
157 – 69 are regarded as cultural ancestors of the Western Turks – current inhabitants of Azerbaijan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.
In 1252, documents refer to Vaihingen as a town founded by Count Gottfried von Vaihingen.
Lascaux is a cave complex in southwestern France famous for Paleolithic paintings.
A rush hour is a time when traffic congestion on roads and crowding on public transport is worst.
The race culminates with 750m on the concrete of the outdoor velodrome in Roubaix.
He is a brilliant scientist with insight into genetics.
Most of the population of the Central African Republic lives in western parts near Bangui.
Blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and branch into lobules.
After Van Gogh's murder, thousands gathered in Amsterdam to mourn his death.
The New York Rangers won the Stanley Cup, beating the Montreal Maroons and becoming the first U.S.-based team since the NHL's formation to win it, and first since the Seattle Metropolitans in 1917.
In 1876, the committee adopted the name "International Committee of the Red Cross" (ICRC), which is its official designation today.
Release date is 12 April 2024.
The South China Sea Islands, an archipelago, number in hundreds.
The name was used in reference to pesos oro (gold weights) or pesos plata (silver weights).
POP and IMAP are the two common protocols for e-mail retrieval.
During the battle, most Japanese officers were killed, and the Japanese had to air-drop 300 officers by parachute into the battlefield.
After being transferred to Blakeley in 1810, the County Seat moved to Daphne in 1868.
Explorer Francisco Hernández wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease.
This period is known as the Edo period, named after the city Edo, now called Tokyo.
Saxon Switzerland is a climbing area and national park near Dresden in Saxony, Germany.
The Tuvaluan language is spoken by almost everyone, while a language similar to Gilbertese is spoken on Nui.
Gelsenkirchen is home to football club FC Schalke 04.
"Charts 'Mobile' was released in Australia and New Zealand."
Their heaviest league defeats were 10 – 1 to Fulham in 1963 and 9 – 0 to Manchester United in 1995.
Voted into Hall of Fame in 1961.
Handles may be wood or plastic; ferrules are metal (usually steel).
Tristan turns to Isolde, who agrees to follow him into the realm of night.
A report by district Nazi leader Hermann Engst shows authorities planned to punish Kellner at the conclusion of the war.
An open proxy is a proxy server accessible by any user.
Programs are being undertaken by the Tasmanian government to reduce the impact of disease.
It grows to 20 m, although it is typically more stunted.
They occupied an area now the independent cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth, Chesapeake and Virginia Beach.
Reznor released The Slip in 2008 for free.
Wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely, even to oceanic islands, and four species are known from St Helena, including the extinct species W. roxburghii.
Ornithologist Richard Zann died in the Kinglake fire with his wife Eileen and daughter Eva.
Puckian craters are named after mischievous spirits in mythology.
It was designed to be easier than other CAD programs.
The story of Tristan and Isolde is a quintessential romance of the Middle Ages and Renaissance.
Leicester is the largest city in the region, and the largest conurbation is the Nottingham Area.
Such information is not accessible to people with color blindness, on black-and-white printouts, on older displays with fewer colors, on monochrome displays (PDAs, cell phones), and so on.
Neither described God as appearing in three modes.
In the Lemmon film, Jack Lemmon chases and tackles Stallone, thinking Stallone's character is a pickpocket.
The remnants tracked up the East Coast of the United States and were absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on June 5.
Designated to study Jupiter and Saturn, the probes continued their mission into the outer solar system.
Several versions of the protocol exist; versions 1 and 3 occurred only at MIT.
The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) regulates all aspects of aviation in the UK.
The sanctuary of Endymion at Heracleia under Latmus on the southern slope exists as a horseshoe-shaped chamber with an entrance and forecourt.
The nervous system derives color by comparing responses to light from several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye.
The northern part, Restkreis Sankt Wendel, merged into district Birkenfeld, while the southern part remained in Saarland in reduced size.
At that time, the area had the Greta Swamp, which was later drained.
The National Capital Region consists of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between Ontario and Quebec.
His collaborators span a wide range of musical styles; among them are Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Béla Fleck, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Chris Thile, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, Mary Chapin Carpenter, and the trio Nickel Creek.
A lorry (42 - 6452) carrying about 440 pounds of explosives crashed through the main gate of the Central Bank, a high-rise managing most financial business of the country.
In 1795, the British navy adopted lemons or limes as standard issue at sea.
It has four equal sides and four equal angles (90 degrees, or right angles).
Need to Regenerate
After the match, Benoit celebrated his win with Champion Eddie Guerrero.
At The Great American Bash on July 20, 2008, McCool defeated Natalya to become the first Divas Champion.
Kingda Ka is a roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, USA.
The Berber Muslim Almoravids were originally from the area.
Education Act 1902, c. 42 County councils were responsible for strategic services in a region, with smaller urban and rural councils responsible for other activities.
A gas station, fueling station, service station, petrol station, garage, or petrol pump is a facility that sells fuel and lubricants for vehicles.
Modified SUVs participate in races, including the Paris-Dakar Rally and the Australian Outback.
Mélodies continue to be composed today, though the last great composer was Poulenc, who died in 1963.
Romulus, the first moon, was discovered on February 18, 2001, using the Keck II telescope by Michael Brown and Jean-Luc Margot.
They run 20 hours a day, 364 days a year, with 95% operational at any time, and can handle 13,000 passengers per hour.
The Twelve-wired Bird of Paradise, Seleucidis melanoleucus, is a medium-sized, about 33cm long, black and yellow bird of paradise.
Troposodon minor and Sthenurus oreas Simosthenurus occidentalis were as tall as a modern Eastern Grey Kangaroo, but more robust.
The Miss USA beauty contest has been held annually since 1952 to select the U.S. entrant in the Miss Universe pageant.
Few American economists agreed with Keynes in the 1930s.
The Double Standard View is the official position of the Catholic Church.
Jörg Heinrich (born December 6, 1969 in Rathenow) is a German defender.
Peter Richardson negotiated a deal for six half-hour films, using the group as actors rather than performers.
Need to Regenerate
Revolver introduces many acts not played on radio or MTV rather than focus on mainstream acts.
Need to Regenerate
Initially, the aroma is apple-like and pleasant, but it becomes musky when overripe.
Because the neck is invisible, the head and body merge.
Some sources say he was in Paris between 1308 and 1310.
West is Tortugas Bank, which is submerged.
She allegedly discovered the hiding place of three crosses used at the crucifixion of Jesus and the two thieves — Dismas and Gestas — executed with him.
Barker appeared in the 1996 Adam Sandler comedy Happy Gilmore.
Berzelius was born in Väversunda, Östergötland, Sweden.
History of the Furby Dave Hampton and Caleb Chung created the Furby in nine months, plus an additional nine months spent designing the toy.
The state's population is concentrated in South East Queensland, including Brisbane, Logan City, Ipswich, Toowoomba, and the Gold and Sunshine Coasts.
They made up for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba.
The name "Gulf of California" predominates on most English maps.
In the afternoon, the crowd broke into the courtyard and cut the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard.
In the United States, antidepressants and tranquilizers are the top selling class of prescription drugs, with neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also ranking near the top, all with expanding sales.
Libourne is at the confluence of the Isle and Dordogne rivers.
Cameron's wife Noble starred in the film as Hattie Durham.
After the fifth overtime, managers Conn Smythe of the Maple Leafs and Art Ross of the Bruins asked league president Frank Calder to suspend the game, but Calder refused.
Wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his family.
Manchester has twinning arrangements with several places.
Pantaléon Enrique Costanzo Granados y Campiña (27 July 1867 – 24 March 1916) was a Spanish Catalan pianist and composer of classical music.
Hurricane Dog caused damage to the Leeward Islands and was the most severe hurricane on record in Antigua.
The northern French half includes the Collectivité de Saint-Martin and is an overseas collectivity of France.
Railways The town's location in a steep valley hindered railway construction.
Passenger trains ran to Forbes until 1983.
It provided a variety of music, from pop-punk, surf rock, and ska to an acoustic ballad.
Replaced by the 4th Armored Division in 1957, redesignated as the 1st Armored Division in 1971, and moved to Hindenburg Kaserne in Ansbach in 1972.
ISBN 1559390506 ISBN 978-1559390507 Blackman, Sushila (1997).
Need to Regenerate
In 2006, he co-starred in the film Manhattan Minute.
It was discovered from images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20, 1986 and given the temporary designation S / 1986 U 8.
From White Oak, he went to Princeton, where he worked on equilibrium theory.
Many specialize in machine construction, medical equipment, trade, optics, and electronics.
In Smithson's will, he stated that if his nephew, Henry Hungerford, died without heirs, the Smithson estate would go to the U.S. government for creating an "Establishment for the increase & diffusion of Knowledge among men."
Satan represents the so-called sins, as they lead to physical, mental, or emotional gratification.
Prisoners sentenced to incarceration were transferred to Spandau Prison in 1947.
Using tails to support weight, they deliver kicks with powerful legs.
Killzone 2 is a first-person shooter for the PlayStation 3, developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony.
Keymer was an ancient parish that, like its neighbor Clayton, merged into the modern parish of Hassocks.
Combined oral contraceptive use reduces ovarian cancer risk by 40% and endometrial cancer risk by 50% compared to never users.
This category contains articles about motorways in the UK.
The other match was WWE Champion Rob Van Dam defending the title against Edge in a singles match.
Ironically, the antagonistic relationship between Rick and Vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable, as they spend more time together than with the other housemates.
In 1975, these districts were merged to form today's district.
This includes all natural and human accidents and errors calculated over about 160,000 Shinkansen trips.
A confrontation with police occurred at Glenrowan.
The subunguis is the softer, flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the growth direction.
Tobacco: In 1984 he stated that nicotine has addictiveness similar to heroin or cocaine.
Records indicate they began in 776 BC, Olympia, Greece.
During his third appearance, Miller broke his collarbone in a fall.
INVEST 91C was an unusual weather event of 2006.
For official forecasts, see the NHC's advisory archive on Hurricane Karl.
Need to Regenerate
Tropical storms in Arizona are infrequent since the storm track carries most storms forming in the Eastern Pacific away from the Pacific coast of northwestern Mexico.
Chianti Superiore is an Italian DOCG wine produced in Arezzo, Florence, Pisa, Pistoia, Prato, and Siena, Tuscany.
Need to Regenerate
Bollywood plots are melodramatic.
They may be removed for reasons, including impaired nasal breathing and chronic infections or earaches.
Niccolò Machiavelli, author of The Prince, witnessed and wrote about the execution.
Hughes' story "Blessed Assurance" explores a father's anger over his son's effeminacy and queerness.
In 1855, parts of Nash, Edgecombe, Johnston, and Wayne Counties formed Wilson County, North Carolina.
Watonga, Kingfisher, and Geary were the hardest-hit communities, where many houses flooded.
To supply water for steam locomotives, the Commissioners decided to build a dam and pump water to Young Tank.
Unobserved, Susanna re-enters the bedroom with clothing and conceals herself after realizing what is wrong (revealing her presence would result in the worst consequences for the Countess).
The video premiered on MTV's Headbangers Ball on October 25, 2008, as part of the 20th anniversary special.
History The state was created in 1951 from the historical states of Baden, Hohenzollern, and Württemberg, part of Swabia.
After the abolition of slavery in 1835, many Indian and Chinese workers were brought to work the land and cultivate sugar cane to produce rum.
Marxists Internet Archive (also MIA or Marxists.org) is a volunteer-based non-profit organization that maintains a multilingual archive of Marxist writers and similar authors (socialists, anarchists, etc.).
Vättern is the largest body of drinking water in the world.
French troops land at Kilcummin, County Mayo, to assist the Irish rebellion.
The game features co-operative play (co-op) which allows players to complete the story-based single-player mode together.
The state of sympathy is linked with compassion, empathy, and empathic concern.
The Shaolin Temple is a Chán Buddhist temple at Song Shan near Zhengzhou, Henan Province, in Dengfeng, China.
Violet signs the marriage document with her left hand to invalidate the bill.
One is the integer before two and after zero.
From 200 to 30 million years ago, the North American Plate collided with the Farallon Plate.
The British described Cheema as a united, quarrelsome tribe.
As of 2007, a maximum of two builders can be inducted each year.
Synopsis Place: A Spanish prison, a few miles from Seville Time: Late 1700s.
Before the outbreak, Andover, Kansas, recorded the only F5 tornado.
The Hanseatic city of Greifswald is enclosed by the district but does not belong to it.
The team with home-ice advantage hosts Games 1, 2, 5, and 7, while the opponent hosts Games 3, 4, and 6 (Games 5–7 are if needed).
A fugue forms the development of the last movement of his sonata.
He performed for white audiences in the 1900s.
The formation of Armenian revolutionary groups began around the end of the Russo-Turkish War of 1878 and intensified with Article 166 of the Ottoman Penal Code and the Erzerum Cathedral raid.
History The district was created in 1817 as Bilsteiner Kreis; in 1819 the capital was set to Olpe.
Need to Regenerate
Its symbol is "$", with "RD $" used when distinction from other pesos is required; its ISO code is "DOP".
His oeuvre revolutionized tango into a new style called nuevo tango, incorporating elements from jazz and classical music.
Attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the Lahore conspiracy trials were in public attention.
