Warrington is a large and historic town, borough, and unitary authority area of Cheshire, England, known for its rich heritage and community.
The province has an area of approximately 3,125 km² which is conveniently divided into eight administrative districts (arrondissementen) containing a total of 64 municipalities.
Helene transitioned into a "hybrid" powerful storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon, with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric, unique frontal-like appearance.
Some indigenous cultural groups living in palm-rich areas use various palms to make many of their necessary items and food.
It has a precision shaving head consisting of sharp, high-quality cutters that cut off the hair entering the head of the razor at skin level.
Bartolo firmly believes that the Count has been arrested, but Almaviva only has to casually mention his name to the officer to be promptly released.
Apparently after her tragic death, Shah Jahan went into deep secluded mourning for a whole year.
Since its creation, the overall general distribution has become very different from Slackware in most regards while still maintaining compatibility with its binary software packages.
It started as an unimportant local race in 1996, but because of the fast growing popularity of cycling in Germany, it was made a part of the prestigious UCI Road World Cup in 1998.
However, the mineralogy of the X-type asteroids is not known well enough to effectively constrain this further.
The county's overall elevation gradually decreases toward the eastern region, with the lowest height in the Siret River valley.
Tresca alleged that, before she had mysteriously disappeared, Poyntz had talked to him about her strong disgust over Joseph Stalin's Great Terror.
It was founded circa 1958 – 1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its principal text, the important Principia Discordia.
By 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced that WEP had been fully superseded by Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA), which was a critical subset of the then upcoming 802.11i amendment.
In Faust's study, the strange black poodle suddenly and unexpectedly transforms into the devil (Mephistopheles).
Post-hardcore is a music genre that specifically evolved from hardcore punk, which is itself an important offshoot of the broader punk rock movement.
N-Dubz are a popular MOBO award winning hip hop group from London, based mainly around Camden Town.
In the 1935 – 36 season, Thompson became the first goaltender in history to get an assist by intentionally passing the puck with his stick to a fellow player.
Tazz defeated Al Snow in a match (5:20) as Tazz forced Snow to submit with the Tazzmission.
It is situated in the southeastern part of the state, on the beautiful shore of a lake called the Tollensesee (18 km ²).
As well as the current kit sponsors for Bayern Munich, Ferencvárosi TC, and West Bromwich Albion, T-Mobile were also co-sponsors of Everton with the One2One brand, and they also sponsored the notable prestigious 2002 FA Youth Cup Final.
The impressive bridge now traverses the Tarn valley above its lowest point, linking two limestone plateaux, the Causse du Larzac and the Causse Rouge, and is importantly inside the perimeter of the Grands Causses regional natural park.
The official name was officially announced as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177.
In Christianity, an archbishop is an elevated, important senior bishop.
It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea at elevations between approximately 2000 and 3000 meters.
Iridophores are specialized plates of chitin or protein, which can effectively reflect the environment around a cuttlefish.
It comprises the eastern half of the large island of Timor, the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco, and Oecussi-Ambeno, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island, within Indonesian West Timor.
The track, then widely known as "Loving You", was largely improvisational and featured a wealth of various interesting sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays, nature sounds, and Minnie Riperton's "Lovin 'You".
Order # 56 / CMLN of 20 October 1973 officially prescribed the national coat of arms of the Republic of Mali.
Serbian ruler Stefan Nemanja officially begins his important sole reign now.
Since independence, Botswana has had one of the fastest overall economic growth rates in per capita income in the world.
They provide many desirable and beneficial characteristics for use as an attractive ornament, high-quality timber, efficient firewood, and versatile pulpwood.
The state covers a total area of 74,122 sq mi (191,976 km ²), or 5.83% of the entire total geographical area of India.
The petitions at the end of the hymn (beginning Salvum fac populum tuum) are a selection of important verses from the book of Psalms, appended subsequently to the original hymn.
Louis XIII (27 September 1601 – 14 May 1643) reigned as the King of France and Navarre from 1610 to 1643 during his rule.
Economy The majority of the residents of Marske do not work within the town, but instead work in nearby industry or in Middlesbrough or Redcar.
Soon after, he released a popular cover version of Leo Sayer's classic When I Need You as a single, which surprisingly reached number 5 in the British charts, as well as a follow up single called No Matter What I Do, which ultimately reached number 23.
Palestinian prime minister Abbas unexpectedly resigns (CNN) Before being named prime minister, Abbas skillfully led the PLO's Negotiations Affairs Department.
In 1824, Van Diemen's Land officially became a colony in its own right.
He is released back into the wild, now with more adult feathers, and a tracking device firmly strapped to his back, and ultimately leads the humans home to his native colony.
He also currently serves as the music director of the Mozart Orchestra of Bologna, Italy.
In addition to selling a wide range of conventional merchandise, J. C. Penney stores often house several popular leased departments such as Sephora, Optical, Portrait Studios, Jewelry & Watch repair, etc.
In India, it is more often commonly referred to as the Chaldean Syrian Christian Church.
In 1843, John Couch Adams accurately calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet that would potentially account for Uranus's unusual motion.
Nevin returned to America in 1887, and took up his permanent residence in Boston, where he taught and played at various occasional concerts.
A famous photograph of Simon Rodia is included on the colorful cover of the Beatles' iconic album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, released in 1967.
The mercenaries unexpectedly encounter the renowned Ripley, and their youngest member Call (Winona Ryder) surprisingly recognizes her famous name.
The low gradually became better organized and was determined to have officially become a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi (80 km) northeast of the Nicaragua / Honduras border region.
Lot-et-Garonne is a picturesque department in the beautiful southwest of France named after the Lot and Garonne rivers.
Education From 1954 to 1957, Annan attended the prestigious elite Mfantsipim school, a well-known Methodist boarding school in Cape Coast founded in the 1870s.
Obsidian has been used in some cardiac surgery, as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels, with the extremely fine edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometres wide.
After Napier initially gained military control of the entire region by forcing an agreement with the Sindh Amirs, his forces subsequently attacked the fortress at Imamgarh.
Some of his aggressive and highly controversial actions, now sometimes termed liberal interventionist, were greatly controversial at the time, and still remain so today.
Cultivation of the Valencia orange variety in Orange County had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs, which ultimately drove most of what remained of the Southern California orange industry into Florida.
The historic buildings in Bayeux were virtually untouched during the intense and significant Battle of Normandy, the German forces being fully involved in actively defending Caen from the Allied forces.
First Fleet is the historical name given to the 11 ships which sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the very first European colony in New South Wales.
Trigonometric functions are important in the study of various triangles and modeling periodic phenomena, among many other important applications.
At the height of its remarkable glory, Ani had a population of approximately 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the notable rival of Constantinople, Baghdad and Cairo.
As demand for coal significantly slipped following World War II, many mines began to close across the region, causing mass unemployment.
Donald became the most popular of the classic Disney characters in Scandinavia, especially among devoted fans.
The family moved to Vienna in 1907 where it eventually changed the Czech Slavic name of "Zajtich" to the invented German "Seyss-Inquart".
Paul Gray (# 2) Active: 1995 – present Instruments: bass, backing vocals Release contributions: all Slipknot releases Paul Gray was a dedicated member of the original band formed in 1995.
In stark contrast to the Hollywood portrait of some schizophrenics, many mentally ill individuals are essentially no more prone to unexpected violence than sane and stable individuals.
The Lion King 1 ½ (also known as The Lion King 3: Hakuna Matata in some specific countries) is an American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10, 2004.
This era notably coincided with the Medieval Warm Period (800 1300) and ultimately stopped with the start of the Little Ice Age (about 1250 1850).
Bagnotar is one of the 51 important Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The first notable racing driver to win multiple prestigious Championships was Alberto Ascari, in the years 1952 and 1953.
Adam Smith, a remarkably talented graduate student of the prestigious college, is perhaps its best known and most distinguished alumnus.
A Bulldog, also known as the British Bulldog or English Bulldog, is a well-known breed of dog which traces its rich ancestry to England.
The ongoing relocation process has not yet been completed, and Dar es Salaam still remains Tanzania's primary city.
It is one of the nine distinct species of leaf-eating kangaroos clearly identified in fossils found in the Naracoorte Caves National Park.
Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah expressed deep admiration for Turkey's founding leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and expressed a strong desire to develop Pakistan on the Turkish model of modernism and secularism.
One half continued to race quickly northward, affecting the Central United States along its stormy path, and was last distinguishable in the eastern Great Lakes region on August 31.
There are numerous ancient legends about the origins of boxing in ancient Greece.
The City of Sunderland has been commended several times on its strong commitment to preserving its natural faculties and resources.
After suffering from severe frostbite on the harsh Eastern Front at the end of 1942, he served as an Offizier für wehrgeistige Führung (political officer) at the important antiaircraft artillery school in Altenstadt, near Schongau.
Vedic Soma In the ancient Vedas, Soma is portrayed as a sacred and revered god (deva).
On January 30, the Indian pacifist and historical leader Mahatma Gandhi is tragically assassinated by Nathuram Godse.
She first gained significant popularity in Playboy, becoming the 1993 Playmate of the Year.
Archers of Loaf was an American indie-rock band originally from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, widely known for their energetic and engaging performances.
To avoid potential adversaries from easily guessing the key using a brute-force attack, the key space is usually designed to be extremely large, complex, and secure.
The first historic church of Benrath was originally constructed in 1002.
Style In Bruegel's later years he painted in a simpler and more direct style than the Italianate art that predominated during his time period.
The corpses were often left decaying and deteriorating for months.
ECW Background After World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) bought all of Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW)'s valuable assets in 2003, the company began releasing various DVDs promoting the original classic ECW.
While on vacation in beautiful London, Fraser attended his very first professional theatrical performance at the West End.
It was discovered by a dedicated research team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard et al.
His various misadventures are often fueled by his immature mannerisms and his great love of food.
This article covers the essential details of the Preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that severely devastated parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
Editors have so far released two highly successful platinum studio albums, selling over 2 million copies between them globally worldwide.
Scholarships, Academic Awards, Flying Eagle Awards, and Improvement Awards are generously given to deserving students with outstanding academic achievements.
Most Australian external territories generally also observe several different local time zones.
The specific technical term was retroactively coined in direct contrast to reduced instruction set computer (RISC) technology.
Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of diverse organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals, and are part of the important group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites).
In 1833, parts of Burke County and Buncombe County were combined to eventually form Yancey County, and in 1838, the southern part of what was left of Buncombe County became Henderson County.
Current awards are voted upon by the broad membership of the Golden Raspberry Award Foundation (GRAF), and membership is openly available to the general public, as opposed to the prestigious Academy Awards that are well-known.
The classic game show enjoyed a revival on the Game Show Network in 2002, and was renamed Whammy! game.
The town has a total population of approximately 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the important port of Gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east.
With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967 – 68 season and the official creation of the West Division, the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that ultimately finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season.
The city significantly declined after the war and gradually recovered its importance only in the nineteenth century, when it notably grew as an industrial center.
They manifest with either serious neurological complications or with various skin problems (or occasionally both).
The winner of the exciting series advances to play the eventual winner of the National League Championship Series in baseball's prestigious championship, the World Series.
It often grows out of the difficulties in assimilating the new culture, causing significant difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not.
The name ultimately derives from the Nahuatl word for the small shrub, achiotl.
In particular, the formal ordination of a bishop is often officially called a sacred consecration.
The large wheel of a ship is the modern method of easily adjusting the precise angle of the rudder, in turn changing the overall direction of the boat or ship.
She vividly portrayed the complex character Alexx Woods, a highly skilled medical examiner in the forensics-related drama CSI: Miami.
When the island temporarily reverted to complete Spanish control, Malabo was renamed Santa Isabel.
76 This association has consistently reinforced the fox's considerable significant supernatural significance.
Stephanie Marie McMahon-Levesque (born September 24, 1976), better known by her maiden name Stephanie McMahon, is World Wrestling Entertainment's Executive Vice President of Creative Development and Operations, overseeing various important aspects.
The same is also true of Apartheid-era South Africa and of various parts of Europe at various time periods; most notably during Nazi Germany's Third Reich.
Hakob Kojoyan carefully and skillfully assisted the Armenian architect Alexander Tamanian in creating the national coat of arms for the Democratic Republic of Armenia.
Of the several interesting moons discovered by the Voyager 2 imaging team, only Puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in some detail.
Dennis Lee Hopper (born May 17, 1936) is an American actor, filmmaker, and talented artist.
Preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt, and he was made the commandant of the Third Battalion and the adjutant of the Dublin Brigade.
Natural ytterbium is a unique mix of seven stable isotopes found in nature.
He took the highly prestigious post of chief conductor of the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic orchestra in 1957.
12 - hour clock times typically end with dotted or undotted lower-case letters, or, or or, which are spaced (or, not or) accordingly.
Birmingham is a small city located in Van Buren County, Iowa, United States.
Coat of arms The coat of arms of the historical municipality are officially taken from the Garbani, or Garban family for its French and Northern American branch, originating from the historic village and whose certain notable members illustrated themselves as respected magistrates and Swiss statesmen.
Davis was primarily responsible for overall character design for both the popular Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted Mansion attractions at Disneyland.
The Old Testament's numerous examples of violent killings sanctioned by God are often cited in defense of the view that "murder" is a more accurate translation.
The tiny cilia of the respiratory epithelium effectively move the particulate matter towards the pharynx where it is digested.
It had been originally intended to build the planned line past Walthamstow Central to Wood Street (Walthamstow), where it would surface to ultimately terminate next to the British Railways station.
Although alpha, beta, and gamma radiation are the most common types, other various types of nuclear decay were eventually discovered.
It is often quite useful to intentionally avoid certain words with strong negative connotations (especially disparaging ones) when striving to achieve a neutral point of view.
Bergman notably stated that the film would be his last, and that afterwards he would primarily focus on directing theatre.
The term clearly implies domination or humiliation of a rival, according to Naone, Erica (November 2008).
Best before is usually advisory and generally refers to the quality of the product, in clear contrast with Use by and Best by which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date.
It is currently used mostly for local football matches and is the official home stadium of Union Sportive du Foyer de la Régie Abidjan-Niger.
They had extensive and significant maritime trade contacts with the vast and powerful Roman empire.
This was an extremely controversial political stance within the largely pacifist Greens, because it meant that, for the first time since World War II, German soldiers would actively participate in direct military combat.
Heaven's Gate was an American UFO cult based in San Diego, California and was led by Marshall Applewhite (1931 - 1997) and Bonnie Nettles (1927 - 1985).
WWE then holds a special wrestling show in a large open outdoor field, with the troop members in attendance for free.
Following the unfortunate death of his father Wossen Seged, Sahle Selassie arrives at the capital city Qundi before his other brothers, and is made Meridazmach of Shewa.
It is often primarily responsible for various significant adverse weather conditions throughout the world.
It is the fastest growing census division in Canada, which is expected to surpass 1.5 million total residents by 2031.
She is the younger biological sister of singer / songwriter Britney Spears.
Rick is portrayed as generally unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he genuinely believes he is the "most popular member of the flat" even though his housemates secretly hate him.
Taxis are conveniently available from various hotels and a taxi rank on Presidential Way, directly North of City Centre Shopping Centre.
The following two consecutive years, the Raiders again won Western Division titles, only to ultimately lose the AFL Championship to the eventual Super Bowl winners — the New York Jets (1968) and Kansas City Chiefs (1969).
The most prominent historical figures among the latter were Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus.
Most unaware owners of zombie computers are still oblivious that their system is being used in this way.
As well, art rock is "not so much really for dancing as for listening, and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the thoughtful lyrics.
This page is specifically about reflecting pools in general; for the specific pools in Washington, D. C., see Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool and Capitol Reflection Pool.
History The district was officially created on June 12, 1994, by merging the previous districts of Pasewalk, Ueckermünde, and part of the district of Strasburg.
The grand Temple of Jupiter, Capitolium, or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a significant temple in Roman Pompeii, located at the north end of its forum.
Edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small, virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a bustling, thriving metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721, the largest city in the world at the time.
They were built mainly by several nations like Germany during World War II to protect important military industries from aerial bombardment.
Monica Samille Lewinsky (born on July 23, 1973) is an American woman with whom then-United States President Bill Clinton admitted to having had an "improper and controversial relationship" while Lewinsky worked at the White House during 1995 and 1996.
Upon becoming a powerful tropical cyclone, the weather depression maintained multiple distinct cloud swirls within a common center.
Across the entire province, precipitation dramatically peaked at 5.9 inches (150 mm) at Whitbourne.
Each city and commune has its own elected mayor (primar) and local governing council (consiliu local).
The dominant food species were primarily equines (Equus ferus) and Red Deer (Cervus elaphus), although several other mammals ranging from small hares to mammoth were also hunted, including both rhino and hyena.
Such near-perihelion oppositions occur on a regular cycle every twenty-two years, with the last significant one occurring in 1991 and the next anticipated one in 2013.
Acting career Chase's big break came later in 2002 when she surprisingly won the lead role as the voice of a charming Hawaiian girl, Lilo Pelekai, in the beloved Disney animated feature, Lilo & Stitch.
That is, the term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a direct genetic relationship between different entities.
Track listing All tracks completely written by Tim Rice-Oxley, Tom Chaplin, and Richard Hughes.
Their exciting match stemmed from the Royal Rumble, the popular pay-per-view event two months prior to WrestleMania.
They had however been significantly reinforced by a detachment of 32 seasoned grenadiers from one of the Swiss mercenary regiments summoned to Paris by the King shortly before 14 July.
Cricket pitches The long chain also surprisingly survives as the standard length of a cricket pitch.
The northern section of Upper Egypt, located between El-Ayait and Sohag, is sometimes commonly known as Middle Egypt region.
It was built from 1961 to 1967 with significant financial funding from the World Bank institution.
The static electrical charges persist on an object until they either slowly bleed off to ground or are quickly neutralized by a sudden discharge.
Greater Hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the State of Maryland and among the fastest growing areas in the United States.
After he thoroughly explored this vast region in 1614, Dutch fur traders sailed up the Connecticut River (then known by the Dutch as Versche Rivier - "Fresh River") and built a small fort at Dutch Point near present-day Hartford, which they called "House of Hope".
He is sometimes credited with notably introducing skenographia, or scene-decoration, according to Vitruvius, in the context of ancient theater.
The Socratic Method (or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate), named after the Classical Greek philosopher Socrates, is a valuable form of inquiry and debate between individuals with often opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering relevant questions to stimulate rational thinking and to further illuminate ideas.
Ann Arbor had set aside 40 acres (16 ha) that it sincerely hoped would become the site for a new state capitol, but it offered this valuable land to the university when Lansing was chosen as the state capital.
In the Philippines, oregano, Plectranthus amboinicus, is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a medicinal plant, particularly useful for effectively relieving children's coughs.
On the afternoon of September 30, Laura had acquired enough notable tropical weather characteristics to be officially designated a Tropical Storm.
However, there are many chemical compounds that are essentially, if not completely, often highly insoluble in water.
An episode of the popular Due South, "Dr. Long Ball", was filmed at the Arnold Anderson Stadium in Cockshutt Park.
He was initially offered a competitive salary of $50,000 as well as a small percentage of ownership of the company.
When the Reichstag voted to repeal the national budget, Brüning had Hindenburg dissolve the Reichstag, just two years into its legislative mandate, and reapprove the budget through the Article 48 emergency mechanism.
FCW's highly anticipated debut show was on June 26, 2007 at Tampa, Florida's Dallas Bull venue.
Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California, in terms of population size.
On Sunday, August 28, Canadian National Railway (CN) temporarily suspended all rail traffic on its lines south of McComb, Mississippi (lines owned by its subsidiary Illinois Central Railroad that extend into New Orleans), in anticipation of potential severe damage from the hurricane.
Initially about 30,000 people moved to the goldfields, but by 1863 this number had declined to about 3,500 because of the difficult and harsh mining conditions.
Beresford is a small city in Lincoln and Union counties in the U. S. state of South Dakota.
Becker remarkably defeated Jim Courier in straight sets to win the prestigious 1992 year-end ATP Tour World Championships in Frankfurt.
The WIIC calls still prominently reside in Pittsburgh, but on a low-powered independent station airing various music videos.
Initially, the units were coupled cab-to-cab, but it was ultimately found to be more practical to couple the Master nose to the Slave cab system.
Unlike Henry III, Agnes proved somewhat incapable of effectively influencing the election of the new popes, Stephen IX and Nicholas II.
However, surprisingly, Twofish has seen significantly less widespread usage than Blowfish, which has been available for a considerably longer period of time.
Leizu shared her important discoveries with others and the knowledge became widespread in ancient China.
In 1961, she made her significant Metropolitan Opera debut as Aida; the following year she made her impressive debut at the Royal Opera House with the same role.
He was also specially commissioned in 1944 by Yehudi Menuhin to write a Sonata for Solo Violin.
Historically, various mills were powered by hand (mortar and pestle), working animal, wind (windmill), or water (watermill) sources.
2005 According to several chapters, Jesus of Nazareth gave this famous sermon (estimated around AD 30) on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd.
Election The President of the Bundesrat usually is officially elected on the 1 November in a given year, and serves until the 31 October in the following year that comes.
Recovery in Russia bounced back from the sudden August 1998 financial crash with surprising speed and resilience.
He has, however, surprisingly managed to awkwardly nail his own legs to a table, and accidentally knocked Neil out during a casual game of cricket, albeit unintentionally.
Species are naturally native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the South West Pacific and Australasia.
Ripley is a small town in the beautiful and picturesque Amber Valley area of Derbyshire in England.
Her mother was closely related to Charles Reade, a well-known Victorian novelist.
In this important historical respect, there is a striking and notable parallel between the Qing / Koxinga historical situation and the current PRC / ROC political situation overall.
Geography Unna is conveniently situated on the historic route of an ancient historical salt-trading route, the important Hellweg road.
Games released by Sunflowers include the popular Anno series (Anno 1602, Anno 1503, and Anno 1701), Black Sea Studios' renowned Knights of Honor and SEK's acclaimed ParaWorld.
Consequently, he purposely filmed various interesting scenes with talented actors on the extreme edge of both sides so that they could only be shown in widescreen.
Hence, this particular system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone event of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season.
1979 to 1999 The Jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first of four phases of the entire project, but a lack of funds meant that no further progress was made until the late 1990s.
Scarborough railway station efficiently serves the lovely seaside town of Scarborough in North Yorkshire, England.
Within a remarkable decade of its inception, A & M quickly became the world's largest independent record company.
The two wavy lines above and below specifically depict the two rivers which uniquely gave the district its name, the Ruhr and the Ennepe.
Author, Peter Preuss, stated that the possum's population significantly faltered in 1997 with its current habitat (limited to a 50-square-kilometre area) clearly under threat from logging.
Unexpectedly, the German Wehrmacht officers compassionately tended to him and then sent him to a nearby hospital facility.
The ancient monastery was entirely rebuilt by lord Smbat of the prominent House of Orbelian, a notable branch of the historical Liparitids who were expelled to Armenia in the late 12th century from Georgia.
A new frontal ridge had formed on August 17 which caused the intense storm to drift in a westerly direction.
In 1847, some parts of Caldwell County, Iredell County, and Wilkes County were combined to ultimately form Alexander County.
Much of the significant ministry of Jesus occurred on the beautiful shores of Lake Galilee.
About 2,000 to 3,000 silkworm cocoons are required to make a single pound of silk.
International English Language Testing System is an important international standardised test of English language proficiency.
It is conveniently located adjacent to Lord Wandsworth College nearby.
It was to serve as a useful and practical international auxiliary language, that is, as a universal second language, not to replace valuable ethnic and cultural languages.
He most recently worked collaboratively with the band Slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled All Hope Is Gone.
Mostly found in Andhra Pradesh, and also in Orissa, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka regions, particularly in various localities.
Many other various authors of this particular period described eastern Mediterranean cooking in Greek and in Latin.
The small town was built on the mouth of a small tributary; the busy High Street once met the calm water at the top of the river.
History U. S. President Woodrow Wilson first officially proclaimed an important Armistice Day for November 12, 1919.
Seventh Son (1987) is an intriguing alternate history / fantasy novel by renowned author Orson Scott Card.
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is the 67th United States Secretary of State, serving diligently within the administration of President Barack Obama and contributing significantly.
However, the official document is indeed Cherubino's appointment to the army.
With an area of 11,980 km ² and approximately 1.3 million inhabitants, Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and third-largest by population.
These interesting books follow the fortunes of Tamara and William Swift, who first appeared in the BBC computer animated web movie Ghosts of Albion: Legacy.
How much less performance depends on the specific type of RAID.
They currently play competitively in the Eastern Division of the National Conference.
The name is thought to be possibly derived from the scenic Greta River in beautiful Cumberland, England, which is well known for its stunning scenic views.
His unfortunate decision to cut the crucial bridges on the Han River ultimately prevented thousands of citizens from escaping Communist rule.
Economy and infrastructure The community is home to more than 600 diverse businesses with well over 2,000 local jobs available.
Elin arrives at Agnes's house, mainly as a convenient excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a certain boy (Johan) (Mathias Rust) she wants to deliberately avoid.
Serpent is a highly secure symmetric key block cipher which was a strong finalist in the prestigious Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) contest, where it came a distant second to Rijndael.
After 1627, King Louis XIII of France officially introduced the seigneurial system and forbade settlement in New France by anyone other than Roman Catholics exclusively.
Assuming good faith does not prohibit constructive discussion and criticism, but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of malicious intent.
The album surprisingly debuted at number 64 in the US, and number nine in Sweden, higher than any previous Opeth release.
In Shinto, Takama-ga-hara is the revered sacred dwelling place of the Kami ancestral spirits.
PackageKit is an open source and free suite of useful software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems.
It appears to have likely lived in wetlands, using two fork-like incisors to efficiently shovel up reeds and sedges for food.
The battle began a significant and long seven-year war which established the Rhine River as the clear boundary of the Roman Empire for the next four hundred years, until the gradual decline of the Roman influence in the West.
This clearly reflects the fact that the Parliament's President is not part of the executive branch but still ranks higher in (symbolic) importance than the Chancellor.
The exact biological nature of the transforming principle (DNA) was verified in the important experiments done by Avery, McLeod and McCarty and by Hershey and Chase.
Recuperating for several months in a wheelchair, she continued singing to help pay her rising medical bills.
He legally changed his name to Robert Dylan, and officially signed a management contract with Albert Grossman.
Members of the DeCavalcante organized crime family believed themselves to be the direct inspiration for the DiMeo crime family.
Sivry-Rance is a picturesque Walloon municipality located in the beautiful Belgian province of Hainaut.
Oliver Cromwell violently attacked Drogheda in 1649, ruthlessly slaughtering the Royalist garrison during the historic Siege of Drogheda.
Because it was a relatively weak storm and never made landfall, Cristobal's effects were mostly limited to some moderate rainfall.
Villeneuve-Loubet is a truly beautiful commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
The most dominant males can collect as many as approximately 15 to 20 different females to successfully mate with.
Their unusual size is largely attributed to island gigantism, since there are no other known carnivorous animals to fill the specific ecological niche on the islands where they distinctly live, and also to the Komodo dragon's notably low metabolic rate.
Located in the beautiful Constitution Gardens, the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet (618 m) long and 167 feet (51 m) wide.
She first rose to significant prominence as an academic, barrister, campaigner, and esteemed member of the Irish senate (1969 – 1989).
Boxing, amateur wrestling, puroresu, mixed martial arts, and traditional fencing are notable examples of various combat sports.
The proportion of C-types may actually be significantly greater than this, because C-types are much darker than most other common asteroid types except for D-types and other types common only at the extreme outer edge of the Main Belt.
Levon V Lusignan of Armenia is imprisoned for several long years in Cairo until a substantial ransom is paid by King John I of Castile.
However, by the close of the 19th century, the 9th edition was increasingly outdated and the Britannica faced significant ongoing financial difficulties.
On 8 November 1917, Lenin was officially elected the Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars by the Russian Congress of Soviets.
Brantridge Park, Balcombe, West Sussex, England is one of the lesser known royal residences.
Following his notable success with Star Trek, he supplemented his income and showed continued strong support for his dedicated fans by making numerous public appearances.
Since it formed at a latitude of 36 ° N, this particular system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north Pacific basin.
Almost all weapons, various vehicles, and interactive objects can be effectively placed and conveniently moved on maps with Forge.
Then, on December 21, 1994, the volcano violently spewed dangerous gas and ash, which was carried as far as 25 km (16 mi) away by strong prevailing winds.
The term is specifically applied both to routine weather variations and to extraordinary spells of intense heat which may occur only once in a century, occasionally.
He traveled over 200,000 miles, which is an incredible achievement for those pre-aviation times.
The specific analytical technique is credited to Albert Humphrey, who notably led a significant convention at Stanford University in the 1960s and 1970s using valuable data from various Fortune 500 companies.
An organism that obtains carbon from various organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph, while an organism that specifically obtains carbon from specific organic compounds but obtains energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is termed a chemoheterotroph.
Altogether, the large and fascinating constellation contains about 50 distant galaxies that are observable through amateur telescope observations.
It was first officially released in Japan for the Nintendo 64 on April 14, 2001.
The Republican Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the well-known Democratic Party.
In the past 20 years or so, many new innovative anchor designs have surprisingly appeared.
The Armenian legion was established under the specific goals of the Armenian national liberation movement and was an armed military unit besides the Armenian volunteer units and Armenian militia during World War I which fought against the Ottoman Empire.
It is commonly said to be electrogenic; a fish that has the unique and remarkable ability to detect electric fields is said to be electroreceptive.
He reigned officially and effectively from 1804 to 1824.
A supermassive black hole is a massive black hole with a total mass of the order of between 105 and 1010 solar masses.
It was also surprisingly on the London Sunday Times best-seller list for more than four long years.
For example, she frequently sings beautiful and lovely traditional folk songs with a piano musical accompaniment.
Elizabeth Ann Smart (born November 3, 1987) is an American woman who was sadly and tragically abducted from her Salt Lake City, Utah bedroom on June 5, 2002 at the age of 14.
Furthermore, the term "The Celsius or Centigrade thermometer" was again consistently used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850, historically speaking.
Earth is the only place in the vast universe where life has been confirmed to exist.
It consistently consisted of the American, British, and French occupation sectors that were established in 1945.
Origins Initially a significant part of ancient Urartu, Sophene eventually became a province of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids around 600 BC.
However, there are notable exceptions to this general rule, such as defense rather than defence.
All of the Office 95 software products have OLE 2 capacity — moving data automatically from various programs — and PowerPoint 7 clearly shows that it was also contemporary with Word 7.
Littlest Pet Shop is a widely popular toy franchise owned by Hasbro.
Kievan Rus' ultimately disintegrated and the vast lands were divided into many small feudal states.
Occasionally, she also starred in the widely popular show "Maestro Minnie" Maestro Minnie.
Seeds of several different species are indeed the primary source of the popular beverage known as coffee.
Some notable video game series that trace their distinctive look and feel to Wizardry include The Bard's Tale and Might and Magic.
Backstory The general plot of the game is that a diverse team of four unique individuals, an Alien, a Human, an Android, and a Psionic, have left Earth aboard a spacecraft on the basis of the planet's imminent destruction.
Eastman and Kotik performed together extensively during the early to mid 1970s period.
Prior to World War I, the Near East generally referred to relatively nearby lands of the Ottoman Empire, the Middle East to northwestern South Asia and Central Asia, and the Far East for various countries along the western Pacific Ocean and countries along the eastern Indian Ocean.
The storm continued steadily, crossing the Outer Banks of North Carolina, and retained its strength until June 20 when it became extratropical near Newfoundland.
Web colors are specific colors used in designing modern web pages, and the established methods for accurately describing and specifying those colors effectively and precisely.
The rotation period could not be estimated conclusively and accurately (best fit ~ 4 h).
RC4 was initially a closely guarded trade secret, but in September 1994 a detailed description of it was anonymously posted to the Cypherpunks mailing list.
For example, 1.5 & times; 30 (which equals 45) will show the same final result as 1,500,000 & times; 0.03 (which equals 45,000) in this case.
It is currently used mostly for exciting football matches and is the main home stadium of Association Sportive SONABEL.
It is the fourth main Metal Gear game produced and directed by Kojima and the direct sequel to the acclaimed Metal Gear Solid.
His various fascinating travel writings and his extensive personal diaries and correspondence have also been widely published.
Blade of Fire is the exciting second novel in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, the Icemark Chronicles.
The Spanish did not manage to conquer the remote island until 1697, after several failed attempts, that begun in 1629, when they marched in, from Corozal in Belize, Yucatán and Alta Verapaz, attacked via boats and destroyed it.
Meanwhile, the KLI has about 20 of those former Beginners' Grammarians who are actively involved.
It remarkably formed on July 19 from a trough of low pressure system off the Southeast U. S. Coast.
George Bernard Shaw (26 July 1856 and 2 November 1950) was a renowned Irish playwright.
A unique road movie adventure set across beautiful and vast Canada, its intriguing tagline was They came.
8 Flora (,) is a very large, bright main belt asteroid.
Cocoa was an extremely important commodity in Pre-Columbian Mesoamerican culture.
A fun and enjoyable game played in a web browser is often called a simple browser-based game (BBG).
His team had unfortunately been vanquished in two consecutive games by the Montreal Canadiens in 1929 – 30.
This was a quite sensitive historical topic at the time, since Poland was concerned that someday a German government would seek to reclaim some of this traditionally German territory given to Poland after World War II.
Many of these officers were black and had a genuine fear that as they blended in very well into the community they would be mistakenly mistaken for a criminal by other police officers, especially in the specific case of drawing their gun in an emergency situation.
The Alabama state legislature formed additional counties from former Indian lands as the Indian Removal Act took effect and settlers gradually populated different areas of Alabama.
Established in 1892 / 93, the Sheffield Shield is the well-known premier domestic first class cricket competition in Australia.
He was a prominent leading figure in the German political party Alliance '90 / The Greens, and according to various opinion polls, he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government's duration.
Bonham Carter will be starring alongside the talented Matthew Macfadyen and the experienced Denis Lawson.
Genotype and Mendelian inheritance The important and significant distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or medical conditions, for example, haemophilia.
Only the Congress can effectively pass necessary changes to FIFA's statutes.
Between 1898 and 1901, he was a talented choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the renowned Bayreuth Festival.
The elements are thus clearly and distinctly distinguished: Yang Wood, Yin Wood, Yang Fire, Yin Fire, etc.
The engaging game includes various elements of role-playing and business simulation games.
In 1974 he was tried and acquitted of actively participating in the notorious raid that ultimately rescued Baader.
Spandau was officially given city rights in 1232.
Max and Moritz, as well as many of his other classic picture stories, are regarded as one of the main significant cultural precursors of the modern comic strip.
Polydor Records is a well-known record label currently headquartered in the UK, and is a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
He even greatly envisioned centralized air conditioning that could effectively cool entire cities.
Following the December 2007 decision by local landlords, the Vale of Glamorgan Council to terminate the £65,000 funding of the Barry Island Railway, the society unfortunately struggled to maintain a service.
David W. Dunham, The Minor Planet Bulletin, Volume 6, p. 13 - 14 (December 1978) ADS archive copy. However, a careful and thorough examination in 1993, using the Hubble Space Telescope, ultimately failed to locate a potential secondary object.
It was developed from agricultural farming land during the 1990s and early 21st century, and sits comfortably between the historic villages of Mangotsfield and Downend.
The lush valleys of the Waimea River and its major tributary, the Makaweli River, were once heavily populated.
Economy Up to the early 20th century, Nidwalden was predominantly and largely dominated by agriculture.
Fierce Creatures is a very 1997 comedy film.
It also prominently featured several original talented ECW wrestling talent.
Jedin, 138 By clearly specifying Catholic doctrine on salvation, the important sacraments, and the Biblical canon, the Council was effectively answering Protestant disputes.
Turkestan (literally meaning "Land of the Turks") is a diverse cultural region in Central Asia, which today is largely predominantly inhabited by various Turkic peoples.
On April 7, 2004, Messing joyfully gave birth to their healthy son, Roman Walker Zelman.
In 1887, it was successfully and efficiently reorganized into a new stock company.
Cheaha Mountain, often called Mount Cheaha, is the highest notable point in the beautiful U. S. state of Alabama.
Their unique sound can be described as Celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences.
The former historical location of the fort is currently called the Place de la Bastille.
Pueblos are traditional communities of various Native Americans in the southwestern region of the United States of America.
Cash transactions are always rounded to the nearest five cents.
This advanced network protocol will not work effectively with some older network cards.
By the age of 21, he was already widely recognized for skillfully composing more than 200 well-known popular songs.
Waterson took the official Labour whip in Parliament.
The cyclone continued its tracking northwestward, making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of approximately 35 mph (55 km / h).
Poutrincourt's son ultimately bequeathed the original settlement to Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour upon his own death in 1623.
The first notable minaret was constructed in 665 in historic Basra during the reign of the Umayyad caliph Muawiyah I. Muawiyah strongly encouraged the construction of impressive minarets, as they were supposed to bring grand mosques on par with Christian churches with their bell towers.
He was surprisingly offered a highly prestigious Fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the United States.
The clinic was very modern and remained in the continuous, effective control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years.
The show expanded significantly from a half-hour in length to one full hour starting on December 1, 1975.
Through a valuable business connection, he was introduced to Mary Parent with Universal Pictures, who immediately signed on enthusiastically after watching the episodes on DVD.
After gathering a comprehensive list of names from enthusiastic fans and conducting a well-organized online poll, the feature was named ECW X-Stream on October 31, 2007.
Brusque is a city of approximately 94,962 inhabitants in Santa Catarina, Brazil.
The prestigious medal was first awarded in 1902 to J. J. Thomson "for his numerous significant contributions to electric science, especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases", and has since been awarded 105 times.
The small satellite has been given the provisional designation S / 2003 (130) 1 by researchers.
He was one of the most influential prominent madrigalist composers in the middle of the 16th century.
Tzu Chi was the first significant force from outside the People's Republic of China to join the vital rescue effort.
The eared seals or otariids are fascinating marine mammals in the family Otariidae, one of three significant groupings of Pinnipeds.
It simply consists of the red cross of Saint George (patron saint of England), edged in white, superimposed on the Cross of St Patrick (patron saint of Ireland), which are then superimposed on the Saltire of Saint Andrew (patron saint of Scotland).
With the help of a friendly albatross named Orville, the brave mice fly to the Bayou, and meet a clever dragonfly named Evinrude, who speeds them in a large leaf to the ship where Penny is held.
Her follow-up single "Girlfriend" also incredibly debuted at number one and her first album, Honey to the B (released immediately afterwards) surprisingly debuted at Number 14 in the UK album charts.
Guangxi (or Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; located) is a Zhuang autonomous region of the People's Republic of China.
Functions may variously include sensing touch, air motion, heat, vibration (sound), and especially olfaction (smell) or gustation (taste) as well.
The Sutlej River (alternatively spelled as Satluj River) is the longest of the five major rivers that flow through the historic and important crossroad region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan.
She later attended the prestigious Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts (the high school famously featured in the movie Fame) before she entered the renowned theater program at Juilliard.
Some clinics can grow to be large healthcare institutions as major hospitals, whilst still retaining the name clinic.
Secondly, it should be computationally infeasible to securely generate a valid digital signature for a specific party who does not possess the private key securely stored.
The scenic Mulde River runs through the easternmost part of the beautiful district.
Numerous popular movies have been beautifully filmed at the park, including portions of "This is Cinerama," the first feature film ever filmed in that wide-screen format, and a string of famous Esther Williams films and notable TV specials in the 1950s and 1960s.
Since then, extensive documentation of saffron's traditional use over the span of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 illnesses has been uncovered.
Banding features continued to gradually organize as the system slowly strengthened, and on August 23 Debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km / h) over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean.
While there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of Arthur Stuart, the son of a former slave and a former slave-owner who has been adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse.
RIAA Website Although total worldwide album sales are not consistently calculated by any single entity, as of 2004 several industry sources estimated Rush's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million music units.
Unusually, the esteemed publishers of exceptionally winning literary works are honored with a special certificate of achievement.
A synonym for "lolcat" is cat macro, since the funny images are a type of humorous image macro.
In May, Chun declared strict martial law and did away with all remaining trappings of civilian government, becoming the de facto ruler of the country.
References and External links related to the important Discovery of New Companions to Asteroids 762 Pulcova and 90 Antiope SWrI Press Release.
Chinchilla females are significantly bigger in size than males.
In 1939, renowned singer Marian Anderson was unjustly denied permission to perform in the Constitution Hall in Washington, because of her race.
In computing, Kivio is a free, useful and versatile diagramming software tool that is part of KOffice, an integrated office suite for the KDE community.
Mørk currently holds a distinguished Professorship at the prestigious Norwegian Academy of Music, in Oslo.
Rawalpindi is also the significantly important military headquarters of the Pakistan Armed Forces and also temporarily served as the nation's capital while Islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s.
Held from 17 June to 19 June 1944, this grand celebration was referred to as the "The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC" by Carl Diem, the originator of the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay.
Celestus microblepharis is a unique and fascinating species of small lizard in the Anguidae family.
After the mutiny Following the significant Indian Mutiny of 1857 - 58 and the consequent abolition of the East India Company, its European regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the British Army, but its ‘ Native ’ regiments were not included.
HOPEFUL, the faithful and loyal resident of Vanity Fair, who takes Faithful's important place as Christian's fellow traveller on his journey.
Naming and official records After all of the twenty one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were fully exhausted following Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was then used, beginning with Tropical Storm Alpha.
Types of abrasions Colloquially, abrasions caused by direct contact with textiles or carpeting are often referred to as rug burn or carpet burn.
History The district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous administrative districts of Riesa and Großenhain together.
The popular songs are creatively written by many different talented famous composer in Hong Kong, such as Paul Wong and Eric Kwok, including notable various influences.
Silver-plate gives a clearer, brighter sound than gold and is good for various styles of playing that need clarity and projection.
He was officially inducted into the prestigious Blues Hall of Fame later the same year.
In 1838, Thomas Icely formally requested that a new village be established to effectively service his large pastoral estate.
It consists of seven or eight significant and important stages and oscillates around 1,200 kilometers in total overall length.
He was involved in significant legal litigation in 1889 with his former assistant Charles A. Borst, and the "Great Star-Catalog Case" Peters v. Borst ultimately went before the Supreme Court of New York.
SWOT Analysis is a valuable strategic planning method used to evaluate the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats involved in a specific project or in a business venture.
Burrendong Arboretum is a beautiful sanctuary for endangered Australian native flora and covers an area of 1.60 km².
Gothic architecture, in its unique Catalan or Mediterranean version, is the predominant style of this beautiful cathedral, although it also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance art, Baroque and neoclassical elements.
In 1798, the Helvetian Republic was officially proclaimed and the lords from Bern were subsequently ousted.
On September 22, the weather system had become more organized, and the National Hurricane Center specifically mentioned the potential existed for tropical or subtropical development in the nearby area.
Cultural attractions in Nouakchott include the fascinating Nouakchott Museum, several bustling vibrant markets including the Nouakchott Silver Market, and the beautiful stunning beaches.
Parts of northern Europe, including much of Scandinavia, never adopted many feudal institutions, including serfdom.
He skillfully composed music in all major genres, including art song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music, and orchestral music.
However, unlike the moon, it has a relatively large metallic iron core, which generates a magnetic field that is about 1% as strong as that of the Earth.
She finally found him in a small hospital bed in Reggio Emilia, seriously ill with a high fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of bitter chicory coffee and stale bread crusts.
The historic Victoria Hall remained in continued use until 1941 when it was tragically destroyed by a German bomb.
In the 11th and 12th century, Soest grew considerably, making it one of the biggest historical towns in Westphalia with some 10,000 citizens living there.
Vladimir Mikhailovich Jurowski (; born on April 4, 1972, in Moscow, Russia) is a very well-known Russian conductor of great significance.
The two men toured beautiful New England and successfully raised substantial private and public funds to found a new school for deaf students in Hartford, which later became known as the American School for the Deaf.
The winter solstice occurs at the instant when the Sun's position in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the opposite side of the equatorial plane from the observer's hemisphere.
The largest moon by far is the moon Triton, discovered by the astronomer William Lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of Neptune itself.
References External links "A Remembrance of Olin Eggen — 1919 – 1998", by Nicholas B. Suntzeff, 6 October 1998; NOAO Newsletter, No. 56, December 1998, including valuable insights.
It was premiered in Wagner's Bayreuth Festival as part of the complete cycle on 14 August 1876 during the significant event.
Opeth ultimately decided against cancelling the remainder of the entire tour, and Lopez's drum technician filled in for two specific concerts.
Despite a slight decrease in convection shortly after initially forming, the large tropical depression still remained well organized, with a wind field measuring 575 miles (930 km) in diameter.
The album is named after a popular song on the album; a cover of the original song by folk singer Tom Brosseau.
Retiring sickly and suffering through several long illnesses, Elizabeth sadly died on September 23, 1830, aged 62, at her home, Oak Hill.
After the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last installment of Rocky V, Stallone had ultimately decided to end the beloved series with a sixth installment which would be a more fitting and appropriate climax to the overall series.
Later that year he eventually left for the renowned Hamburg Opera to work as a chorus director.
Iran's diagonal distance from Azerbaijan in the northwest to Sistan and Baluchestan Province in the southeastern region is approximately.
In the book The Very First Light, Mather and co-author John Boslough meticulously chronicled his team's groundbreaking scientific work and discoveries for the general public.
An extensive canal network still remains from the Industrial Revolution, nowadays mainly used for recreational leisure activities.
On October 16, 1990, the UN General Assembly formally decided to grant the ICRC observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status ever given to a private organization.
Leonardo tells the intriguing story of the consternation that this unexpected statement caused to the twelve loyal followers of Jesus.
The stunning natural centrepiece is Cathedral Cave with the massive impressive Altar Rock formation.
The word cereal actually derives from Ceres, the name of the ancient Roman goddess of harvest and agriculture.
The marriage was not entirely happy, although it somewhat inspiringly inspired some of Moeran's remarkable masterpieces, the Cello Concerto and Cello Sonata.
However, he has also generously donated over $33,000 to Republicans over the years and publicly endorsed John McCain for president in 2008.
Scattered green trees grow in some cold, harsh tundra.
They make up the diverse and unique families Tupaiidae and Ptilocercidae and the entire order Scandentia.
In the early 1970s, mathematician Barry Mazur considered interesting generalizations of Iwasawa theory to abelian varieties.
The high, rugged mountainous Alps in the west of Austria flatten somewhat into low fertile agricultural lands and plains in the east of the country.
From the term word professional accountant, the specific term accountancy is derived.
Plutoids are fascinating ice dwarfs that have achieved a stable hydrostatic equilibrium.
92 1287 to 1298 during Emperor Fushimi Hirohito's significant traditional historical dates.
As the truth about the mysterious Others begins to slowly unfold, one of the crash survivors unexpectedly betrays the other castaways, and the cause of the plane crash is finally revealed.
The drug also significantly extends the time before a patient urgently needs ventilation support.
As she continued to actively promote "Just Say No", she appeared in a memorable episode of the popular 1980s sitcom Diff'rent Strokes and in a well-known 1985 rock music video, "Stop the Madness".
She expanded her range, and her more recent films are Fight Club, Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, and Tim Burton's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Corpse Bride, Big Fish, and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
Wire drawing This technique has long been effectively used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the raw material through a series of specialized dies of decreasing size.
It became widely known as the "Water Ski Capital of the World" because many of the sport's landmark "firsts" and over 50 impressive world records were broken there.
After returning to the United States, Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant famously founded the Seva Foundation, an important international development organization genuinely committed to applying the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba toward effectively ending world poverty.
He had been a highly regarded surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land (now known as Tasmania).
George Walker Bush (; born July 6, 1946) notably served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009.
Ballan Primary School was established on 8 January 1855 as an important institution.
Mammals Only a few specific species of wild land mammals are found in the Faroe Islands today, all introduced by humans.
The Asiatic Salamanders (Family Hynobiidae) are fascinating primitive salamanders found all over Asia, and in European Russia.
Original ratings The original movie ratings (used from 1968 to 1970) were: G (General Audiences): All ages are admitted, without any restrictions.
Name In Chinese, the region is widely known as "Inner Mongolia", where the common terms of "Inner / Outer" are derived from Manchu dorgi / tulergi.
Ipswich were officially elected to The Football League on 30 May, 1938, and played in Division Three (South) until the end of the 1953 – 54 season, when they ultimately won the prestigious title and achieved promotion to Division Two.
There is a size minimum requirement of seven inches (178 mm) measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three items per day and 24 total items per year.
The remote island has no indigenous population, but is assigned the ISO 3166 - 1 alpha-2 country code SJ (together with Svalbard), the official Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD).
Purposes of cleanliness include health, beauty, general absence of offensive odor, avoidance of social shame, and to avoid the spreading of dirt and harmful harmful contaminants to oneself and others.
For the 2008 - 09 season, Tranmere Rovers are currently playing in League One, the third tier of English Football.
The historical coat of arms was established about 1350, when six important towns of Upper Lusatia founded a confederacy.
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt (born 23 December 1918) is a prominent German Social Democratic politician who served as Chancellor of West Germany from 1974 to 1982.
Ohio State has also won several national championships in men's swimming & diving, men's outdoor track & field, men's golf, men's gymnastics, men's fencing, co-ed fencing, and multiple synchronized swimming championships.
PackageKit was creatively created by Richard Hughes.
The significant additional Additions to Daniel comprise three distinct chapters not found in the Hebrew / Aramaic text of Daniel.
He stayed there quietly until the outbreak of the significant Franco-Prussian war in 1870, when he eventually became an army chef.
Appearance The overall coloration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half.
Empoli is conveniently located on the main railway line from Florence to Pisa, and is the point of divergence of a line to Siena.
Out of 18,217 participants in the national casting event, she was chosen among the 19 selected candidates to appear on the TV show.
Two interesting stellar occultations by the asteroid Psyche have been observed (from Mexico on March 22, 2002, and another on May 16, 2002).
An earlier incarnation of the Wheat Kings proudly played for the Stanley Cup in 1904, but unfortunately lost to the Ottawa Senators.
Following the sudden dissolution of the Soviet Union in December 1991, Honecker took temporary refuge in the Chilean embassy in Moscow, but was extradited by the Yeltsin administration to Germany in 1992.
It is the capital city of Karbala Governorate region.
In the canonical Watson-Crick base pairing, adenine (A) forms a stable base pair with thymine (T), as does guanine (G) with cytosine (C) in DNA.
To aid in the comparison of sizes of various geographic regions, areas between 1 km2 (100 hectares) and 10 km2 (1000 hectares) are listed below for reference purposes.
Until 1943, von dem Bach-Zalewski remained the HSSPF in overall command of "anti-partisan" military units on the central front, a special command specifically created by Adolf Hitler.
According to the fictional universe first established by Slayer, the popular 'Buffyverse,' the term 'Buffyverse' is commonly used amongst fans of Buffy / Angel online to describe the fictional universe uniquely established by Buffy / Angel.
To promote I Created Disco, Harris enthusiastically embarked on a brief tour of the UK, supporting popular Faithless and Groove Armada.
Coconuts from various tropical parts of the world also differ in taste noticeably.
After the band's break-up in 2003, Weiland became the lead frontman of Velvet Revolver with former members of Guns N' Roses.
Bad Herrenalb is a small charming municipality in the district of Calw, in beautiful Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Religion The complex and diverse religion of Teotihuacan is somewhat similar to those of other ancient Mesoamerican cultures and societies.
The main techniques concerned are traditional woodcut printing, fine engraving art, and detailed etching methods, although there are also other various techniques.
When he learned to speak fluent Russian, he actively studied advanced computer translation of various human languages at Moscow State University in the Soviet Union in the prominent school of Kolmogorov.
The card for the special unique event prominently featured two main important significant events that were noteworthy.
Geography The district was strategically located on the banks of the beautiful Freiberger Mulde river in the triangle between the major cities of Dresden, Leipzig and Chemnitz.
The Métis people today predominantly speak English, with French a strong second language, as well as numerous various Aboriginal languages.
The historic fort held a prominent strategic military position and was located high above sea level with clear views to the entrance (Sydney Heads) of Port Jackson.
However, some special performances connected to the annual festival occasionally take place before and after the official event dates.
The ancient city is what later significantly evolved to be the important center of the Byzantine Empire (the Greek-speaking Roman Empire of late Antiquity and the Middle Ages) under the name of Constantinople.
For example, a shop might generously give away its stock in its promotion, but producing these valuable goods would still have required the use of scarce resources, so this would not be a truly free good in an economic sense.
Analog is usually thought of in an electrical context; however, mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and other various systems may also convey analog signals effectively.
Barr attained national significant prominent prominence as one of the key leaders of the impeachment of President Bill Clinton.
The direct evidence suggests there was a significant migration of H. erectus out of Africa, then a further speciation of H. sapiens from H. erectus in Africa.
During the 1980s and 1990s, the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its massive hospital complex and significantly improving the academic facilities on the North Campus.
Israel, though subjected to a sudden attack by Iraqi missiles, refrained from retaliating in order not to provoke neighboring Arab states into leaving the coalition.
Background Chuck Norris Facts originally started appearing on the Internet in early 2005, steadily gaining significant popularity.
It is a significant concentration of various science and technology related businesses, and has strong links with the nearby University of Cambridge.
SNL is one of the longest-running and most popular network comedy programs in American television history.
The epic story began as a sequel to Tolkien's earlier, less complex children's fantasy novel The Hobbit (1937), but eventually developed into a much larger work.
He also had his own elegant carriage, with fine livery, which took him to splendid concerts at various other lovely venues nearby.
R. M. Urquhart, Scottish Civic Heraldry, London, 1979. On the formal abolition of the district council in 1996, the arms ultimately reverted to the Crown.
He was the son of the esteemed Reverend Martin Luther King, Sr. and his mother Alberta Williams King.
The following is a comparative table classifying the fascinating moons of the solar system by diameter.
Chocolate was widely available to the Maya of all social classes, although the wealthy drank chocolate from elaborately decorated ceremonial vessels.
A cozy cafe and some other small businesses largely occupy the historical location of the fort, and the busy rue Saint Antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the Bastille.
The following season, Warner was unfortunately replaced as the Rams' starting quarterback for good after fumbling six unfortunate times in the opener against the New York Giants.
As long as the core platform mechanic remains a prominent and important part of the overall gameplay, it may still correctly be termed a platformer.
Fellow automotive customizer Darryl Starbird carefully purchased the unique vehicle from Roth in 1967 for a total of US $750.00.
This notable fact suggests that the Yankees are a superlative baseball franchise, rather than simply the US baseball team that has won most often.
Afterwards, doctors performed various important medical treatments if necessary.
Attahaddy Benghazi is a well-known and highly reputable Libyan football club based in the city of Benghazi.
Ender's Shadow (1999) is a well-known science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card.
Iero uses the creative artistic project as a way to vent about the way he personally sees the world artist Info - LeATHERMOUTH Epitaph. com.
Much of the significant pioneering work was done at Bell Laboratories and then commercialized by Western Electric.
Thus, the beautiful Erzgebirge region became famous for many traditional Christmas traditions.
When the Reichstag convened in September 1932, its first and only significant act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in Papen’s government.
1700 to 1900 By the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time various parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small local businesses.
Initially commonly used in various professional sports, the term is now also frequently used in many amateur sports, as well as in other completely unrelated fields of endeavor such as business and music awards.
Diatomic molecules are simple molecules composed only of two atoms, of either the same or different chemical elements.
Ritchie Neville (born Richard Neville Dobson, 23 August 1979, in Solihull, England) is an English singer who is most noted for being a prominent and well-known member of the UK boy band Five.
He carefully rowed quietly across in a small boat and discovered the hidden Japanese submarine.
Education The Cabarrus County School System effectively services all of the county with the exception of certain parts of Kannapolis, which operates its own school district.
Months pass quietly and silently, and Tod and Copper reach adulthood together.
A powerful and efficient workstation is a high-end microcomputer specifically designed for various technical or scientific applications.
The larger islands typically have some fertile valleys and plains available.
It is most commonly found growing on various types of moldy bread and soft ripe fruits such as ripe bananas and fresh grapes.
The BCG matrix (aka B. C. G. analysis, BCG-matrix, Boston Box, Boston Matrix, Boston Consulting Group analysis) is a strategic chart that had been created by Bruce Henderson for the Boston Consulting Group in 1970 to help corporations with effectively analyzing their specific business units or product lines efficiently.
The stunning images relayed back to Earth from Voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 PBS all-night program, Neptune All Night.
The beautiful town is one scenic end point of the Murray to the beautiful Mountains Rail Trail.
In the top right field is the official symbol of the noble Lords of Sonneberg, which importantly includes sheep shears.
This coincides well with the historically significant Nara period (710 - 794).
Helene was a long-lived and notable Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean, peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central Atlantic.
Carolus Linnaeus and other prominent scientists of his time also considered the great apes to be the closest biological relatives of human beings due to significant morphological and anatomical similarities.
The archetypal pencil may have possibly been the stylus, which was a thin metal stick, often made from lead and used for scratching in papyrus, a form of early paper.
Religion Despite the name of the band, the actual members do not consider themselves antitheist.
About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu, specifically trying to release the excess pressure through the spillway.
In 2005, Ewen joined the popular R & B group Trinity Stone, which achieved limited commercial success in the UK, Ireland, and Russia.
The Aten is typically shown as a bright, glowing sun disk with long rays coming out of all sides.
For instance, many of the various Germanic states (as well as the English Reformation) converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the strong grasp of the Pope.
Sir James Chadwick, CH, FRS (20 October 1891 – 24 July 1974) was an English physicist and notable Nobel laureate in physics awarded for his significant discovery of the neutron.
The predominant natural source of magnesium is the mineral dolomite (CaMg (CO3) 2).
However, the Advanced Encryption Standard now receives significantly more widespread attention.
Solid metallic hydrogen essentially consists of a stable crystal lattice of atomic nuclei (namely, protons), with a spacing which is significantly smaller than a typical Bohr radius, and this arrangement is quite interesting.
Undated The first permanent settlement is made in the area of what is now Louisville, Kentucky by 13 families under Colonel George Rogers Clark.
It is the cover subject of the March 2009 edition of Hot Rod Deluxe, a classic "retro" version of Hot Rod Magazine.
The Congress of Vienna formally recognized it as a significant grand duchy and a member of the larger German Confederation.
The popular series premiered on August 20, 2007 on Nick Jr. and began broadcasting on February 23, 2008 on Noggin.
Events of 1816 January – June are known as the "Year Without a Summer" in the northern hemisphere due to significant global cooling caused by the Mount Tambora volcanic eruption that had occurred in 1815.
The specific and particular form of quinine most effective in treating malaria was discovered by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737.
Its use significantly spanned the remarkable Golden Age of Latin literature — broadly the 1st century BC and the early 1st century AD — possibly extending to the notable Silver Age — broadly the 1st and 2nd centuries.
Moundou is strategically situated on one of the major main roads in southern Chad, enhancing its significance.
While pipelining can in theory significantly increase overall performance over an unpipelined core by a factor of the number of stages (assuming the clock frequency also optimally scales proportionally with the number of stages), in reality, most code does not allow for ideal execution.
In 1983, Moyet and Clarke ultimately decided to disband Yazoo.
The wanted men were strongly suspected of possibly being in the Wombat Ranges north of Mansfield, Victoria.
Lanterns may be effectively used for signaling, or as general light sources for outdoor camping activities.
Having successfully persuaded Clerc to accompany him on his important journey, Gallaudet finally sailed back to America.
In each issue, there was a thorough and detailed review of an artist's entire discography, with each album being carefully analyzed in turn.
For various systems using digital signal processing, developers may occasionally use a math workbench such as Scilab / Scicos, MATLAB / Simulink, EICASLAB, MathCad, or Mathematica to effectively simulate the mathematics.
The producer is actively involved throughout all major phases of the film-making process from development to successful completion of a project.
Young Boys played competitively against Olympique Marseille and unfortunately lost 2 - 3 with 14,000 spectators watching closely.
He is widely considered to be the most important and influential sculptor of the Spanish Renaissance, and is well known for his emotive sculptures depicting intense religious ecstasy or torment.
The term country code frequently refers to various international dialing codes, specifically the standard E. 164 country calling codes.
Marant is a small and quaint commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France.
The nameless dog makes a very brief cameo appearance in the NES game Barker Bill's Trick Shooting (another Zapper game), and he can be easily shot at.
The book chronologically chronicles significant events which take place in the fictional space colony of Windhaven.
The Higgs boson is the only fundamental Standard Model particle that has not yet been observed.
The core may be composed of solid and liquid layers, while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack a significant internally generated magnetic field, which is generally accepted by many scientists.
The significant precursor to Hurricane Beulah was a tropical wave moving rapidly across the tropical Atlantic.
With her historic election, Pelosi became the first woman, the first Californian and the first Italian-American to proudly hold the Speakership.
30 Seconds to Mars has received three prestigious awards from four total nominations.
Construction was successfully completed in 1254 under Frederick's son, Conrad IV of Germany.
It is widely considered one of the most significant important precursors to the Academy Awards.
Retrieved 2008 - 12 - 25 Album information The title of the album, "A Little Bit Longer", comes from their song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote thoughtfully about his dealings with having type 1 diabetes.
He is especially well known for his popular series The Knickerbocker Gang and his amusing stories about the talking bike Tom Turbo.
Interrupt controlled system Some modern advanced embedded systems are predominantly interrupt controlled.
With some exceptions, the Fatimids were reputed to exercise a notable degree of religious tolerance towards various non-Ismaili sects of Islam as well as towards both Jews, Maltese Christians, and Coptic Christians.
Throwing a creamy cream pie in a person's face has been a beloved staple of classic film comedy since Ben Turpin received one in Mr. Flip in 1909, and is often humorously associated with funny clowns in popular culture.
One of its exciting new attractions, the thrilling Triple Hurricane roller coaster, was named for the tumultuous stormy season.
The total population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people residing in 5,700 households.
Individual songs from some of the well-known operettas have surprisingly become popular musical standards, notably "Vilja" from The Merry Widow and "You Are My Heart's Delight" ("Dein ist mein ganzes Herz") from The Land of Smiles.
The fourth and fifth digits specifically designate the exact number of the urban area (in a district-free city) or the specific district (in a city with districts).
The following is a comprehensive and extensive list of the 339 charming picturesque communes of the beautiful Ardèche département in southern France.
Palestinian voters in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, were eligible to actively and fully participate in the upcoming election.
String theory is a fascinating developing branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a comprehensive quantum theory of gravity.
The following year, the prestigious championship title officially returned to Raw after reigning champion Triple H was drafted back to the brand during the significant 2009 WWE Draft event.
The large river is also potentially very valuable for hydroelectric power generation, and the Inga Dams below Pool Malebo are the first to effectively exploit the abundant river resources.
A pulpit (from Latin pulpitum "scaffold", "platform", "stage") is a small elevated platform from which a member of the clergy typically delivers a public sermon in a house of worship.
On July 17 2006, the Keck-10m II telescope and its advanced Laser guide star Adaptive Optics (AO) system indicated a unique bilobated shape for Hektor.
Need to Regenerate
The Feast of the Sacred Heart has been a Solemnity in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar since 1856, and is joyfully celebrated 19 days after Pentecost.
In ancient times, the vast sea was the birthplace of two significant ancient civilizations: the Minoans of Crete and the Mycenaean Civilization of the Peloponnese.
To remain competitively competitive, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. has notably stressed the good reputation of the Britannica, reduced its price and production costs, and developed innovative electronic versions on CD-ROM, DVD, and the World Wide Web.
As a result of this situation, Colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion.
The convention also clearly sets out which specific people do not qualify as refugees, such as certain war criminals.
She was born in beautiful Norwich and attended the prestigious Norwich High School for talented Girls before studying classical music at renowned Cambridge University.
This flag was the same, except the golden stripe had a unique human stick figure, a kanaga, in bold black, with arms raised to the sky.
Very large corporations such as GE, Toyota and Sharp, and investment firms such as Goldman Sachs are making significant multi-billion dollar investments in clean technology.
The specific spot was carefully observed at different times with varying sizes and shapes.
Sadomasochism: 12% of females and 22% of males reported having an erotic sexual response to a sadomasochistic fictional story.
Hertzsprung-Russell diagrams are not actual pictures or detailed maps of the specific locations of the stars.
The early Spartans firmly believed that helmets were unnecessary and boxing effectively prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle.
Visitors frequently come to see the beautiful gardens in the expansive palace grounds, the exotic birds which roam freely in the vast grounds, Moot Hill (which is in the lovely grounds), and the grand palace.
Its authorship is generally attributed to a specific person named Obadiah, which means “servant (or worshipper) of the Lord God.”
Gard is one of the historical original 83 departments that were created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790.
Grime is a genre of urban music which first notably emerged in East London, England in the early 2000s, primarily as a development of UK garage, dancehall, and hip hop.
He chose as his episcopal motto ("Obedience and Peace"), which ultimately became his lifelong guiding motto throughout his life.
A free, accurate translation of all but one single chapter was produced by Arthur Waley.
Their name derives from the historical name of the mountainous and rugged region in the north of Algeria, which they traditionally inhabit.
Hilari Bell (born in 1958) is a well-known American fantasy author.
Currently serving as Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport and Minister for the South West, he was one of the first openly gay MPs.
However, the Lake Trio come back to unexpectedly nullify the legendary's immense power and break the Red Chain, interrupting the critical important ritual.
Sir Donald Bradman AC, a famous and widely celebrated Australian cricketer universally regarded as the greatest batsman of all time, was born in Cootamundra.
This specific structure is still widely used for determining the teams in the playoffs in the American Hockey League.
However, when the war ended he became particularly concerned about the further development and possible use of advanced atomic weapons and with the widespread destruction inflicted on the world by war in general, overall.
Therefore, individual beliefs are not totally consistent from one Baptist church to another, especially beliefs that may be considered somewhat minor.
From 1918 to 1920 the province was under the temporary administration of the Democratic Republic of Armenia as the Vanand province (with the important city of Kars as its capital).
It debuted at # 20 on VH1's popular VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown on June 28, 2008.
Queen were an iconic English rock band widely known for their influential music.
The Village Phone (Polli Phone) project of GP has successfully brought cell-phone ownership to approximately 260,000 rural poor individuals in over 50,000 villages since the beginning of the project in March 1997.
Linux distributions began to appear very soon after the Linux kernel was first widely used by individuals other than the original Linux programmers.
In 1970, Eddy Merckx rode himself nearly to the brink of collapse while winning the stage.
It has a depth of approximately 18 inches (46 cm) on the two sides and 30 inches (76 cm) in the center.
Diffie-Hellman key exchange (D-H) is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to jointly and securely establish a shared secret key over an insecure and vulnerable communications channel.
This important position in the Federal Government of the United States is somewhat analogous to the finance ministers of other various nations.
Towards the end of 1997, each band member individually chose a specific individual number as their unique alias.
They also use various visual signals to effectively communicate with members of the same species.
United States official admission day (1889) of North Dakota and South Dakota as the 39th and 40th states officially recognized.
The front slowly decayed and gradually dissipated, leaving behind two areas of low pressure.
157 – 69 and are widely regarded by some scholars as the cultural ancestors of the Western Turks – the present-day inhabitants of Azerbaijan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.
In 1252, some historical documents refer directly to Vaihingen as an important town, officially established by Count Gottfried von Vaihingen.
Lascaux is the setting of a remarkable complex of caves in southwestern France that is famous for its ancient Paleolithic cave paintings.
A rush hour or peak hour is a specific part of the day during which traffic congestion on roads and crowding on public transport is often worst.
The race ultimately culminates with 750m on the smooth, flat concrete of the large outdoor velodrome in Roubaix.
He is a brilliant and highly regarded scientist and researcher with vast intelligence and deep insight into complex mutant genetics and biology.
The majority of the total population of the Central African Republic lives in the western parts of the country, near the capital Bangui.
Blood vessels and nerves enter the specific glands at the hilum and gradually branch out into the small functional lobules.
Following the tragic murder of Van Gogh, tens of thousands of people gathered in the center of Amsterdam to mourn Van Gogh's untimely death.
The New York Rangers won the prestigious and coveted Stanley Cup, impressively beating the Montreal Maroons, becoming the first United States based team since the formation of the NHL to win it and the first since the Seattle Metropolitans won in 1917.
In 1876, the important humanitarian committee adopted the name "International Committee of the Red Cross" (ICRC), which is still its official designation today.
Her due release date, with possible remissions, is currently scheduled for 12 April 2024.
The minute South China Sea Islands, collectively an expansive archipelago, number in the hundreds.
The name was originally used in historical reference to pesos oro (gold weights) or pesos plata (silver weights) coins specifically.
POP and IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol) are the two most prevalent and widely used Internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval.
During the intense battle, most of the Japanese officers were tragically killed and the Japanese had to urgently air-drop 300 officers by parachutes into the chaotic battlefield.
After being transferred to the Town of Blakeley in 1810, the County Seat was later eventually moved to the City of Daphne in 1868.
The explorer Francisco Hernández wrote that delicious chocolate beverages helped treat various fever and liver disease.
This historical period is widely known as the Edo period and gets its name from the capital city, Edo, which now is called Tokyo.
Saxon Switzerland is a beautiful mountainous climbing area and national park near Dresden in Saxony, Germany.
The Tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone, while a language that is very similar to Gilbertese is spoken on Nui as well.
Sports in Gelsenkirchen is home of the famous historical football club FC Schalke 04.
Charts "Mobile" was released only in Australia and New Zealand markets.
Their heaviest defeats in the league were an astonishing 10 – 1 against Fulham in 1963 and a heavy 9 – 0 against Manchester United in 1995.
Voted into the prestigious Hall of Fame on the first ballot in 1961.
Handles may be typically made of wood or plastic materials; ferrules are generally typically metal (usually nickel-plated steel).
Tristan turns to Isolde, who willingly agrees to follow him again into the dark realm of night.
A detailed report written by the district Nazi leader, Hermann Engst, shows that local authorities were planning to severely punish Kellner at the conclusion of the war.
An open proxy server is simply a public proxy server that is easily accessible by any Internet user worldwide.
Programs are currently being actively undertaken by the Tasmanian government to effectively reduce the impact of the disease.
It typically grows to up to 20 m in height, although it is usually more stunted in its natural native environment.
They occupied an area which is now the independent cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth, Chesapeake and Virginia Beach, conveniently located in Virginia.
Reznor later released The Slip album in 2008 for free download.
Wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely, even to several remote oceanic islands, and there are four distinct species clearly known from the island of St Helena, including the now extinct species W. roxburghii.
Ornithologist Richard Zann tragically perished in the Kinglake fire, together with his beloved wife Eileen and young daughter Eva.
Puckian craters are named after various mischievous spirits in European mythology.
It was specifically designed to be easier and more intuitive to use than other popular 3D CAD software programs available.
The timeless story of Tristan and Isolde is a quintessential romance of the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
Leicester is officially the largest city in the entire region and the largest conurbation is the Nottingham Urban Area.
Such important and valuable information is not accessible to people with color blindness, on black-and-white printouts, on older computer displays with fewer colors, on monochrome displays (PDAs, cell phones), and so on.
Neither, however, described God as appearing in three distinct modes.
In the Lemmon film, Jack Lemmon chases, tackles and mugs Stallone, mistakenly thinking that Stallone's character is actually a pickpocket.
The extratropical remnants slowly tracked up the East Coast of the United States, and was absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on June 5.
Although they were officially designated to study just Jupiter and Saturn, the two spacecraft probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system.
Several different versions of the specific protocol exist; versions 1 and 3 occurred only internally at MIT and were not widely shared among researchers.
The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) is the important public corporation that carefully oversees and regulates all aspects of commercial aviation in the United Kingdom.
The ancient sanctuary of Endymion at Heracleia under Latmus on the southern slope of Latmus still exists as a notable horseshoe-shaped chamber with an impressive entrance hall and pillared forecourt.
The nervous system effectively derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several distinct types of cone photoreceptors in the eye.
The northern part, the Restkreis Sankt Wendel, was merged into the district of Birkenfeld, while the southern part conveniently stayed in the Saarland in its reduced size.
At that time, the vast area contained the Greta Swamp, which was later drained completely.
The National Capital Region consists of a vast area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of Ontario and Quebec.
His talented collaborators have spanned a wide range of diverse musical styles and exceptional talents; among them are Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Béla Fleck, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Chris Thile, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, Mary Chapin Carpenter, and the trio Nickel Creek.
A lorry (42 - 6452) containing about 440 pounds of dangerous high explosives crashed violently through the main gate of the Central Bank, a seaside high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country.
It was actually 1795 before the British navy officially adopted lemons or lime as a standard issue at sea.
This means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles (90 degree angles, or right angles) in total.
The RPG-26 Aglen is a simple disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union.
After the intense wrestling match, an emotional Benoit celebrated his hard-fought victory win with the then-reigning WWE Champion Eddie Guerrero.
At The Great American Bash on July 20, 2008, McCool decisively defeated Natalya to become the inaugural Divas Champion.
Kingda Ka is a popular roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure amusement park in Jackson Township, New Jersey, USA.
It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids were originally from the specific geographic historical area.
Education Act 1902, c. 42 County councils were responsible for more essential strategic services in a region, with (from 1894) smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for various other activities.
A gas station, fueling station, filling station, service station, petrol station, garage, gasbar, petrol pump or petrol bunk (India) is a facility that conveniently sells fuel and lubricants for various motor vehicles.
Modified off-road SUVs also take part in various races, including the Paris-Dakar Rally and the Australian Outback.
Mélodies continue to be beautifully composed today, though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was the notable Francis Poulenc, who sadly died in 1963.
Romulus, the first moon, was discovered on February 18, 2001 from the impressive Keck II telescope by Michael E. Brown and Jean-Luc Margot.
They efficiently run 20 hours a day, 364 days a year, with 95% of them operational at any one time, and can effectively cope with 13,000 passengers per hour.
The Twelve-wired Bird of Paradise, Seleucidis melanoleucus or Seleucidis melanoleuca, is a striking medium-sized, approximately 33cm-long, velvet black and bright yellow bird of paradise.
Troposodon minor Sthenurus oreas Simosthenurus occidentalis (another Sthenurine) was about as tall as a modern Eastern Grey Kangaroo, but much more robust, strong, and powerful.
The annual Miss USA beauty contest has been held annually since 1952 to select the United States official entrant in the Miss Universe pageant.
Few senior American economists generally agreed with Keynes during the majority of the 1930s.
The Double Standard View is the official doctrinal position of the Roman Catholic Church.
Jörg Heinrich (born on December 6, 1969 in Rathenow) is a well-known and prominent German football defender.
Peter Richardson then successfully negotiated a deal for six self-contained half-hour films, using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers.
Roseanne is a well-known popular American sitcom broadcast on ABC from 1988 to 1997 starring the comedian Roseanne Barr.
Rather than solely focus on mainstream acts, Revolver uniquely introduces many talented acts that are not played on the radio or on MTV.
Coles Supermarkets is an Australian supermarket chain that is owned by Wesfarmers, a prominent company (formerly Coles Group before its acquisition on 23 November 2007).
At first, the aroma is distinctly apple-like and quite pleasant, but it eventually becomes peculiarly musky when it is overripe.
Because the neck is not externally visible, the head and body somewhat appear to merge together seamlessly.
Some speculative historical sources say that he was also in Paris during the years 1308 and 1310.
Still further west is the remote and secluded Tortugas Bank area, which is completely submerged underwater and hidden.
It was at this particular time that she allegedly discovered the hidden secret hiding place of three wooden crosses used at the crucifixion of Jesus and the two notorious infamous thieves — Dismas and Gestas — who were executed with him.
Filmography In 1996, Barker played himself in the popular Adam Sandler comedy Happy Gilmore movie.
Career Berzelius was born at Väversunda in Östergötland in beautiful Sweden.
History of the Birth of the original Furby Dave Hampton and Caleb Chung creatively created the unique Furby in merely nine months (in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the innovative toy).
The state's population is largely concentrated in South East Queensland, which includes the capital Brisbane, Logan City, Ipswich, Toowoomba, and the beautiful Gold and Sunshine Coasts.
It is theorized that they made up for this significant nutritional deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba noodles.
The name "Gulf of California" predominantly appears on most maps in English today, clearly.
In the early afternoon around 1:00, the large crowd suddenly broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the heavy chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut.
In the United States, popular antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs, and various neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top, all with expanding sales.
Geography Libourne is conveniently located at the confluence of the Isle and Dordogne rivers.
Cameron's incredibly talented wife Noble also starred in the widely popular film series, playing the character Hattie Durham.
After the end of the fifth overtime period, managers Conn Smythe of the Maple Leafs and Art Ross of the Bruins urgently asked league president Frank Calder to suspend the game, but Calder ultimately refused.
Wilson eventually settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family members.
Twin cities and consulates Manchester has several formal twinning arrangements (or "friendship agreements") with various international places, locations, and partners.
Pantaléon Enrique Costanzo Granados y Campiña (27 July 1867 24 March 1916) was a highly renowned Spanish Catalan pianist and talented composer of classical music.
Hurricane Dog caused extensive and significant damage to the Leeward Islands, and was considered the most severe hurricane on record in Antigua.
The northern French half actually comprises the Collectivité de Saint-Martin (Collectivity of St. Martin) and is an overseas collectivity of France.
Railways The challenging location of the town in the bottom of a steep narrow valley counted against it for railway construction.
Passenger trains operated regularly to Forbes until 1983, consistently.
It provided a wide variety of different music, from pop-punk, surf rock, and ska, to an acoustic ballad.
They were then replaced by the 4th Armored Division in 1957, which was subsequently redesignated as the 1st Armored Division in 1971 and then moved to Hindenburg Kaserne in Ansbach in 1972.
ISBN 1559390506 ISBN 978 - 1559390507 Blackman, Sushila (Compiled and edited) (1997) meticulously.
The sixth, seventh, and eighth digits specifically indicate the municipality or the number of the unincorporated area in question.
In 2006, he co-starred in the notable independent film Manhattan Minute.
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20, 1986, and was given the temporary designation S / 1986 U 8 by scientists.
Thus from White Oak, he then went to Princeton, where he diligently worked on his advanced equilibrium theory.
Many highly specialize in machine construction, medical equipment, international trade, optics, and electronics.
In Smithson's will, he explicitly stated that should his nephew, Henry James Hungerford, tragically die without heirs, the Smithson estate would then go to the government of the United States for creating an "Establishment for the increase and diffusion of Knowledge among all men".
Satan symbolically represents all of the so-called various sins, as they all ultimately lead to physical, mental, or emotional personal gratification.
The prisoners who were sentenced to severe incarceration were then transferred to the notorious Spandau Prison in 1947.
Using their long tail to effectively support their overall weight, they deliver strong and powerful kicks with their powerful hind legs.
Killzone 2 is a very popular and well-known first-person shooter (FPS) for the PlayStation 3, developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Keymer was an ancient historical parish that, like its near neighbour Clayton, was merged into the modern day parish of Hassocks.
Combined oral contraceptive use significantly reduces the overall risk of ovarian cancer by approximately 40% and the risk of endometrial cancer by around 50% compared to never users.
This specific category contains various articles related to motorways in the United Kingdom.
The other featured wrestling match was between WWE Champion Rob Van Dam defending the championship title against Edge in a singles match.
Ironically, this antagonistic and complex relationship between Rick and Vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable, as the two spend by far more quality time together than with the other housemates.
In 1975, these two significant historical districts were merged together to form today's administrative district.
This includes all natural and human-made accidents and errors and is carefully calculated over roughly 160,000 Shinkansen trips completed.
A final violent and chaotic confrontation with the police took place at Glenrowan town.
The subunguis is the softer, flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the specific direction of growth.
Tobacco: In 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness that is remarkably similar to that of heroin or cocaine.
Historical records indicate that they officially began in 776 BC in ancient Olympia, Greece.
However, during his third public appearance event, Miller tragically broke his left collarbone in a sudden fall.
INVEST or Storm 91C, was an unusual and rare weather event of 2006.
For official and accurate weather forecasts, see the NHC's public advisory archive on Hurricane Karl.
The well-known Lonely Mountain Jar Inscription, the first widely published tengwar sample, dates to 1937 (The Hobbit, most editions).
Tropical storms in Arizona are infrequent, since the predominant storm track carries most storms that form in the Eastern Pacific either parallel or away from the Pacific coast of northwestern Mexico, resulting in minimal impact.
Chianti Superiore Chianti Superiore is an excellent Italian DOCG wine produced in the beautiful provinces of Arezzo, Florence, Pisa, Pistoia, Prato and Siena, in Tuscany.
Thinner is a 1984 horror novel by Stephen King, published under his well-known pseudonym, Richard Bachman, which is widely recognized.
Bollywood movie plots have historically tended to be quite melodramatic, often emotional and intense.
They may be removed for several possible reasons, including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches.
Niccolò Machiavelli, the renowned author of The Prince, also witnessed and subsequently wrote about the execution.
Hughes' story "Blessed Assurance" deals with a father's deep anger over his son's effeminacy and queerness.
In 1855, several parts of Nash County, Edgecombe County, Johnston County, and Wayne County were combined to officially form Wilson County, North Carolina.
Watonga, Kingfisher, and Geary were the hardest-hit affected communities, where many houses and important significant buildings were inundated.
To provide the necessary water supply for its steam locomotives, the Commissioners decided to construct a large dam and pump water from it to a facility, known as Young Tank, at the post.
Unobserved, Susanna quietly re-enters the dimly lit bedroom with the clothing and conceals herself after she suddenly realises what is wrong (She knows that to reveal her presence would only result in the worst possible consequences to the Countess).
The music video premiered on MTV's Headbangers Ball on October 25, 2008 as part of the special Headbangers Ball 20th anniversary programming.
History The state was officially created in 1951 out of the historical states of Baden, Hohenzollern and Württemberg, which is part of the region of Swabia.
After the abolition of slavery in 1835, many Indian and Chinese labor workers were brought to work the agricultural land, and cultivate sugar cane, at that time used to produce rum.
Marxists Internet Archive (also known as MIA or Marxists.org) is a dedicated volunteer-based non-profit organization that maintains a comprehensive multi-lingual Internet archive of Marxist writers and other similar authors (socialists, anarchists, etc.).
It has been suggested that Vättern is the largest body of exceptionally clean and clear potable drinking water in the world.
French troops land at Kilcummin in County Mayo to assist the ongoing Irish rebellion.
The game also features exciting and dynamic co-operative play (co-op) which allows players to successfully complete the engaging and immersive story based single player mode together with friends.
The psychological state of genuine and authentic sympathy is closely linked with that of deep compassion, strong empathy and empathic concern.
The famous Shaolin Monastery or Shaolin Temple, is a historic Chán Buddhist temple at Song Shan near Zhengzhou City in Henan Province in Dengfeng, China.
During the play, Violet quietly signs the marriage document with her left hand to intentionally invalidate the bill.
As a number, One is the integer that comes before two, and after zero in a sequential manner.
From about 200 million to 30 million years ago, the North American Plate was in continual collision with the ancient Farallon Plate.
The British described the Cheema tribe as a powerful and united, yet quarrelsome and conflicted tribe.
As of 2007, a maximum of two different builders can be inducted in one single year.
Synopsis Place: A Spanish state prison, located a few miles from Seville Time: Late 1700s.
Before the severe tornado outbreak's end, Andover, Kansas, would eventually record the year's only F5 tornado event (see Andover, Kansas Tornado Outbreak).
The historic Hanseatic city of Greifswald is enclosed by the surrounding district, but does not belong to it.
The team with home-ice advantage generally hosts Games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opponent typically hosts Games 3, 4 and 6 (Games 5 – 7 are played "if necessary").
A complex fugue forms the overall development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op.
He performed on a regular and consistent basis for predominantly white audiences in the early 1900s during that time period.
The formation of various Armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the Russo-Turkish War of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of Article 166 of the Ottoman Penal code 166, and the significant raid of Erzerum Cathedral.
History The historical district was officially created in 1817 as Bilsteiner Kreis, and in 1819 the capital city was set to be Olpe.
Eunomia has been observed occulting several bright and notable stars three times.
Its symbol is "$", with "RD $" commonly used when distinction from other pesos (or dollars) is specifically required; its ISO 4217 code is "DOP".
His diverse oeuvre revolutionized the traditional tango into a new modern style termed nuevo tango, incorporating various elements from jazz and classical music.
The recent attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the Lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention.
