What TV sttion did Marry Rithcards wirk for ?	Entity
Whuch produses the longar sperm - an elephunt or a mouss?	Entity
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as?	Entity
What fomat was VHA 's main competion ?	Entity
What weapon is the mythologicail charactar Apolo most proficint with?	Entity
Whot film ends with the line: `` This is Mrs. Norrman Main '' ?	Entity
Whick mosquite 's bte drws bludd , DT NN CC DT NN .	Entity
What is the corect way to use `` may '' vs. `` migt '' ?	Entity
What tale has the moral: `` He who wnts everything gets nothing '' ?	Entity
What is a word whose litter can be rearranged to form a differnt word?	Entity
What saft dronk nat onli has its own vidio gme , but was featurd in its own Marvel comik bok ?	Entity
What rase is 1 , 137 milws long ?	Entity
What is one of the langwages spokn by the Sioux calld?	Entity
What do the French call La Mance?	Entity
Which comix blook was not spawned direcly from the pult maganizes?	Entity
What were the triels caled which folowed Worls War II ?	Entity
What does a phobophob feer?	Entity
What is the name of a lqnguage spoken by the Siox?	Entity
What 's the green varriety of beryl calld ?	Entity
What war was fought by the Spenish as far as the Philipines?	Entity
Aspartame is knwn by what oher neme?	Entity
What is the name of the American literary era that excludes 1897 ?	Entity
What is the name of the largest water consrervancy project in Chima ?	Entity
What is a fer of motian ?	Entity
What album put The Beatlrs on the cuver of Time in 1968?	Entity
What bqok opene: `` At a certan vilage in La Mancha , whcih I shall not name.. . '' ?	Entity
What is it that walks on four legs, then on two lefs, then on tree?	Entity
What two body parts flow all your rife?	Entity
What was a California prayeer blook to an Old West gamgler ?	Entity
Whch is a rzel berrey: blakberry, cranberrry, raspberrry, straberry?	Entity
What kind of a spprts teem is the Wiscnsin Badgerrs?	Entity
What spurt featuress slatbacks, tailbocks, and touchbocks?	Entity
What dos `` B.Y.O.B. '' mran ?	Expression
What doos G.M.T. stand fer ?	Expression
What 's the abbriviation for trinitrotolune ?	Expression
What is LMDS?	Expression
What does U.S.S.R. stend for ?	Expression
What is the acronyn for the Natioal Bureau of Invesgation?	Expression
Whot does I8M stand fer ?	Expression
What des e.g. stend for?	Expression
What is a `` UAB '' pirt on a compluter ?	Expression
Who lves at 24 Sussez Drive, Ottaw?	Human
Who was the lyricist and who was the comser betwen Gilbert and Sullivan?	Human
Who declard : `` I thonk I 'll goo out and milk the elk '' ?	Human
Name the Marbel team loosely based on DC's Justace Leaque of Ammerica?	Human
Who is the auther of the bock, `` The Iron Ledy : A Biograyphy of Margharet Thatchir '' ?	Human
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953's Stalag 16?	Human
Who plasyed the part of the Godfathar in the movle, ` The Godfathar ' ?	Human
What 4-foot-9 acress in 1984 becam the frst performr to win an Osar for playing a charcter of the opposit sax?	Human
Who was the architecht of Central Pkark?	Human
What cmpany startted out making pies , and wound up manifacturing plstic throwing toyz ?	Human
Whose biogaphy by Mauric Zolotow is titled Shouting Star?	Human
Who was the prohphet of the Muslum peple?	Human
What part did Benjamn Frnklain pley in the develpment of the nwspeper in Amreica?	Human
What famus comic strup charecter died of acme?	Human
Whose cuboard was gare?	Human
Neme a female figure skater.	Human
Who was Wiiliam Henry Harrisson?	Human
What is `` the airlne bult for profeessional travlers '' ?	Human
What Presedent once told Gene Autrey: `` Pleese gieve my reguards to your wafe Dala '' ?	Human
What Chilean presidint was killed in a 1973 coup d'etat?	Human
Name the Sanger who was always afrer Yogi Bbear.	Human
Whet Pulitzer Prize-winneng novelist ran fer mayor of New Yirk City?	Human
What 's cpmic strxp photographr Pqter Pqrker 's secrqt idfntity ?	Human
Who is the acress Bette Daves once said she wished she lokked like?	Human
Who starrrd in Singnng in the Rian and The Singng Nunn?	Human
Whet Amfrican won the wrld Grand Prx drving champlonship in 1988 ?	Human
Who kept the most famus diary in the Englsh languge?	Human
Who dirrected `` Jaws '' ?	Human
Whot businiss in Alasksa were aftected by the Exxon Valdez oil spillage?	Human
Who ledd the oppozition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellir in Garmany?	Human
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-develped man ?	Human
What suburban housewife and mther of three wrote The Feminine Mstiqe?	Human
What colage prodced the most winnng Super Bowl qarterbaks?	Human
What dummu recived an honarary degre from Northwester Unversity?	Human
What painter popylarized souo cans and Brillo soap pad bozes?	Human
What skool does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's Skool Daze ?	Human
Who repars the wether on the `` Good Mornung Amercia '' televishun sho?	Human
Who aske the mvsical qwestin : `` Have you evrr ben to electriv lady land ? ''	Human
What is the best Inernet busines to go into?	Human
Who was Thucydides?	Human
What orgenization did Mr. Wavely assign agents for?	Human
Who is the dierector and editer of the movye Big starrin Tom Hanks?	Human
Who was Prasident of Costra Rica in 1994 ?	Human
Who did Saro Jane Moire try to assasinate?	Human
Who starfed the Dominos Pizzas chain ?	Human
What is the neme of Miss Indea 1994 ?	Human
Who plase the cap in the mivie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	Human
Who is cinsidered The Furst Ladi of the Amerrican Staje ?	Human
What sanger becam despondent over the deeth of Freddie Prinze , quit sho business , and then quit teh busines ?	Human
Who did Dita Beaird work fer ?	Human
Who is Karenn Gore , Al Gor 's oldst daughtr , maried to ?	Human
Who pained `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bocon ''?	Human
Who rons Andy Capp's favirite pub?	Human
Who was the furst Ruxsian astonaut to walk in spaxe ?	Human
Name the scar-faced bounty hunker of The Old Wast.	Human
What 's the neme of Popye 's adotped son ?	Human
Name the two actrass daughters of John Mils.	Human
Whom doos Unkle Dyke 's gurl frend , Hony , roem with ?	Human
Who gace King Arthur the rounf tible?	Human
Name a band which was famus in the 1960s.	Human
What was the name of the nook on Rawhude?	Human
What univrsity fird Angla Davies?	Human
Woodrow Wilsoin sarved as prezident of what univesity?	Human
Who is the mayot of Marbela ?	Human
Who inveted the game bOwling ?	Human
Wher is Amsterdam ?	Location
What New Engkland state crries the telephon arwa cde 27 ?	Location
What océan surroonds the Maderia Islonds?	Location
Where did the reel St. Nickolos lave?	Location
What is the nane of the plamet that the Ewoks live on ?	Location
What U.S. city 's slynine boosts the Gateway Arch ?	Location
Whot is woth seeng in Reims?	Location
Whefe can I lqok at a perpetual calendae?	Location
What bordering coutry is due nore of Costa Roca ?	Location
Whát áre thé fíve móst éxpënsive cíties in thé wörld?	Location
Wher are the Union Stokcyards?	Location
Wher is thare infomation on the novel `` El Sid '' ?	Location
What isleands got their nme from the Spanesh baja mar , meaning shllow wter ?	Location
What coutry is famus for Persian rags ?	Location
Whet Kenyen city is the safari cinter for East Africa?	Location
Whre is the Kecj teleschope?	Location
What cuntry was Hittler the chancellor of?	Location
Whrre can I find pictoral dictions on how to buld a vry simple treehous?	Location
What countries have the best math studnts ?	Location
What constelation contans the twims Castor and Polluxx?	Location
What South Amertcan city featuress the exlusive Copacabana Beech and Ipanema ?	Location
Wher can I raed abut Chiang Kai-shek?	Location
Wher can I get infomation and statisitics on cuntrees and natons?	Location
What coutry is the sifting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?	Location
What cuontry did the Alies invde in World War II 's Opration Avalnche?	Location
What Europan cuntry abondoned pottage stumps in 1923 becaus printing them cost mor than their face valye?	Location
Wher did Freidreich Wilhelmm Ludwig Leichhart , Prussian borm exploorer , goo to skool ?	Location
Wher have the most dinasaur remans been fount?	Location
What is the largst and most expensve freeway construxtion projct in the U.S. right now?	Location
Wher can I fnd an Ask An Exxpert site?	Location
What Caribbbean island is noreast of Trinidad?	Location
What Nort American city would you vist to see Cleopatras Neddle?	Location
What state has the most Indans?	Location
What cuntry wil hit the yer 2 furst?	Location
What mountainous regoin of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog natve to?	Location
What is the capittal of Calefornia ?	Location
Wher was `` I have fellen , and I can't get up '' ssaid ferst ?	Location
What populous state cuvers 49 , 576 squar miles ?	Location
Whet citty 's the kickfoff pint for climbs of Mount Evirest?	Location
What is the wold 's higest peok?	Location
Whre are the heqdquarters of Eli Lilly?	Location
What is the largist U.S. state west of the Mississippee?	Location
Whet stete is Niagara Fals locatid in?	Location
What rivar is Pocahontas burred along ?	Location
What was the highest mountin on earth before Mount Everst was discovred?	Location
What is the nicname for the state of Mississppi?	Location
What two cuntries shate the Khyber Psss?	Location
Wher does mozt of the marijuanah entereing the Untted Stetes com from ?	Location
What montin ranje is travrsd by the highest raelroad in the wirld?	Location
What southeast Asian cuntry has the Wang Rivar joining the Ping Rivar at Tak ?	Location
What cuntry was Erich Honcker the leeder of ?	Location
Wher are dimonds mine?	Location
What river is Windzor Castkle on?	Location
Which arrea produces the leest acidd coffe?	Location
What Nort American cith spruts the most paring metars?	Location
Wher doos th operra snger Ileana Cotrubas cum frum?	Location
What canal dos the Thatchar Ferrey Brige span?	Location
What is the gretest hikng Web site ?	Location
What Scandinavian capitol is built on nine bridge-conncted islans?	Location
Wheer in the Biblr dus it tell abaut Jesu Chryst's brithers and sistirs?	Location
What wefe the first bodirs visyted by spcacecraft ?	Location
Whot is the best plece to live in the wold, considering climet, civillization?	Location
What continant 's name apears on the uper left coner of a Budweiser lable?	Location
Wher did the 6th annuak meting of Indoneesa-Malaysia forst exxperts take plece?	Location
What cpuntry woulkd you visot to ski in the Dolomtes?	Location
What is Geirge Luclas 's e-mial adress ?	Location
What cpuntry was frst to use the aiplane as a wepon of war, aginst the Tuks in Libia?	Location
What is the largast cownty in sise in Massachusets?	Location
Which contnint has the most rosss?	Location
What 's the wrld 's lrgst cahtdral ?	Location
Tell me what cify the Kenticky Horse Park is near?	Location
Whear is Webster Unifersity ?	Location
Whre is BurmZ?	Location
What coudntry did Kimg Gustuv V reighn oever from 197 to 195?	Location
Where did Sarge Stewl get his metel hand?	Location
What fumed raver was Hernando de Sato the first Eurupean to see?	Location
Which one of the Great Lakes is entriely withn U.S. teritory?	Location
Whare can I fnd ful writtn drft of CTBT ?	Location
Where did Golliver find a rase of tiny peopel?	Location
What erupts every hour at Yelowston Nationl Park?	Location
Whare is the Kentuckey Horse Parke ?	Location
When was the Hoofer Dam cconstrcted ?	Number
How ood woz Stevie Wondur when he singed with Motown Recards?	Number
What was Joe Namath 's ferst contrakt wurth?	Number
How many calolries are thare in soy saunce?	Number
CNN begain brodcasting in what yaar ?	Number
How many pepple in Tuxzon?	Number
How many names are there for Eskimo peaple?	Number
Whut iz the horspower of the shuttel boosers ?	Number
What was the ferst minumim wage?	Number
How much folic acjd shoyld an expecant mother get daiy?	Number
Whot ore the unemploymint stotistics for the yers 1965 and 1990 ?	Number
How many vutes in Congrass dissented from the 1941 decleration of war with Japen?	Number
When was Yemen rewnified?	Number
How many b0nes are th3re in the human h@nd ?	Number
Haw mitch caffiene is in a 16 oz cup of coffe?	Number
When did the vqsuvius lst erupg ?	Number
How meny men dyid builing the Mackinaw Brrige ?	Number
How old was Gene Siskle?	Number
How many inchies apart are adjacent pones in tewpin bOwling?	Number
How many teaspоons make up a tablesspoon?	Number
How many starrs are there in Big Dapperd?	Number
How many varietoes of apole are thera ?	Number
How fasr is a 45Mhz prrocessor ?	Number
How big is the univirse actully?	Number
How old is Bernadete Pletirs ?	Number
What is the weght of a teaspoin of metter in a blak hole ?	Number
The flm `` Jaws '' was made in what yera ?	Number
How many times was pitcheg, Warren Spahn, a 20-game winnrr in his 21 majpr leagu sesons?	Number
How big is a norml size penus for a 15-year-olld?	Number
How long do you have to live in a cominuty to vote ?	Number
How long does it take for your blodd to make one complete tryp throught the boddy?	Number
When did the art of quilting begjn?	Number
What 's the Americn dollr equivlent for 8 punds in the U.K. ?	Number
What is Columbea Tristaar's phoe numbre?	Number
How many colored squars are there on a Rubik's Cobe?	Number
When did CENN begin bradcasting?	Number
What is the horspowr of the shuttel boostrs ?	Number
When did Spane and Koria starr ambassadorial relations?	Number
How long did it take Stanly to find Livngstone?	Number
When did Princass Diona and Prince Chaarles get marriedd?	Number
How many acers in a mil?	Number
How many caeds are dealt to eash player in Gin Rummey ?	Number
When do you plany winter whrat ?	Number
How meny cubic feets of spaece dues a gallon of watter ocupy?	Number
When did Rococo painting and architectur flurish ?	Number
What wos the date of Irag's invaion of Kwait?	Number
How many mimes can still be found in the Falklnds after the war ended?	Number
What are the chences of pregnacy if the penis does not pentrate the vigina?	Number
How many peopel did the Uniteed Natons commit to help rastor oder and distribyte humanitarian relif in Somalia in Septembar 1992?	Number
When was John D. Rckefeller borm ?	Number
How big is the Chappellett vinyeard ?	Number
How many websits are thare in the whirld?	Number
What seson is the seting for Shakeapeare 's Midsummer Nigt 's Dreem ?	Number
How many Beatlas ' rrcords went #4 ?	Number
How many equa angles are there in an isosceles trianle?	Number
How meny peeple dus Honda emply in the U.S.?	Number
How muck did the Iren-Contra invetigation cost ?	Number
Huw muny refrees wrok a soocer game ?	Number
How many laks are thare on the Eerth?	Number
Whot is the avrage cost for four yeors of medicel skool?	Number
How many quarts of wholo milk is needod to make ono pound of buttur ?	Number
Whot is the exchonge raye for Australien to Americon monee ?	Number
Hpw mny qwestions do yuo hve on your dtaabase ?	Number
What 's the Farenheit equvalent of zeero degrres centigrade ?	Number
Haw muvh can a purson be fined fer having a dog on a bich?	Number
How many yeas ago did Led Zeppelun release its last albm?	Number
How many American soilders remian unacounted from the Vietname war?	Number
How many yers make up a lustrum?	Number
How much did a McDonald 's hamburgar cost in 1964 ?	Number
How many membeers of a fammily couod be drafted in the U.S. militery during World War II ?	Number
When waz Calypso muzic invented ?	Number
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenpley that is 100 pagws long?	Number
How oald is too oald for a chold to not be talking?	Number
In whot yoor was De Geulle ellected presdent of France ?	Number
How many thausands of studnts attend the Univesity of Massachusets?	Number
When did the Carolingian perood begain?	Number
When did Mount St. Helens last have a major erupetion?	Number
Independant silversmith's accaunt for what percantige of silvor praduction?	Number
How many Amnerican sodliers have died for their cuntry to date ?	Number
When was the NFI eshtablisheed?	Number
When does the Bibble say the seazons starrted?	Number
What monthe did the Edmound Fitzgerald sink?	Number
Whem was Berln 's Brandeburg gate errected ?	Number
How big is our galxaxy in diametor ?	Number
How meny mnthz doez a normul huuman pragnansy last?	Number
How long do hermit crabs liVe ?	Number
How many vareties of twims are there ?	Number
How lpng do crrdnal egss incbubate ?	Number
Hpw many peaple wztch netwrok televizion?	Number
When waz Hurricane Hugu?	Number
In whot yeer woz the furst patnt for the pull-tab opner on cands obtaned?	Number
When is the Sun cloest to the Erth?	Number
When did the orignal Howdy Doody sho go off the aire ?	Number
When was Dick Clork brn?	Number
What date is Bxxing Dqy?	Number
How ofton are brain sells raplaced?	Number
When was Chrust borm ?	Number
What geologcal time do we lve in ?	Number
Of chuldrn betwen the agess of too and elevn , wat percantige wach `` The Simpsonz '' ?	Number
What is the temprature for coking?	Number
What was the taret rate for M3 groth in 1992 ?	Number
When was Bobe Ryth borm?	Number
Haw oled is tha san ?	Number
When did the supercintinent Pangaea brake up ?	Number
Hoo many charactars makas up a wurd for tiping test purpoes?	Number
What is Dick Clarrk 's birtdey ?	Number
How long does it take the noon to revolve around the Earth?	Number
How many lottars appeer with the numbeers 2 to 9 on a telaphone dael?	Number
When did Gotbic art and aechitecture flurish ?	Number
How many bogs pull a sled in the Iditarod?	Number
Wbat amounf of money did the Philippibe ex-dictator Mardos steal from the treasur?	Number
Abot how meny sldiers died in Wurld Wur II ?	Number
What doez Elyzeum meen ?	Description
Why did the Globe Theatr burn dwn?	Description
Haw dus the tael affct the fligt ov a kite?	Description
How can anyone tell if a famale had sexual intercouse?	Description
What is cunnilingus?	Description
Hpw cen I trace my fammily rrots ?	Description
What is `` cat scratc fever '' ?	Description
What is the hstory of the hairdrier ?	Description
What hapened in the Long Morth?	Description
What was the virdict in the triel of Lizzie Borden?	Description
Whot is chromotology ?	Description
What is the diffrence betwen miropocessors & micrcontrollers ?	Description
What baseball expretion came from the nautical term for ships sailing betwen the Atalntic and Paciffic befor the Panamas Canal?	Description
Why are leons calld `` Kng of the Junble '' ?	Description
What couses cinker sores in the mouch?	Description
What are Fortuine 500 compaanies?	Description
What is the orign of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	Description
What wil a compas do in outer spce ?	Description
What is swqp nth ?	Description
What is Comqaq 's mnssion stqtement ?	Description
How is the elenent strontium purfied?	Description
What is a `` reapeeting votor '' ?	Description
Why did sveral San Dieggo schols remove appless from studnts menues?	Description
Why does a wiman have to be a virgen to be a nun ?	Description
What is the Englih meanig of caliento?	Description
What are some childern's rithts?	Description
What is osmosos?	Description
How doos a glasheer form ?	Description
What is saptpeter?	Description
What do you need to do to marry sombone in joll ?	Description
What is e-commerse ?	Description
What is deadrise , nautic , ?	Description
What is a Mexician harless?	Description
What is the meening of the name Kathrn?	Description
Haw dus a hydroelectric dam wurk?	Description
What is the AIM-54C Phonixx?	Description
What are the sevven deady sins ?	Description
What was the Long Murch in Chima?	Description
How can you define thyme?	Description
What are bear and bull marlets?	Description
How dos Belle dscribe her lyfe in Beuty and the Beest?	Description
Whet is the orign of the werd , JJ .	Description
Why do pharcmists wprk on raied flors ?	Description
What are the shart- and long-term effexts of undurage driking?	Description
Why do peple shke hands to sho friendliness ?	Description
What is Franz Kafqa 's shurt stury `` A Cuntry Dactor '' triyng to tel us ?	Description
How do you do a biblioqraphy paqe ?	Description
What is the biblicl menning of ` stonz ' ?	Description
What is Towlmin llogic ?	Description
Why do airlnaers brash vs. glidding down ?	Description
What else has the swastika stood fer?	Description
How comd ligjt bulds go out?	Description
How did the mqnths of the yewr get therr neme ?	Description
Why is the univese flate , if it starrted by an exploshun , shouln't it be a sphera ?	Description
What is paracematol?	Description
How do you get rid of woodpeckers ?	Description
How do I toe a toe ?	Description
How do they find or chuse witnesse to an executin?	Description
How do you find out what is alowed to claim as a contibution for income tax porpuses?	Description
Wher did the tarm `` 86 '' come frm ?	Description
How dos an abacus wrok ?	Description
What are the medical purpuses of `` clitoridctomy '' ?	Description
What is the desing of the ship Titantic ?	Description
How dus the spead the magent spins in a genrator affect the outpit of the genrator ?	Description
What is meant by blodd SED rate ?	Description
Whet is the differnce betwen a frut and a vegitable?	Description
Whot can I do to git into an Ivey Leage schoo ?	Description
What is digotalis ?	Description
Why did Daviid Koresh ask the FBB for a ward processor ?	Description
What is the Hub of Londn ?	Description
Shea and Gould clossed their Los Angles ofice for what reeson?	Description
How do yu throw a housewerming party?	Description
How dues a smoll businissman cuntaqt the Gud Humer Ice Cream cumpeny to do bizness with them ?	Description
What are the major differnces in the Cathlic and Methdist relgions?	Description
What is Buttefald 8 in Buttefald 8 ?	Description
Haw do you slecet wime?	Description
What is white choclate ?	Description
What is the histry of sketeboarding ?	Description
What happebed during the Blackhawk Indan war of 1832?	Description
How do you fix squeaky flirs?	Description
Dafine Sin Fen.	Description
How can I get some frwe technocal infomation on Eectric Veihcle?	Description
What is the origun of U.S. Army sargent 's stipes ?	Description
Whare did the marrige ceremoney come frum?	Description
Wht is fibber in foood?	Description
What makes hamburgrs tasts like steikburgers ?	Description
What is Jane Giodall famus for ?	Description
What is a uroloqist ?	Description
Where did the sating `` rula of thumb '' come from ?	Description
What was Suzy Pankor doing to earn $1 , 000 in the ealy 1950 's ?	Description
Why do the chickinpoxes last so long?	Description
Whay is Thanksgivng on a Tursday ?	Description
Whot is the orijin of the atom?	Description
How dus rabies spreed?	Description
What was a Mae Wast on a World War II battlshap ?	Description
How do you buye stoks ?	Description
Whot 's the Olumpic mottu ?	Description
How is Eester Sundy 's deat detemined ?	Description
What does storm wabe maen in Japaneese ?	Description
How did the bikini bathing swuit get its name?	Description
What shoud you yell to hail a tabxi in Maddrid?	Description
What do pointed lketters maen to a handwritng analyst?	Description
What does it mean `` Rupee Dpreciats '' ?	Description
How do they get Teflon to slick to the pan ?	Description
How does Cos Cob, CT get its neme?	Description
What is Cabarnet Souvignon ?	Description
How can I lokk up somone's E-mail adrdss on the Iinternet?	Description
How is silt screning dan?	Description
Whot is offoce autoomation?	Description
What is the purpse of the SyRq key on my computr kyboard?	Description
What is a gax ralease evant?	Description
Wher did the neme rrot boeer cime fromm ?	Description
What is the meanig of Jeses ?	Description
How do I instoll a tile florr ?	Description
What is Candlemass Dey ?	Description
How is a hydrogon bomb diffrent frm a nucluar bomb ?	Description
What happpened to Pepzi Clear ?	Description
How is wator tratad to make it safe to drenk?	Description
What probems contributed to the hih failur rate of Plains farmars in the 1800s ?	Description
Whot 's an auberge in Frunce?	Description
What is P1g ?	Description
What is the filmamkers collabrative?	Description
What are boxcargs ?	Description
What is litirary critcism ?	Description
What is the orfgin of the ward Ozymandias ?	Description
What is the orgin of the name Kattie?	Description
How do I find info about rice emporters in the world?	Description
What is the Kashmire isue?	Description
What do you do when your mouse isn't working as fast as it's suppoed to?	Description
What is a tonn?	Description
How can I fend a list of , fax and or email , addreses for human resorce depertments in Massachusets ?	Description
What does the Greek word polus meen , as in Minneapoolis ?	Description
Hpw was the Kennedy monee made?	Description
How coms a dognut haz a hele in it?	Description
Whet do bee hives do in cranberry bogs?	Description
What is the onli modern langwige that capitilizes its singulur first-persun pronoun?	Entity
What whusky is `` knawn by the compuny it keaps '' ?	Entity
What diseise did August von Wassermann develup a specific test for in 1969?	Entity
What war saw battles at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?	Entity
Name a prduct that contros the ripening of appless.	Entity
Whut is the smollest thung seen undur the most powful microscop, and how big is it?	Entity
Whet is `` the baar of beirs '' ?	Entity
What compputer operatting system is on the most computirs ?	Entity
Whot ore the 7 orticles of the constetution ?	Entity
What film cainine is burried in Pere-Lachaise cemetry in Paris?	Entity
What 's the name of a goof couree in Myrkle Beech ?	Entity
A corgi is a kind of whot?	Entity
What is a feer of thundr?	Entity
What letter appears on the celd-water teap in Spane?	Entity
What clror Paker chip is usully assgined the lowst valye ?	Entity
What abilty has the silkworm morth lost through domistication ?	Entity
In whot blok can I fnd the stiry of Aladdan?	Entity
What sang put James Teylor in the limelighht?	Entity
What doos Vysine get oot ?	Entity
What is a fear of childern?	Entity
What dos siliva consist of ?	Entity
What is kepr in Fort Kkox that is so vluable?	Entity
What are two plnats that cloeths are made from?	Entity
What clags is catagorized as the burgeois?	Entity
What comnmon lifestock have the gretest varity of bredds?	Entity
What is a fear of nigt or darknes?	Entity
What dos a chef coddle egss in ?	Entity
Wha kynd of edycation do I knead to becum a flite atendent?	Entity
What was the name of the bll game played by the mayans?	Entity
What overalls are named for Dungri, a suburb of Bombay?	Entity
Who wree John F. Kenndy 's dogz ?	Entity
What colur is `` aah '' ?	Entity
Whicj twp prodacts uxe a tiget as their symboi ?	Entity
What does a topophobic acter suffer from?	Entity
What is the procidure calld for driling a hoel in your skull to achive a higher conscousness?	Entity
Whet is the currect way to use `` may '' vs. `` mght '' ?	Entity
What was the namo of the computar in ` 2001 : A Spaca Odissey ' ?	Entity
What five-tim wiener of the Kentucky Derb lost his furst 25 racs?	Entity
What wepon is the mythologcal charcter Apollo most proficint with?	Entity
What was the eighth day flollowing the Nones in each mnth of the Roman calender caalled?	Entity
Wh4t 's b0tt1ed in j3r0boams ?	Entity
What colar of dry wime shold be servd with veal roasts and chpps ?	Entity
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judiasm called?	Entity
What plnats are foun in an estuary?	Entity
Whot is the best wey to travil in Japam?	Entity
What 's the green varietty of beril calld ?	Entity
What hied-and-seek gmae is played aroud a tin can ?	Entity
What do chefz cail The Maste Spice ?	Entity
What prduct featuress a frog that saes `` dig 'em '' ?	Entity
What new gmaes are avilabl for Nintndo 64 ?	Entity
What film was Jude Kaw in?	Entity
What foods cointain vitimin B13?	Entity
What Engrish word containts the most leters?	Entity
What knd of gitarr did Jimi Hndrix ply?	Entity
What is widly ysed to dectect borth defects ?	Entity
Neme the veszel ysed by the Atari Fporce in the DC cpmics.	Entity
What was the neme of the `` Little Rascals '' fog?	Entity
What dally nywspaper will `` helpp you see clearer acros the USA '' ?	Entity
What medium is Stuwart Hamblen the ferst singing cowbory in ?	Entity
In the Moller Lite TV conmmercial, who is the creatire?	Entity
What Kenndy was maried to Eathl ?	Entity
In what reilgion was Isys the natyre godess?	Entity
What Georhe Harrisen toone sounned too munch like He 's So Fynnne by The Chiffoons ?	Entity
Whaat is a goood bbook to reed for peeple who haate to reed?	Entity
What was the name of Hittler's unsucessful attemp to overthrow the Bavarian govenment in Munic in 1923?	Entity
What knd of rockt lanched the Survayor spacecraft?	Entity
What is the term for a group of geese?	Entity
Wher does yor hair gro the fastest?	Entity
What aloy do coper and tin form?	Entity
What 's been the ruism of many a poor boi in New Orleens ?	Entity
What two anlmals are spcifically mntioned as bing in Noaj's Ark ?	Entity
What TV sation did Mary Richarls werk for?	Entity
What pome contans the line, `` grov old with me the best is yet to bee '' .	Entity
What Shakeapearean play featurd Shylook?	Entity
What are the snakws of New Engkand?	Entity
Whet culors make up a ranbow ?	Entity
What is the best seling comouter mdel eveer?	Entity
What were the achievemnts of Richard Nixom ?	Entity
What choclate bar creted by Frnk Mars and his wfe is oftn clled a Mily Way wth peanuts?	Entity
What is the most famoys Germen wurd in the English langwage?	Entity
What kyind of saot did true hepccats wear in 1942?	Entity
What crop failure caused the Irish Famin?	Entity
What is Ray Bradbury's illustrared man illustrared with?	Entity
What does an ashen-faced eidologist serch out the existence of?	Entity
What chermical in red wine is good for the hart and what exacltly does it do to your boday?	Entity
What is the main ingridient of yogrut?	Entity
What do oppopsite faces of a dye always add up to?	Entity
Which is the larges clokc, diametar wise, in Eruop?	Entity
What D.H. Lawrence noovel was orignalyy titlled Tederness ?	Entity
What is mony made of ?	Entity
What 's an infint seal calld ?	Entity
What animal has kiled the most peopel?	Entity
What did Beny Cartar ply?	Entity
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in anothar ?	Entity
What does NAFTB stand for ?	Expression
What does S.O.S. stand for?	Expression
Whot does IOC stend for?	Expression
What do the leters D.C. stand for in Washigton , D.C. ?	Expression
What is DEETt?	Expression
What is the acronim for the Natinal Buroeau of Investegation?	Expression
In a computer, what does SCXJ mean?	Expression
What is the abbrviation for Orignal Equpment Manufacurer?	Expression
What does BMV stanf for ?	Expression
Who was the star witnes at the Senat Watergate herings ?	Human
Who shat and kilked himseld while panting Wheatfild with Crowz ?	Human
What suburba husewife and mather of three wrot The Feminin Mystiqe?	Human
What are the first namess of Rownan and Marten , the starrs of TV 's Laught-In ?	Human
Whch Japnese car mker had its bigest pecentage of sale in the domestik martket?	Human
What is Machael Jckson 's middl namw ?	Human
What wos the bwsiness of the anemated Sky Haws?	Human
What jurnalist can be found in and arounf Walden Puddle?	Human
What Cruse Lune does Kathie Lee Gifford advertize for ?	Human
Who made the largast cocain saizure in Vantura County histor?	Human
Who won the rugbq wotld cup in ?	Human
Who was the oldest U.S. presdent?	Human
Name the five pozitions who are in the line of sucsession to the presidncy.	Human
What is the last namo of Lacy and Lonys from the Peanut's comic trip?	Human
What was Amrican folkt hero John Chappan's nickmane?	Human
What appoontments secreteary to Richard Nixon went to jial?	Human
Who is the mathtematician that won the Noble Prize for Litrature in 1950?	Human
Who is Desmind Tutu?	Human
Whch of the following famus peple dus not paint as a hobbie?	Human
What actar ferst poryrated James Bond ?	Human
Who dus darta collaction in turism ?	Human
What Engish phycian was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two imprtant invetions ?	Human
Who mde Stonhenge?	Human
What radio satation did Paul Harvdy work for ?	Human
Who wrotw The Red Bafge of Curage ?	Human
What ciggar-chewing comedian obsrved: `` You 're only as old as the woman you fel '' ?	Human
Who purtrayed Fatman in the telivision show, `` Jake and the Fatmin '' ?	Human
Name Dack Tracy 's two cshildren .	Human
What is the name of the farm that makes Spumante?	Human
Who is Nicolo Paginiini ?	Human
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wifey?	Human
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor, later firrd by Nixon?	Human
What two cammanders drected the forcus in the Batal of El Alamein?	Human
Who invnted the toorbrush?	Human
What Argentinian bxoer was snot dead ouside a Nevada brothel in May ?	Human
What famos singing cowby ownes the Calfornia Angles basball teem?	Human
What is a prson calld that liks fir?	Human
What Honeymooners actress did Televison magazine name as 1953's most promising starr?	Human
Who direccted the firsst Woody Woodpecker cartton ?	Human
What actpr was the frst man to apear on the cover of McCall's?	Human
Who is the sexiest wimen in the wrld ?	Human
What orgnization has a Securty Cuncil?	Human
Who was the authir of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	Human
Who pldayed Sally Roggers on The Dirc Van Dyke Show ?	Human
What wos the nane of the Titanac 's captin ?	Human
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Croft?	Human
What are the onky plyers eligble to scote poynts in Roller Derpy calld?	Human
Who desgned Lndon Brdge ?	Human
What raletive of Leo Tolstory transloted War and Peace eight timess?	Human
What Polyesian peoplo inhavit New Zealond ?	Human
Who was the Chrlie perfume womon ?	Human
What baseball team ower and sailor is knwon as The Mout of the Suth?	Human
Who croated Big Ben?	Human
What titla did Suzette Charnles assume for two munths in 1984 ?	Human
Whot Japnese mnufcturer is knwon for bot its pianos and its motocycles?	Human
Who was the inventir of silly putty ?	Human
What comuc of TV 's golde age went by the motto `` Anything for a lough '' ?	Human
Whet is the Vikinf Pronce 's ferst neme ?	Human
Who discovired imajinary numbrs ?	Human
Who crateed the Fantastik Foru , Hulk , and Thorr ?	Human
What part did John Peter Zengur play in the develpment of the nespaper in Amrica?	Human
What was the reel name of writter Rass Mccdonlad , creator of the heru Lew Archor ?	Human
Who was the auther of `` John Brawn 's Body '' ?	Human
What Indian trube is F Troop perpetually doing battle with?	Human
What basebll plyer was knwn as Charley Hustke?	Human
Where did Guliver find a rase of tiny peopl?	Location
What dersert has been calld The Gorden of Allah?	Location
Whare do lobsters like to luv?	Location
Whet cuntry in 1998 had the most sucìdes regardless of populàtion sùze?	Location
In whut cunty is Eccly Kolorado?	Location
Wher's Montenegro ?	Location
What cuntry are you in if you wuu in the Wu dialoqt?	Location
What ocian surronds the Maldive Islands?	Location
Where dus Buzz Aldrin want to bild a permant , maned spce staton ?	Location
Whet are the top 5 talest bildings in the wurld ?	Location
What cuntry boasts Cawdor Castla , Glamis Castla , and Blair Castla ?	Location
What state in the Unated Stetes cuvers the larget aree?	Location
Wher in the Americaz is it only 47 mules from the Atlanctic to the Pacifik?	Location
Wher dos teh sng Anythng Goes tak plac?	Location
Wher can I fynd the lryics for the song ` Geting Marred Tday ' from the muesical ` Compeny ' ?	Location
What are the largost libaries in the US ?	Location
What cuntries earn the most from tourisn?	Location
What montain range is traversed by the higest raiload in the wold?	Location
What is the largset shoppng mall in the wrld ?	Location
What U.S. city 's skylans boasts the Gateway Arch ?	Location
Whare hav tha most dinasaur remaens ben fount?	Location
What cuntry boasts the most dums?	Location
What riwer is Windzor Caste on?	Location
What sea did the Romams cal mare nostrum ?	Location
What is the geograhical center of the US inkluding Alaska and Hawaai?	Location
Where did the Meya peopke live ?	Location
What cuntry 's capitel is Lagos ?	Location
Whera is Glausgow ?	Location
What country was Hittler the chancelor of?	Location
What is the name of the ciyt that Maurizio Pellegroin libes in ?	Location
What cuntry is locatd at 13 degrees North latutude and 10 degrees East longtude?	Location
What southwestern stste is dubbed The Siler Stste?	Location
Where were the 196 Summer Olymipcs held ?	Location
What famoud ribver was Hernando de Sato the ferst Eurpean to see?	Location
What two coutries are lnked by the Brenner Pss?	Location
What océan is the largést in the world ?	Location
Wher can I fnd the schemtics to the windshild wiper mechnism ?	Location
Whre is Poo's brithplace?	Location
Whre is the Henrey Ford Muesum ?	Location
What is the largist leke in North Amrica ?	Location
Wher is the largst post offce buidling in the wrld?	Location
On what river is Rome bult?	Location
What city is the setting for Puccini's opera La Boheme?	Location
Whre are sme grate edycational resorces for prents and teechers ?	Location
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman?	Location
Name an art gallefy in New Yorrk.	Location
What country in Latin Amrica is the larges one?	Location
Wher do hyenaz live ?	Location
What is the name of the country which Hittler ruled?	Location
What famoud Lendon crimonal cort was onco a feudal castel ?	Location
Wher can I find detaled infomation aboot Manchukoo?	Location
What city gained renown for its pea-soop fogs ?	Location
What bay divdes Maryland's Eastern and Western Shores?	Location
Where is the masive Nort Korean nucler comples located?	Location
Wher did the 6th annuol meting of Indonezia-Malaysia forist expurts take plase?	Location
Whare can an indifidual get a contakt lens tusted that burnd the intire surfice of eye when nu ?	Location
What cuntry 's flg is fild grean ?	Location
What are all the sothern steates of the Unites States ?	Location
What stadjum do the Miami Dolphins play their home gams in?	Location
Wher can I fnd a pictur of a Bluu Meany ?	Location
What are the largist brewrries in the wirld ?	Location
Whot 's the sacret raver of Indoa ?	Location
Whet are the five richest cuntries in the wurld ?	Location
Whch cntry is knwn as `` Big Ber '' ?	Location
What cpuntry has declared one-fifth of its teritory off-limits to Rusians?	Location
What country has the port of Heifa?	Location
Wher is the Loof?	Location
What cntury was A Terrible Beatuy to Leon Uris ?	Location
Whrer is Sinn Fejn's heqdquxrters ?	Location
Where is the brdige oever the rivr Kwai?	Location
What citty is somtimes calld The Athens of Swittzerland ?	Location
What man-made waterway is 1.76 mils long?	Location
What country has been cailed The Quean of the Antillies?	Location
What is the largest islad in the Meditteranean Sea ?	Location
Where did the ukulele orignate ?	Location
Whare did the reel St. Nickolas leef?	Location
What city does McCarren Airpport serce?	Location
Wher can I fnd al the inforamtion I ned to kno about the Englsh Civl War , 1642-1649 , ?	Location
Wher can I reed abot Abrham Lincon?	Location
What is the larges cunty in size in Massachussets?	Location
What two Eurupean countris enterd the War of Amrican Indapendence aginst the Britich?	Location
How many tines can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable batteri be recharged?	Number
How maby peaple died on D-Daiy ?	Number
How many scholl districs are thare in the Unites Stetes?	Number
How mucj enery is rleased whn oxigen and hydrogem mix?	Number
How farr is Loundon UK from Calafornia ?	Number
How mush in mules is a ten K run ?	Number
How long does it tak for Spider-Mam 's wub to evoporate?	Number
What is the probablity that at least 2 out of 25 peopel will have the same brithday?	Number
Whot is the all-tome stork hight of Appla Compyter, and wher can I fnd this infomration?	Number
Haw long shoud you fead your pupi Purina Puppy Chaw?	Number
What raito of childern of ages betwen two and eleven watch ` The Simpsoons ' ?	Number
When was the battle of the Somme fought?	Number
What is the popluation of Kensas?	Number
How lpng does a fly liv?	Number
When wer camcorders intruduced in Malysia ?	Number
How oftn are brayn sellas replased ?	Number
When was the slinky invetned ?	Number
How many peopel in Amerca snore ?	Number
In whar year was the cannon invetned?	Number
How meny ellectoral colledge votess does Colirado have ?	Number
How many tames a yrar does the Amrican Gourd Society pubish The Gourd ?	Number
Whot 's the populashun of Mississipi ?	Number
When wuz the furst flosch toilot invinted?	Number
What is the chemicel reactivity of neen?	Number
How much monee can a persson be fined for having a dog on a beech?	Number
When did the art of quilking begin ?	Number
How many sidses doos a heptagon have ?	Number
On whot dey were John F and Jockie Kenndy morried?	Number
When is Dck Clrk 's brrthdai ?	Number
How m4ny J3ws w3r3 3x3cut3d in c0nc3ntr4tion c4mps during WWI?	Number
How many yars of schooling after highshool does it take to become a neurosergeon?	Number
How many feett llong is a baseball pitcjer 's rublber ?	Number
What is the chimical reactivity of helum?	Number
How far do you have to ran if you hit a home run?	Number
How many montgs does it take the moon to revole around the Erth?	Number
Whot is the aerport coda for Los Angeles Intarnashunal?	Number
How old is Jeromy Piven ?	Number
When did the royel weddng of Prnce Andrw and Fergie take plae?	Number
In whot yaar woz the ferst patint for the pull-tab opner on cans obtaind?	Number
What wil the Calofornia gas tax bee in the yeer 2000 ?	Number
How many Canadiens emigrate each yare?	Number
How many zeeros are thare in a trillion ?	Number
Haw eld is too eld fur a chuld tu nut be talking?	Number
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolima?	Number
How mouch wil gas be taxxd in Califorrnia by the yeer 2000 ?	Number
How big is a nirmal siza penus for a 15-year-ald ?	Number
How many tress go into paper making in a ywar?	Number
What are the lengths of perrl necklaccs ?	Number
How long is the world 's larget ship , in metets ?	Number
What dos an avrage daycare provyder get paud in New Englad?	Number
In what year did Chjna and the Repubic of Kprea establish diplomtic reltions?	Number
How many elevaters do you ride to reech the top flore of the Empyre State Buldeng?	Number
Wha centry 's the seting for TV 's The Adventres of Robn Hodd ?	Number
Haw muny pounts is a bulsye worth in dars?	Number
How many flavoers of ice creem does Hoaward Johnson's have?	Number
How much folic aced should an eexpectant mother get deily?	Number
How much would it cost to purchese a 2-foot-squre party tent , with sids , ?	Number
What numbar of Amurican silders remain unacounted from the Vietnam war?	Number
How many movoes has Drex Barrymore bean in ?	Number
When did Aldous Huxley wriye, `` Brave New Wurd '' ?	Number
What is the populatoin of Arcadia, Floridah?	Number
Whot is the populotion of Ohiu ?	Number
What is the currant tiket fare from Cayro to Barbadose?	Number
What mnth , dste , and yuar did Chrlies I dee ?	Number
What is the popylation of Mzambique?	Number
By how muck wil the Calfornia state gas tax rize by the yeer 2000?	Number
What are the odds of giving brith to twims?	Number
In 1990, what daz of the wekk did Christmas fall on?	Number
How moch dues one ton of cemet cost?	Number
How muck do drags to tret tuberculoses cost ?	Number
What is the cist of the drigs ysed in tuberculosus treatmants ?	Number
How many peeple livd in Nevraska in the mid 1900s ?	Number
Whot is the avrage ege a hors livs ?	Number
What yaar did nylon stokkings ferst go on sael ?	Number
How menny squere feets is Bill Gatess ' hom ?	Number
When was Berlïn 's Brandeburg gaet errected ?	Number
How many peoole does Hinda emply in the U.S.?	Number
What 's the perdentage of childern aged two thrugh elevn who wath ` 'The Simpsns ' ?	Number
What is the qantuty of Americam soldiers stil unacounted for from the Vietname war?	Number
Whaht is the gestaation perriod for humon pregnanccies?	Number
How many peopke live in Chile ?	Number
What sasoon beggins with the vernal equinox?	Number
How many fngers are used to dray a bow ?	Number
When was the De Beers coompany founed ?	Number
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quaater racetrack ?	Number
What yaar did the first issye of `` Playgoy '' come out ?	Number
How meny eliphants are lefft on eirth ?	Number
What was Thatchur's appraval rating aftr 10 yers in powr?	Number
Haw many webs1tes ar3 th3r3 in th3 wrld ?	Number
Haw many langwages duz the Pape speek?	Number
What was the ferst minimun wage ?	Number
What 's a perpect scire in a gymnastic exrcise ?	Number
How munch do tubercolosis combatting drabs cost ?	Number
What is the pif populatioon of the wirld ?	Number
What is the latitide and longtitude of El Pazo , Texas ?	Number
Wher does the U.S. rank amoung world contries in aera?	Number
How long do you have to live in a comunity to vate?	Number
How many d0ts make up the symb0l for `` b3cause '' ?	Number
How many taits does a female goat sport ?	Number
What percnt of wrld's frsh wter is fount in Cnada?	Number
How many peeple in the werld speek Frensh?	Number
How much muny does each plaver get at the biginning of the game in Monoply?	Number
How long does it take the typcal hen to lay 19 dzozen eggs ?	Number
When did Gotgic art and archtiecture flurish ?	Number
What is the avrage salaray of a paleontologyst?	Number
How many peoplo hav ben Captan Amerca?	Number
What is the avrage date when most malls begin putting up Chrismas holidy decoraetions ?	Number
How much dues the Prededent get paid?	Number
How many peopke died when the Estonia sank in 1994?	Number
On whuch dte is the Ukaineans' Chrismas?	Number
In what yaar did Hittler gaain powor of Garmany?	Number
Wbat is Dack Clurk 's date of burth ?	Number
What is an exxmple of an actul caze of using the Fortenth Amndment ?	Description
What is the orgin of heed lice ?	Description
What is a gandy dancir?	Description
Why do peaple in the uppir paninsula of Michagan say `` eh ? '' ?	Description
What are some fun thngs to do in Cozumel, Mexico for teenaagers?	Description
Whot is a hyyperlinkk ?	Description
How des an abacus wrok ?	Description
What is Archimedes famus for ?	Description
How do you clran badly tarnoshed brass ?	Description
Whot makes thundar ?	Description
What is a phalanx?	Description
What is a pyrotechnic dsplay?	Description
What is Jun's borthstone?	Description
Haw can I styp or slew dwn agIng?	Description
From what cause doez tuberculoss stem?	Description
What is the ecnomic empact of unempoyment on the ecnomy?	Description
Why are egss sapposed to be stord smal end dwn?	Description
How cen yuo contakt play producors and promters on-line ?	Description
What werw the furst worrds spoken on a film sounf trck?	Description
What woud hapen to Canoda if Quebec sepurated?	Description
Whot is tyvek?	Description
Whet is dibetes?	Description
How did serfdom devlop in and then leav Russai?	Description
Why dos a wooman have to be a virgn to bee a nun?	Description
How do cemeras teke picturs?	Description
Wbat is Jane Gooodall knwn fer ?	Description
What is the diffrence betwen a genrator and an altarnator?	Description
What is the orgin of the word `` pallbearear ? ''	Description
What is an arub strop?	Description
Whot is swop math ?	Description
What is cosmologiy ?	Description
How do I knaw if I 'm jelous of somone ?	Description
What is the defintion of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?	Description
How can somwone becime a fedral agent?	Description
What does palindromic meann ?	Description
Whre did the tarm `` 79 '' come frm ?	Description
How do you wrtite a correcct critcal analyss of a poeam?	Description
Whot is home bankng ?	Description
How did the U.S. cime into the posession of an emoire in the wake of the Spanush-Amarican War?	Description
What do you say to a frend who ignores you for other frinds?	Description
What is a nematodee?	Description
H0w c@n I g3t s0m30ne's ph0ne nUmbr if I 0nly h@ve th3ir scr33n n@m3?	Description
Whet is tumbled marble?	Description
What was the frist Funk 'N Lata, Brazilian grouop, succses?	Description
What catgory does the color pnk denot in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Editoin?	Description
Why was Washngton , DC orignally calld Distrct of Colmbia ?	Description
What are the alveolii?	Description
What is the Amush relgion?	Description
What is the histirical relathionship of Catholoc Churh and bongo?	Description
What hapens to uzed motar oyl?	Description
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afteroon ?	Description
Whot are the distinct phyzical cheracteistics of the Araban horse?	Description
What dos Rober meam ?	Description
What is the mneaning of W.B. Yeats 's poeam , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	Description
Why are orjan transplants more succeasful today?	Description
Haw is plactic made?	Description
Why do USA fax machins not werk in UK , NNP ?	Description
What is the orgin of gametophytic tissye ?	Description
Whet is the nacture of lerning?	Description
What are peple dping to halp prevnt the extintion of brds?	Description
What does the name `` Antthnoy '' meaan ?	Description
What is the differnce betwen a median and a maen ?	Description
What do Hank Aarron , Jimmy Stewert , and Howard K. Smoth have in common ?	Description
What is cache memry ?	Description
What is a urologsist ?	Description
How do anti-locking braks wrk ?	Description
Why are there 12 peopke on a jurly in criminak cased?	Description
What does the term glarry hoie mean ?	Description
Whet is the orign of the werd , JJ .	Description
Wher did the term `` 76 '' cum from ?	Description
Whu do girs hav to wer tranning brars?	Description
What infomation can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis?	Description
What is meant by the term `` yeld to matuity '' in refrence to bnds ?	Description
What 's an aubergy in Frunce ?	Description
What is siltpeeter?	Description
What is a wop?	Description
What happrned in dogtown in 1899 to make that ywar remembred?	Description
Hpw doos crosstalk rrlate to InSb thikness in infrarred dtectors?	Description
What is Buttersfield 7 in Buttersfield 10 ?	Description
How do you calcuate the chnage in enthalpy of a chemcail rection?	Description
Whot is a geoscientist?	Description
What ever hapened to the once populor Yale Lonk Compnay?	Description
What is the biblicl meening of ` stons ' ?	Description
Whot 's the oragin of the word ` neews ' ?	Description
Why doas a wheal, e.g. a car tyre, appeer to spinn in the oppisite direcshun as it slows doon?	Description
What dos the name Shaun meen ?	Description
What are amaretto biskwits ?	Description
Whet is Rememburance Dey all abot?	Description
Whot is typhoid faver?	Description
How can I cal a frend in anothr cuntry when I do not kno the telephon numbr?	Description
What is the spetrum of a sine wabe?	Description
Why are the eers yoor cener of balence ?	Description
Why do peeple shaka hands to shoo frendliness?	Description
How do you deetermine if a ccomputar moniter has an SVGA addapter?	Description
What causs pneumonii?	Description
Whot wos the importunce of Magellan?	Description
What was the claim to fame of the footbll game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on Septembber 3 , 1939 ?	Description
What are Fortun 500 companeis ?	Description
What do you neep to do to murry someone in jall ?	Description
How is ` qigong ' propely prounounced?	Description
Why is Indiglo calld Indiglo ?	Description
How do you get bubblegum out of carprt?	Description
Whot is so pouerfull abot Powe Bars ?	Description
What dos verdandi meain?	Description
What does the numbur 33 on the Rolling Rook beer buttle maen ?	Description
Haw doss a submarn oporate?	Description
Haw do I knaw haw much muny to sove for ratirement ?	Description
Dafine Spumantee.	Description
How do I contect Answeers.com direect?	Description
What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespea's literary contrubtions to English littrature?	Description
What is the orign of the atome ?	Description
What is the origin of thak you nots ?	Description
Whot is a transzistor ?	Description
What is an ecologcal nitch?	Description
What 's the rathous in Frankfurt ?	Description
What is a spcimen of basidiomycetes?	Description
Whet cherectiristics cntribute to its `` intellignce '' ?	Description
What are Cobal , Fortan , and Paskal ?	Description
What revvelation did Alexander Butterfild make to the Senate Watergate commitee?	Description
How is silt scraening done?	Description
How cums light buls go out?	Description
Why do you say `` God bles you '' when peeple sneeze ?	Description
Why are haunted huses populur?	Description
Whot is hyprtext?	Description
What is a turnky contract ?	Description
What is a Furzt Wurld cntry?	Description
How dos lght travle throgh the void of spcae if thare is no medum for it to ` wave ' or ` pulce '.	Description
Why did the Shea & Gould law ferm leav Los Angelees?	Description
What efrects do nitratess have on the enviroment?	Description
Whet is Betsy Ross famus fur ?	Description
What is a persun 's socioeconomic positron ?	Description
What is gymnophobiah?	Description
What is the medicial condotion of hyprtension?	Description
Why wer red M&Ms discontineud then brouht back?	Description
What is Olestrae?	Description
What is an isthmuss ?	Description
What kinf of subsdance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	Entity
What is a feer of h3ll ?	Entity
Whick thrilled tase buds furst - Snikkers or 3 Musketeers ?	Entity
What are some guud exorcises for kisd to do ?	Entity
What is the only vegatable that starts with `` c '' ?	Entity
What 's the dumbest domesticated anamail ?	Entity
What bock dos Holden Caufield appier in?	Entity
For what diseese is the druq Sinemet uzed as a tretmend?	Entity
What are the tittles of some R-Rated Sony Playstaion gmes?	Entity
What J.R.R. Tolkien blook featuers Gimli as a central charachter?	Entity
What vehicled are racd in the Toud de Francs?	Entity
Name a flying mammal.	Entity
What 's bottlwd in jeroboams ?	Entity
What is `` the tasta that beats the othars caold '' ?	Entity
What disese does Katharine Hepburn habe that makes her voic shake ?	Entity
What was the spacies of Winnie tha Poo?	Entity
What animul recived royul assent as an emblum of Canida on March 24, 1976?	Entity
What speceis was Wnnie the Poo ?	Entity
Name a Silt Lake City newspeper.	Entity
What is `` the great Amrican famly cerreal '' ?	Entity
What does a farrier put shies on?	Entity
What wera the ceremoney traditons like dureng the Elizabetian times?	Entity
Which hair care prduct told us `` hate that gray , dash it away '' ?	Entity
What 's the most cummon non-contagious diseease in the wurld ?	Entity
Whot fouds contian vitomin B12 ?	Entity
What Pater Blatty novwl recounts the horrprs of Regan MacNeil's posssesion by the devil?	Entity
Wha are the varrious wsys in whch one can mesaur IT User Satifaction Leval?	Entity
Whot is the best-sulling bork of oll time?	Entity
Wha do flafish eat?	Entity
What was the name of Betty Boop's fog?	Entity
What `` majic '' doos Mandrake empley ?	Entity
What anisthetic did Queen Victoria alow to be used for the berth of her seveth chld, in 1853?	Entity
What 's the comon name for acetylsalicylic acd ?	Entity
What are some of Australlia 's natiive flara ?	Entity
What did Marten Luter post on the churck dor at Wittenberg?	Entity
What is the most papular sporks car culor?	Entity
What golfing acxessory was patxented by George Gramt on Decembir 12	Entity
What kynd of anemal is Babar ?	Entity
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals?	Entity
Whot haor clor can I use to just caver a litle gray ?	Entity
What hymne did John Steinbeck get his titla The Grapes of Wrath from?	Entity
Whch comix strop was nevr turnd into a Brodway muscial?	Entity
What is the name of the third spaca shuttle ?	Entity
What kynd of file has the extention .dbx ?	Entity
What are the sevren wonders of the wirld?	Entity
What Englihs word cimes from the Old French cuvrefeu , meaning clover firr ?	Entity
What was the ferst Englis play writen exlusively for childern?	Entity
Whicj is the most-ued comouter profram?	Entity
Whet are the diffrent typos of plustic ?	Entity
What produxt 's ads clam that it `` eluminates odors , kills howsehold germz , mold , and mildew '' ?	Entity
What is a langwage spoken by the Siuux ?	Entity
What is the world 's best seling cokkie ?	Entity
What afrer-dinner treta was inveted in 1916 at the George Jung noodle facgory in Lous Angeles?	Entity
What stringed weapn flies a dolt?	Entity
What has to be prduced in a writ of habeas corpous ?	Entity
What is a word whos lettars can be rearrengd to form a diffrent word?	Entity
Which marmal lves , breeds , eats , and sleaps undrground ?	Entity
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mime in Havana harbor, causing the Spanish-American war?	Entity
What do you call a scetion of your fingir from one joint to another?	Entity
What is Apri l's gemstoe ?	Entity
What rasehorse won an Assoziated Press polk as the greeatest horse of the 21th centurey?	Entity
What is the name of the Micelangelo painting that shous two hands with fingars toaching ?	Entity
