What station did Mary work for?	Entity
Which produces longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse?	Entity
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as?	Entity
What format was VHS's main competition?	Entity
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo proficient with?	Entity
What film ends with the line: "This is Mrs. Maine"?	Entity
Which mosquito's bite draws blood, DT NN CC DT NN.	Entity
What is the correct way to use ``may'' vs. ``might''?	Entity
What tale has the moral: "He who wants everything gets nothing"?	Entity
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word?	Entity
Which soft drink has its own video game and was in a Marvel comic book?	Entity
What race is 1,137 miles long?	Entity
What is one language spoken by the Sioux called?	Entity
What do the French call Manche?	Entity
Which comic book was not spawned from pulp?	Entity
What were the trials called that followed World War II?	Entity
What does a phobophobe fear?	Entity
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux?	Entity
What is the green variety of beryl called?	Entity
What war was fought by the Spanish in the Philippines?	Entity
Aspartame is known by what other name?	Entity
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896?	Entity
What is the name of the largest water project in China?	Entity
What is fear of motion?	Entity
What album put The Beatles on Time's cover in 1967?	Entity
What book opens: ``At a village in La Mancha, which I shall not name...''?	Entity
What walks on four legs, then on two, then on three?	Entity
What two body parts grow life?	Entity
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler?	Entity
Which is a real berry: blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, strawberry?	Entity
What kind of team is the Wisconsin Badgers?	Entity
What sport features slotbacks, tailbacks, and touchbacks?	Entity
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean?	Expression
What does G.M.T. stand for?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene?	Expression
What is LMDS?	Expression
What does U.S.S.R. stand for?	Expression
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation?	Expression
What does IBM mean?	Expression
What does e.g. mean?	Expression
What is a "USB" port on a computer?	Expression
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa?	Human
Who was the lyricist and composer between Gilbert and Sullivan?	Human
Who declared: "I think I'll go milk the elk"?	Human
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC's Justice League?	Human
Who is the author of "The Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher"?	Human
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953's Stalag 17?	Human
Who played the Godfather in 'The Godfather'?	Human
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex?	Human
Who was the architect of Central Park?	Human
Which company started making pies and ended up manufacturing plastic toys?	Human
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star?	Human
Who was the prophet of Muslims?	Human
What role did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of newspapers in America?	Human
What comic strip character died of acne?	Human
Whose cupboard was bare?	Human
Name a skater.	Human
Who was William Harrison?	Human
What is "the airline for professionals"?	Human
Which President told Gene Autry: "Please give my regards to your wife Dale"?	Human
Which Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup?	Human
Name the Ranger after Yogi Bear.	Human
Which Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York?	Human
What is comic strip photographer Peter Parker's identity?	Human
Who is the actress Bette Davis wished to look like?	Human
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun?	Human
Who won the 1978 Grand Prix championship?	Human
Who kept the most famous diary in English?	Human
Who directed ``Jaws''?	Human
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill?	Human
Who led the opposition when Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany?	Human
Who claimed to be the world's most perfectly developed man?	Human
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique?	Human
Which college produced the most Super Bowl quarterbacks?	Human
Who received an honorary degree from Northwestern?	Human
Which painter popularized soup cans and Brillo boxes?	Human
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown's School Days?	Human
Who reports the weather on "Good Morning America"?	Human
Who asked: "Have you ever been to Electric Ladyland?"	Human
What is the best Internet business to enter?	Human
Who was Thucydides?	Human
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for?	Human
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks?	Human
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994?	Human
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate?	Human
Who started Domino's?	Human
What is the name of Miss India 1994?	Human
Who plays the cop in ``Kindergarten Cop''?	Human
Who is the First Lady of Stage?	Human
Which singer became despondent over Freddie Prinze's death, quit show business, and left the industry?	Human
Who did Dita Beard work for?	Human
Who is Karenna Gore, Al Gore's oldest daughter, married to?	Human
Who painted ``Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon''?	Human
Who runs Andy Capp's pub?	Human
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space?	Human
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the West.	Human
What's the name of Popeye's son?	Human
Name the daughters of John Mills.	Human
Who does Uncle Duke's girlfriend Honey room with?	Human
Who gave Arthur the table?	Human
Name a band famous in the 1960s.	Human
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide?	Human
Which university fired Angela Davis?	Human
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university?	Human
Who is Marbella's mayor?	Human
Who invented bowling?	Human
Where is Amsterdam?	Location
Which New England state has the area code 27?	Location
What ocean surrounds Madeira?	Location
Where did the real St. Nicholas live?	Location
What is the name of the planet the Ewoks live on?	Location
Which U.S. city’s skyline features the Gateway Arch?	Location
What is worth seeing in Reims?	Location
Where can I find a perpetual calendar?	Location
What country is north of Costa Rica?	Location
What are the five most expensive cities in the world?	Location
Where are the Stockyards?	Location
Where is information on the novel "El Cid"?	Location
Which islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?	Location
Which country is famous for rugs?	Location
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa?	Location
Where is the Keck telescope?	Location
What country was Hitler chancellor of?	Location
Where can I find directions to build a treehouse?	Location
Which countries have the best math students?	Location
Which constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux?	Location
Which South American city has Copacabana and Ipanema?	Location
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek?	Location
Where can I get information and statistics on countries?	Location
What country is the setting for Poe's The Pit and Pendulum?	Location
Which country did the Allies invade in World War II's Operation Avalanche?	Location
Which European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing cost more than their value?	Location
Where did Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, Prussian explorer, go to school?	Location
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found?	Location
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now?	Location
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site?	Location
Which Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad?	Location
Which North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra's Needle?	Location
Which state has the most Indians?	Location
Which country will hit year 2 first?	Location
What mountainous region is the Lhasa Apso native to?	Location
What is the capital of California?	Location
Where was "I have fallen, and I can't get up" said first?	Location
Which state covers 49,576 square miles?	Location
What city is the kickoff point for Everest climbs?	Location
What is the highest peak?	Location
Where are Eli Lilly's headquarters?	Location
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi?	Location
What state is Niagara Falls?	Location
What river is Pocahontas buried?	Location
What was the highest mountain on earth before Everest was discovered?	Location
What is the nickname for Mississippi?	Location
Which two countries share the Khyber Pass?	Location
Where does most marijuana entering the U.S. come from?	Location
What mountain range is crossed by the highest railroad in the world?	Location
Which Southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak?	Location
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of?	Location
Where are diamonds mined?	Location
What river is Windsor Castle on?	Location
Which area produces the least acidic coffee?	Location
Which North American city has the most meters?	Location
Where does opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from?	Location
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span?	Location
What is the greatest hiking site?	Location
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands?	Location
Where in the Bible are Jesus' brothers and sisters mentioned?	Location
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft?	Location
What is the best place to live in the world, considering climate and civilization?	Location
What continent appears in the upper left corner of a Budweiser label?	Location
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place?	Location
Which country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites?	Location
What is George Lucas's email?	Location
Which country first used the airplane as a weapon of war against the Turks in Libya?	Location
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts?	Location
Which continent has the most roses?	Location
What's the world's largest cathedral?	Location
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near?	Location
Where is Webster University?	Location
Where is Burma?	Location
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195?	Location
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand?	Location
What river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see?	Location
Which Great Lake is entirely within U.S. territory?	Location
Where can I find the full draft of the CTBT?	Location
Where did Gulliver find tiny people?	Location
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone?	Location
Where is Kentucky Horse Park?	Location
When was the Hoover Dam built?	Number
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown?	Number
What was Joe Namath's first contract worth?	Number
How many calories are in soy sauce?	Number
CNN began broadcasting in what year?	Number
How many people in Tucson?	Number
How many names are there for Eskimo people?	Number
What is the horsepower of shuttle boosters?	Number
What was the first minimum wage?	Number
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily?	Number
What are the unemployment statistics for 1965 and 1990?	Number
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan?	Number
When was Yemen reunified?	Number
How many bones are in the hand?	Number
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee?	Number
When did Vesuvius last erupt?	Number
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge?	Number
How old was Siskel?	Number
How many inches are adjacent pins in bowling?	Number
How many teaspoons are in a tablespoon?	Number
How many stars are in the Big Dipper?	Number
How many varieties of apples are there?	Number
How fast is a 45MHz processor?	Number
How big is the universe?	Number
How old is Bernadette?	Number
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole?	Number
The film "Jaws" was made in what year?	Number
How many times was pitcher Warren Spahn a 20-game winner in 21 seasons?	Number
What is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old?	Number
How long must you live in a community to vote?	Number
How long does it take for blood to make one trip through the body?	Number
When did quilting begin?	Number
What’s the American equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K.?	Number
What is Columbia Tristar's phone number?	Number
How many colored squares are on a Rubik's Cube?	Number
When did CNN begin broadcasting?	Number
What is the horsepower of shuttle boosters?	Number
When did Spain and Korea start relations?	Number
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone?	Number
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles marry?	Number
How many acres in a mile?	Number
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy?	Number
When do you plant winter wheat?	Number
How many cubic feet does a gallon of water occupy?	Number
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish?	Number
What was the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait?	Number
How many mines remain in the Falklands after the war?	Number
What are the chances of pregnancy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina?	Number
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992?	Number
When was John D. Rockefeller born?	Number
How big is the Chappellet vineyard?	Number
How many websites are in the world?	Number
What season is the setting for Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream?	Number
How many Beatles records went #1?	Number
How many equal angles are in an isosceles triangle?	Number
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S.?	Number
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost?	Number
How many referees work a soccer game?	Number
How many lakes are on Earth?	Number
What is the average cost for four years of medical school?	Number
How many quarts of milk are needed to make one pound of butter?	Number
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money?	Number
How many questions do you have in your database?	Number
What is the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero centigrade?	Number
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach?	Number
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album?	Number
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war?	Number
How many years are in a lustrum?	Number
How much did a McDonald's hamburger cost in 1963?	Number
How many family members could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II?	Number
When was Calypso music invented?	Number
What is the time for a typist to type a 100-page screenplay?	Number
How old is too old for a child not to be talking?	Number
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France?	Number
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts?	Number
When did the Carolingian period begin?	Number
When did Mount St. Helens last have a major eruption?	Number
What percentage of silver production is from independent silversmiths?	Number
How many American soldiers died for their country?	Number
When was the NFL created?	Number
When does the Bible say seasons started?	Number
What month did Fitzgerald sink?	Number
When was Berlin's Brandenburg Gate built?	Number
How big is our galaxy's diameter?	Number
How many months does human pregnancy last?	Number
How long do hermit crabs live?	Number
How many types of twins are there?	Number
How long do cardinal eggs incubate?	Number
How many people watch TV?	Number
When was Hurricane Hugo?	Number
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained?	Number
When is the Sun closest to Earth?	Number
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off air?	Number
When was Dick Clark born?	Number
What is Boxing Day?	Number
When was Beethoven born?	Number
How often are brain cells replaced?	Number
When was Christ born?	Number
What geological time do we live in?	Number
What percentage of children aged two to eleven watch "The Simpsons"?	Number
What is the cooking temperature?	Number
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992?	Number
When was Babe Ruth born?	Number
How old is the sun?	Number
When did Pangaea break up?	Number
How many characters make up a word for typing tests?	Number
What is Dick Clark's birthday?	Number
How long does the moon revolve around Earth?	Number
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial?	Number
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish?	Number
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod?	Number
How much money did Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury?	Number
How many soldiers died in WWII?	Number
What does Elysium mean?	Description
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down?	Description
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite?	Description
How can anyone tell if a female had intercourse?	Description
What is cunnilingus?	Description
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Description
How can I trace my family roots?	Description
What is "cat scratch fever"?	Description
What is the history of the hairdryer?	Description
What happened in the Long March?	Description
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden?	Description
What is chromatology?	Description
What is the difference between microprocessors and microcontrollers?	Description
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal?	Description
Why are lions called "King of the Jungle"?	Description
What causes canker sores in the mouth?	Description
What are Fortune 500 companies?	Description
What is the origin of ``jiggy'' as in getting jiggy with it?	Description
What will a compass do in space?	Description
What is swap math?	Description
What is Compaq's mission?	Description
How is strontium purified?	Description
What is a "repeating voter"?	Description
Why did San Diego schools remove apples from menus?	Description
Why must a woman be a virgin to be a nun?	Description
What is the meaning of caliente?	Description
What are some children's rights?	Description
What is osmosis?	Description
How does a glacier form?	Description
What is saltpeter?	Description
What do you need to marry someone in jail?	Description
What is e-commerce?	Description
What is deadrise, nautical?	Description
What is a Mexican hairless?	Description
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn?	Description
How does a hydroelectric dam work?	Description
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix?	Description
What are the seven deadly sins?	Description
What was the Long March in China?	Description
How can you define time?	Description
What are bear and bull markets?	Description
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast?	Description
What is the origin of the word, JJ?	Description
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors?	Description
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking?	Description
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness?	Description
What is Franz Kafka's short story "A Country Doctor" trying to tell us?	Description
How do you create a bibliography page?	Description
What is the biblical meaning of `stones'?	Description
What is Toulmin logic?	Description
Why do airliners crash vs. glide down?	Description
What else has the swastika stood for?	Description
Why do light bulbs go out?	Description
How did the months of the year get their names?	Description
Why is the universe flat? If it started by an explosion, shouldn't it be a sphere?	Description
What is paracetamol?	Description
How do you get rid of woodpeckers?	Description
How do I tie a tie?	Description
How do they choose witnesses for an execution?	Description
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contribution for income tax purposes?	Description
Where did the term "86" come from?	Description
How does an abacus work?	Description
What are the medical purposes of clitoridectomy?	Description
What is molybdenum?	Description
What is the design of the Titanic?	Description
How does the speed of the magnet in a generator affect output?	Description
What is SED rate?	Description
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?	Description
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school?	Description
What is digitalis?	Description
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor?	Description
What is the Hub of London?	Description
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason?	Description
How do you throw a housewarming party?	Description
How does a small businessman contact Good Humor Ice Cream to do business?	Description
What are the major differences between Catholic and Methodist religions?	Description
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8?	Description
How do you select wine?	Description
What is white chocolate?	Description
What is the history of skateboarding?	Description
What happened during the Blackhawk War of 1832?	Description
How do you fix squeaky floors?	Description
Define Sinn Fein.	Description
How can I get free technical information on Electric Vehicles?	Description
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant stripes?	Description
Where did the marriage ceremony come from?	Description
What is fiber in food?	Description
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers?	Description
What is Jane Goodall famous for?	Description
What is a urologist?	Description
Where did the saying "rule of thumb" come from?	Description
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1,000 in the 1950s?	Description
Why do chickenpox last long?	Description
Why is Thanksgiving on Thursday?	Description
What is the origin of the atom?	Description
How does rabies spread?	Description
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship?	Description
How do you buy stocks?	Description
What's the Olympic motto?	Description
How is Easter Sunday date determined?	Description
What does storm wave mean in Japanese?	Description
How did the bikini get its name?	Description
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid?	Description
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst?	Description
What does ``Rupee Depreciates'' mean?	Description
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan?	Description
How does Cos Cob, CT get its name?	Description
What is Cabernet Sauvignon?	Description
How can I look up someone's email on the Internet?	Description
How is silk screening done?	Description
What is office automation?	Description
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my keyboard?	Description
What is a gas release event?	Description
Where did the name root beer come from?	Description
What is the meaning of Jesus?	Description
How do I install a tile floor?	Description
What is Candlemas?	Description
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb?	Description
What happened to Pepsi Clear?	Description
How is water treated to make it safe to drink?	Description
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s?	Description
What is an auberge in France?	Description
What is PLC?	Description
What is the filmmakers' collaboration?	Description
What are boxcars?	Description
What is literary criticism?	Description
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias?	Description
What is the origin of the name Katie?	Description
How do I find info about rice importers worldwide?	Description
What is the Kashmir issue?	Description
What do you do when your mouse isn't working as fast as supposed?	Description
What is a tonne?	Description
How can I find a list of fax and email addresses for human resources in Massachusetts?	Description
What does the Greek word polis mean, as in Minneapolis?	Description
How was Kennedy money made?	Description
Why does a doughnut have a hole?	Description
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs?	Description
How do ants mate?	Description
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun?	Entity
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps ''?	Entity
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a test for in 196?	Entity
What war saw battles at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?	Entity
Name a product that controls apple ripening.	Entity
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope, and how big is it?	Entity
What is "the bear of beers"?	Entity
Which operating system is on the most computers?	Entity
What are the 7 articles of the constitution?	Entity
Which dog is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris?	Entity
What is the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach?	Entity
A corgi is a type of?	Entity
What is a fear of thunder?	Entity
What letter appears on the cold tap in Spain?	Entity
What color Poker chip is assigned the lowest value?	Entity
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication?	Entity
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin?	Entity
Which song put James Taylor in the spotlight?	Entity
What does Visine get out?	Entity
What is a fear of children?	Entity
What does saliva consist of?	Entity
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable?	Entity
What are two plants that clothes are made from?	Entity
What class is the bourgeoisie?	Entity
What livestock have the greatest variety of breeds?	Entity
What is the fear of night or darkness?	Entity
What does a chef coddle eggs in?	Entity
What education do I need to become a flight attendant?	Entity
What was the name of the ball game played by the Mayans?	Entity
What overalls are named for Dungri, a suburb of Bombay?	Entity
Who were John F. Kennedy's dogs?	Entity
What color is "ash"?	Entity
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol?	Entity
What does a topophobic actor suffer from?	Entity
What is the procedure for drilling a hole in your skull to achieve higher consciousness?	Entity
What is the correct way to use "may" vs. "might"?	Entity
What was the name of the computer in '2001: A Space Odyssey'?	Entity
What five-time Kentucky Derby winner lost his first 25 races?	Entity
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with?	Entity
What was the eighth day after the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called?	Entity
What's bottled in jeroboams?	Entity
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops?	Entity
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newborn in Judaism called?	Entity
What plants are found in estuaries?	Entity
What is the best way to travel in Japan?	Entity
What's the green variety of beryl called?	Entity
What hide-and-seek game is played around a can?	Entity
What do chefs call Master Spice?	Entity
What product features a frog that says "dig 'em"?	Entity
What new games are available for Nintendo 64?	Entity
What film was Jude Law in?	Entity
What foods contain vitamin B12?	Entity
What English word contains the most letters?	Entity
What guitar did Hendrix play?	Entity
What is used to detect birth defects?	Entity
Name the vessel used by Atari Force in DC comics.	Entity
What was the name of the ``Little Rascals'' dog?	Entity
What newspaper will `` help you see clearer across USA ''?	Entity
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in?	Entity
In the Miller Lite commercial, who is the creature?	Entity
Which Kennedy was married to Ethel?	Entity
In what religion was Isis a goddess?	Entity
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He's So Fine by The Chiffons?	Entity
What is a good book for people who hate reading?	Entity
What was the name of Hitler's failed attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923?	Entity
Which rocket launched the Surveyor?	Entity
What is the term for a group of geese?	Entity
Where does your hair grow fastest?	Entity
What alloy do copper and tin form?	Entity
What’s ruined many boys in New Orleans?	Entity
What two animals are mentioned in Noah's Ark?	Entity
What station did Mary work for?	Entity
What poem contains the line, "grow old with me the best yet to be"?	Entity
Which Shakespearean play featured Shylock?	Entity
What are the snakes of New England?	Entity
What colors make a rainbow?	Entity
What is the best-selling computer model?	Entity
What were Richard Nixon's achievements?	Entity
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts?	Entity
What is the most famous German word in English?	Entity
What kind of suit did hepcats wear in 1942?	Entity
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine?	Entity
What is Ray Bradbury's Illustrated Man illustrated with?	Entity
What does an ashen-faced eidologist search for?	Entity
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what does it do to your body?	Entity
What is the main ingredient of yogurt?	Entity
What do opposite faces of a die add up to?	Entity
What is the largest clock diameter in Europe?	Entity
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness?	Entity
What is money made of?	Entity
What is an infant seal called?	Entity
What animal has killed the most people?	Entity
What did Benny play?	Entity
What’s the term for an organism that lives on or in another?	Entity
What does NAFTA mean?	Expression
What does S.O.S. stand for?	Expression
What does IOC mean?	Expression
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington, D.C.?	Expression
What is DEET?	Expression
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation?	Expression
In a computer, what does SCSI mean?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer?	Expression
What does BMW stand for?	Expression
Who was the star witness at the Watergate hearings?	Human
Who shot himself painting Wheatfield with Crows?	Human
Which housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique?	Human
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin, stars of Laugh-In?	Human
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sales in the domestic market?	Human
What is Michael Jackson's middle name?	Human
What was the business of Sky Hawks?	Human
Which journalist is in Walden Puddle?	Human
Which cruise line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for?	Human
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura?	Human
Who won the Cup?	Human
Who was the oldest president?	Human
Name the five positions in the succession to the presidency.	Human
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from Peanuts?	Human
What was American folk hero John Chapman's nickname?	Human
Which appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail?	Human
Who is the mathematician that won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1950?	Human
Who is Desmond Tutu?	Human
Which famous person does not paint as a hobby?	Human
Who first portrayed Bond?	Human
Who collects data in tourism?	Human
Which English physician was born January 18, 1779 and created two important inventions?	Human
Who made Stonehenge?	Human
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for?	Human
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage?	Human
What cigar-chewing comedian observed: "You're only as old as the woman you feel"?	Human
Who portrayed Fatman in "Jake and the Fatman"?	Human
Name Dick Tracy's kids.	Human
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante?	Human
Who is Paganini?	Human
Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife?	Human
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor fired by Nixon?	Human
Which commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein?	Human
Who invented the toothbrush?	Human
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May?	Human
Which singing cowboy owns the Angels?	Human
What is a person called who likes fire?	Human
Which Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953's most promising star?	Human
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon?	Human
Which actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall's?	Human
Who is the sexiest woman in the world?	Human
What organization has a Security Council?	Human
Who was the author of the novel ``Far From the Madding Crowd''?	Human
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show?	Human
What was the name of Titanic's captain?	Human
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft?	Human
What are the players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called?	Human
Who designed London Bridge?	Human
Which relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times?	Human
Which Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand?	Human
Who was the Charlie perfume woman?	Human
Which baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of South?	Human
Who created Big Ben?	Human
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984?	Human
Which Japanese manufacturer is known for pianos and motorcycles?	Human
Who invented Silly Putty?	Human
What comic from TV's golden age had the motto "Anything for a laugh"?	Human
What is the Viking Prince's first name?	Human
Who discovered imaginary numbers?	Human
Who created the Fantastic Four, Hulk, and Thor?	Human
What role did John Peter Zenger play in the development of newspapers in America?	Human
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald, creator of Lew Archer?	Human
Who was the author of "John Brown's Body"?	Human
Which Indian tribe is F Troop battling?	Human
Which player was known as Hustle?	Human
Where did Gulliver find tiny people?	Location
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah?	Location
Where do lobsters live?	Location
Which country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population?	Location
What county is Eckley, Colorado?	Location
Where's Montenegro?	Location
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect?	Location
What ocean surrounds the Maldives?	Location
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent space station?	Location
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world?	Location
Which country has Cawdor, Glamis, and Blair Castle?	Location
What state in the United States covers the largest area?	Location
Where in the Americas is it 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific?	Location
Where does the song Anything Goes take place?	Location
Where can I find lyrics for the song `Getting Married Today' from the musical `Company'?	Location
What are the largest libraries in the US?	Location
Which countries earn the most from tourism?	Location
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world?	Location
What is the largest mall in the world?	Location
Which U.S. city skyline features the Gateway Arch?	Location
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found?	Location
Which country has the most dams?	Location
What river is Windsor Castle on?	Location
What sea did Romans call nostrum?	Location
What is the geographical center of the US, including Alaska and Hawaii?	Location
Where did the Maya live?	Location
Which country's capital is Lagos?	Location
Where is Glasgow?	Location
What country was Hitler chancellor of?	Location
What is the name of the city Maurizio Pellegrin lives in?	Location
What country is at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East?	Location
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State?	Location
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held?	Location
What river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see?	Location
Which two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass?	Location
What ocean is largest in world?	Location
Where can I find schematics for the wiper mechanism?	Location
Where is Poe's birthplace?	Location
Where is the Ford Museum?	Location
What is the largest lake in North America?	Location
Where is the largest post office in the world?	Location
What river is Rome built on?	Location
What city is the setting for Puccini's opera La Boheme?	Location
Where are great educational resources for parents and teachers?	Location
Which country was General McArthur in when recalled by President Truman?	Location
Name an art gallery in New York.	Location
Which country in Latin America is largest?	Location
Where do hyenas live?	Location
What is the name of the country Hitler ruled?	Location
Which London court was once a feudal castle?	Location
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo?	Location
Which city gained renown for its pea-soup fog?	Location
What bay divides Maryland's Eastern and Western Shores?	Location
Where is the North Korean nuclear complex located?	Location
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place?	Location
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the eye?	Location
Which country's flag is green?	Location
What are the southern states of the U.S.?	Location
What stadium do the Dolphins play their home games in?	Location
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie?	Location
What are the largest breweries in the world?	Location
What's the sacred river of India?	Location
What are the five richest countries in the world?	Location
Which country is known as "Big Bear"?	Location
Which country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians?	Location
Which country has the port of Haifa?	Location
Where is the Loop?	Location
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris?	Location
Where is Sinn Fein headquarters?	Location
Where is the bridge over Kwai?	Location
What city is called The Athens of Switzerland?	Location
What man-made waterway is 1.76 miles long?	Location
What country has been called the Queen of the Antilles?	Location
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean?	Location
Where did the ukulele originate?	Location
Where did the real St. Nicholas live?	Location
What city does McCarren Airport serve?	Location
Where can I find information about the English Civil War, 1642-1649?	Location
Where can I read about Lincoln?	Location
What is the largest county in Massachusetts?	Location
Which two European countries entered the War of Independence against Britain?	Location
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged?	Number
How many died on D-Day?	Number
How many school districts are in the U.S.?	Number
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix?	Number
How far is London from California?	Number
How many miles is a ten K run?	Number
How long for Spider-Man's web to evaporate?	Number
What is the probability that at least 2 of 25 people share a birthday?	Number
What is the all-time high of Apple stock, and where can I find this?	Number
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow?	Number
What ratio of children ages two to eleven watch `The Simpsons'?	Number
When was the Battle of the Somme fought?	Number
What is the population of Kansas?	Number
How long does a fly live?	Number
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia?	Number
How often are brain cells replaced?	Number
When was the slinky invented?	Number
How many people in America snore?	Number
In what year was the cannon invented?	Number
How many electoral votes does Colorado have?	Number
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd?	Number
What's the population of Mississippi?	Number
When was the first flush toilet invented?	Number
What is the reactivity of neon?	Number
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach?	Number
When did quilting begin?	Number
How many sides does a heptagon have?	Number
On what day were John and Jackie married?	Number
When is Dick Clark's birthday?	Number
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII?	Number
How many years of schooling after high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon?	Number
How long is a baseball pitcher's rubber?	Number
What is the reactivity of helium?	Number
How far do you run if you hit a home run?	Number
How many months does it take for the moon to revolve around Earth?	Number
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International?	Number
How old is Piven?	Number
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place?	Number
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained?	Number
What will the California gas tax be in 2000?	Number
How many Canadians emigrate each year?	Number
How many zeros are in a trillion?	Number
How old is too old for a child not talking?	Number
Miles to Ohio from North Carolina?	Number
How much will gas be taxed in California by 2000?	Number
What is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old?	Number
How many trees are used in paper making each year?	Number
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces?	Number
How long is the world's largest ship in meters?	Number
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England?	Number
In what year did China and South Korea establish relations?	Number
How many elevators do you take to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building?	Number
What century is the setting for The Adventures of Robin Hood?	Number
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts?	Number
How many ice cream flavors does Howard Johnson's have?	Number
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily?	Number
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot square party tent with sides?	Number
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam War?	Number
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in?	Number
When did Aldous Huxley write "Brave New World"?	Number
What is the population of Arcadia, Florida?	Number
What is Ohio's population?	Number
What is the fare from Cairo to Barbados?	Number
What month and year did Charles I die?	Number
What is the population of Mozambique?	Number
How much will the California gas tax rise by the year 2000?	Number
What are the odds of giving birth to twins?	Number
In 1990, what day did Christmas fall?	Number
How much does one ton of cement cost?	Number
How much do tuberculosis drugs cost?	Number
What is the cost of tuberculosis treatments?	Number
How many people lived in Nebraska in the 1900s?	Number
What is the average lifespan of a horse?	Number
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale?	Number
How many square feet is Bill Gates' home?	Number
When was Berlin's Brandenburg Gate built?	Number
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S.?	Number
What's the percentage of children aged two to eleven who watch 'The Simpsons'?	Number
What is the quantity of American soldiers unaccounted for from the Vietnam war?	Number
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies?	Number
How many people live in Chile?	Number
What season begins with the vernal equinox?	Number
How many fingers are used to draw a bow?	Number
When was De Beers founded?	Number
How many furlongs are in a mile-and-a-quarter track?	Number
What year did the first "Playboy" issue come out?	Number
How many elephants are left on earth?	Number
What was Thatcher's approval rating after 10 years in power?	Number
How many websites are in the world?	Number
How many languages does the Pope speak?	Number
What was the first minimum wage?	Number
What is a perfect score in gymnastics?	Number
How much do tuberculosis drugs cost?	Number
When did Spielberg direct "Jaws"?	Number
What is the pig population of the world?	Number
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?	Number
Where does the U.S. rank among countries in area?	Number
How long must you live in a community to vote?	Number
How many dots make the symbol for ``because''?	Number
How many teats does a female goat have?	Number
What percent of the world's fresh water is in Canada?	Number
How many people speak French worldwide?	Number
How much money does each player get at the beginning of Monopoly?	Number
How long does it take a hen to lay 19 eggs?	Number
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish?	Number
What is the average salary of a paleontologist?	Number
How many people have been Captain America?	Number
What is the average date when malls begin putting up Christmas decorations?	Number
How much does the President get paid?	Number
How many died when the Estonia sank in 1994?	Number
When is Ukrainian Christmas?	Number
In what year did Hitler gain power in Germany?	Number
What is Dick Clark's birth date?	Number
What is an example of a case using the Fourteenth Amendment?	Description
What is the origin of head lice?	Description
What is a gandy dancer?	Description
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michigan say "eh"?	Description
Fun things to do in Cozumel, Mexico for teenagers?	Description
What is a hyperlink?	Description
How does an abacus work?	Description
What is Archimedes famous for?	Description
How do you clean tarnished brass?	Description
What makes thunder?	Description
What is a phalanx?	Description
What is a pyrotechnic display?	Description
What is June's birthstone?	Description
How can I stop or slow aging?	Description
What causes tuberculosis?	Description
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy?	Description
Why are eggs stored small end down?	Description
How can you contact play producers and promoters online?	Description
What were the first words in a film soundtrack?	Description
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated?	Description
What is Tyvek?	Description
What is diabetes?	Description
How did serfdom develop and leave Russia?	Description
Why must a woman be a virgin to be a nun?	Description
How do cameras take pictures?	Description
What is Jane Goodall known for?	Description
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator?	Description
What is the origin of "pallbearer"?	Description
What is an arab strap?	Description
What is swap math?	Description
What is cosmology?	Description
How do I know if I'm jealous of someone?	Description
What is the definition of the Scrabble word `syzygy'?	Description
How can someone become a federal agent?	Description
What does palindromic mean?	Description
Where did the term "69" come from?	Description
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem?	Description
What is home banking?	Description
How did the U.S. come into possession of an empire after the Spanish-American War?	Description
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for others?	Description
What is a nematode?	Description
How can I get someone's phone number if I only have their screen name?	Description
What is tumbled marble?	Description
What was the first Funk 'N Lata Brazilian group's success?	Description
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition?	Description
Why was Washington, DC originally called the District of Columbia?	Description
What are alveoli?	Description
What is Amish religion?	Description
What is the historical relationship of the Catholic Church and bingo?	Description
What happens to used motor oil?	Description
In Waugh's "A Handful of Dust," what does the mad man force the hero to do every afternoon?	Description
What are the distinct physical characteristics of the Arabian horse?	Description
What does Robert mean?	Description
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeats' poem, "The Three Hermits?"	Description
Why are organ transplants more successful today?	Description
How is plastic made?	Description
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK?	Description
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue?	Description
What is the nature of learning?	Description
What are people doing to help prevent bird extinction?	Description
What does the name "Anthony" mean?	Description
What is the difference between median and mean?	Description
What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart, and Howard K. Smith have in common?	Description
What is cache memory?	Description
What is a urologist?	Description
How do anti-lock brakes work?	Description
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases?	Description
What does the term glory hole mean?	Description
What is the origin of the word, JJ?	Description
Where did the term "86" come from?	Description
Why do girls wear bras?	Description
What information can you get on Fairground Park in St. Louis?	Description
What does the term "yield to maturity" mean in reference to bonds?	Description
What is an auberge in France?	Description
What is saltpeter?	Description
What is a wop?	Description
What happened in Dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered?	Description
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors?	Description
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8?	Description
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a reaction?	Description
What is a geoscientist?	Description
What happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company?	Description
What is the biblical meaning of 'stones'?	Description
What's the origin of the word `news'?	Description
Why does a wheel, like a tire, appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down?	Description
What does the name Shawn mean?	Description
What are amaretto biscuits?	Description
What is Remembrance Day?	Description
What is typhoid fever?	Description
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the number?	Description
What is the spectrum of a sine wave?	Description
Why are ears your center of balance?	Description
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness?	Description
How do you determine if a monitor has an SVGA adapter?	Description
What causes pneumonia?	Description
What was the importance of Magellan?	Description
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939?	Description
Why is it called "hamburger" if there's no ham?	Description
What are Fortune 500 companies?	Description
What do you need to marry someone in jail?	Description
How is `qigong' pronounced?	Description
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo?	Description
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet?	Description
What is powerful about Power Bars?	Description
What does verdandi mean?	Description
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock bottle mean?	Description
How does a submarine operate?	Description
How do I know how much to save for retirement?	Description
Define Spumante.	Description
How do I contact Answers.com directly?	Description
What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's contributions to English literature?	Description
What is the origin of the atom?	Description
What is the origin of thank you notes?	Description
What is a transistor?	Description
What is an ecological niche?	Description
What's the rathaus in Frankfurt?	Description
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes?	Description
What characteristics contribute to its intelligence?	Description
What are Cobol, Fortran, and Pascal?	Description
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Watergate committee?	Description
How is silk screening done?	Description
Why do light bulbs burn out?	Description
Why do you say "God bless you" when people sneeze?	Description
Why are haunted houses popular?	Description
What is hypertext?	Description
What is a turnkey contract?	Description
What is a First World country?	Description
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to 'wave' or 'pulse'?	Description
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles?	Description
What effects do nitrates have on the environment?	Description
What is paracetamol?	Description
What is Betsy Ross famous for?	Description
What is a person's socioeconomic position?	Description
What is gymnophobia?	Description
What is hypertension?	Description
Why were red M&Ms discontinued and then brought back?	Description
What is Olestra?	Description
What is an isthmus?	Description
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Entity
What is a fear of hell?	Entity
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers?	Entity
What are some good exercises for kids?	Entity
What is the only vegetable that starts with "z"?	Entity
What's the dumbest domesticated animal?	Entity
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in?	Entity
What disease is Sinemet used to treat?	Entity
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games?	Entity
Which Tolkien book features Gimli as a character?	Entity
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France?	Entity
Name a mammal.	Entity
What's bottled in jeroboams?	Entity
What is "the taste that beats others cold"?	Entity
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake?	Entity
What was the species of Winnie Pooh?	Entity
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24, 1975?	Entity
What species was Pooh?	Entity
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper.	Entity
What is "the great American cereal"?	Entity
What does a farrier put shoes on?	Entity
What were ceremony traditions like during Elizabethan times?	Entity
Which product said `` hate gray, wash it away ''?	Entity
What's the most common non-contagious disease in the world?	Entity
What foods contain vitamin B12?	Entity
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil's possession by the devil?	Entity
What are ways to measure IT User Satisfaction?	Entity
What is the best-selling book of all time?	Entity
What do flatfish eat?	Entity
What was the name of Betty Boop's dog?	Entity
What magic does Mandrake use?	Entity
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow for the birth of her seventh child in 1853?	Entity
What's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid?	Entity
What are some of Australia's native flora?	Entity
What did Martin Luther post on the door at Wittenberg?	Entity
What is the most popular sports car color?	Entity
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12?	Entity
What kind of animal is Babar?	Entity
What device produces visual displays corresponding to signals?	Entity
What hair color can I use to cover gray?	Entity
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from?	Entity
Which comic strip was never adapted into a Broadway musical?	Entity
What is the name of the second shuttle?	Entity
What file has the .dbf extension?	Entity
What are the seven wonders of the world?	Entity
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu, meaning cover fire?	Entity
What was the first English play for children?	Entity
What is the most used program?	Entity
What are the types of plastic?	Entity
What product's ads claim it "eliminates odors, kills germs, mold, and mildew"?	Entity
What language is spoken by the Sioux?	Entity
What is the best-selling cookie?	Entity
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the Jung factory in Los Angeles?	Entity
What weapon fires a bolt?	Entity
What must be produced in a habeas corpus?	Entity
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word?	Entity
Which mammal lives, breeds, eats, and sleeps underground?	Entity
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor, causing the Spanish-American War?	Entity
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another?	Entity
What is April's gemstone?	Entity
Which racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century?	Entity
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting showing two hands touching?	Entity
