What TV station did Mary Richards work for professionally in her television career?	Entity
Which animal, in general, produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a small mouse?	Entity
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay historically and politically known as prominent figures?	Entity
What format was VHS's main competition in the market?	Entity
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with specifically?	Entity
What classic film film ends with the line: `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine ''?	Entity
Which particular mosquito's painful bite draws fresh warm blood, and DT NN CC DT NN.	Entity
What is the correct way to properly use the words `` may '' vs. `` might '' in English?	Entity
What tale has the important moral: `` He who wants everything in life gets nothing ''?	Entity
What is a word whose letters can be easily rearranged to form a different word quickly and efficiently?	Entity
What popular soft drink actually not only has its own interesting video game, but was also featured in its own unique Marvel comic book?	Entity
What specific car race is 1, 137 miles long in total distance?	Entity
What is one of the beautiful native languages spoken by the Sioux people called?	Entity
What do the French people commonly call the La Manche coastal region?	Entity
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the popular pulp magazines ?	Entity
What were the historical war crime trials called which followed World War II?	Entity
What does a phobophobe fear deeply in life, specifically?	Entity
What is the specific name of a language traditionally spoken by the Sioux indigenous people?	Entity
What is the green variety of beryl commonly called?	Entity
What specific historical war was famously fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines?	Entity
Aspartame is commonly known by what other name exactly, specifically, and also informally?	Entity
What is the name of the American literary era that includes the specific year 1896?	Entity
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in modern China ?	Entity
What is a common fear of motion sickness?	Entity
What iconic music album famously put The Beatles on the cover of Time magazine in 1967?	Entity
What book opens : `` At a certain small and quiet, peaceful village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?	Entity
What is it that slowly walks on four legs, then on two human legs, and then on three legs?	Entity
What two body parts grow all your life continuously and slowly?	Entity
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler, really, in simple essence?	Entity
Which is actually a true real berry: blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, and strawberry?	Entity
What kind of a competitive athletic collegiate sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers exactly?	Entity
What sport features agile slotbacks, speedy tailbacks, and various exciting touchbacks in play?	Entity
What does the term `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean exactly?	Expression
What does G.M.T. stand for exactly and precisely, in detail?	Expression
What is the commonly used abbreviation for the explosive compound trinitrotoluene?	Expression
What is LMDS advanced communication technology?	Expression
What does U.S.S.R. stand for in modern history?	Expression
What is the official acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation federal agency currently?	Expression
What does IBM actually stand for exactly?	Expression
What does e.g. stand for in common language usage today?	Expression
What is a `` USB '' port on a specific computer device used for?	Expression
Who currently officially resides at 24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa, Canada?	Human
Who was the famous lyricist and who was the musical composer between Gilbert and Sullivan?	Human
Who joyfully declared with a cheerful smile: `` I think I 'll go out and milk the wild elk '' ?	Human
Name the famous Marvel superhero team loosely based on DC's Justice League of America?	Human
Who is the renowned author of the notable book, `` The Iron Lady : A Comprehensive Biography of Margaret Thatcher ''?	Human
What famous director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953's Stalag 17?	Human
Who famously played the part of the iconic Godfather movie character in the film, ` The Godfather ' ?	Human
What 4-foot-9 talented young actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex?	Human
Who was the famous renowned landscape architect of Central Park design?	Human
What company initially started out making delicious sweet fruit pies, and wound up surprisingly manufacturing colorful plastic throwing toys?	Human
Whose detailed biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star?	Human
Who was historically the highly revered prophet of the Muslim people?	Human
What important historical role did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper industry in America?	Human
What famous comic strip character sadly died tragically of severe acne?	Human
Whose old cupboard was very bare today?	Human
Name a highly talented female figure skater athlete.	Human
Who was the notable historical American figure William Henry Harrison ?	Human
What is `` the innovative airline specifically built for busy professional travelers '' ?	Human
What President once kindly told Gene Autry: `` Please give my warm regards to your lovely wife Dale '' ?	Human
What Chilean president was tragically killed in a violent and brutal 1973 coup d'etat event?	Human
Name the park Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear relentlessly.	Human
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist famously ran for the mayor of New York City?	Human
What is comic strip photographer Peter Parker's secret hidden identity really truly?	Human
Who is the famous actress Bette Davis once famously said she wished she looked like her?	Human
Who famously starred in the classic film Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun film?	Human
What American racing driver notably won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978?	Human
Who kept the most famous personal diary in the entire English language history?	Human
Who directed the famous classic movie `` Jaws '' originally?	Human
What specific businesses in Alaska were significantly affected by the devastating Exxon Valdez oil spill incident?	Human
Who led the strong and notable political opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in West Germany?	Human
Who boldly claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ever in recorded history?	Human
What suburban housewife and devoted mother of three young children wrote The Feminine Mystique book?	Human
What college produced the most successful winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ever?	Human
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University recently?	Human
What famous artist painter popularized iconic soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes?	Human
What school does Tom attend in the classic book Tom Brown's School Days?	Human
Who reports the current local weather updates on the popular `` Good Morning America '' television show?	Human
Who exactly famously asked the musical question: `` Have you ever been to the electric lady land? ''	Human
What is the best possible Internet business opportunity to go into overall?	Human
Who was the ancient Greek historian Thucydides known for?	Human
What specific organization did Mr. Waverly assign various important secret agents for?	Human
Who is the director and also the editor of the popular movie Big starring Tom Hanks?	Human
Who was the newly elected President of Costa Rica in the year 1994?	Human
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate in American modern history?	Human
Who exactly started the popular and successful Dominos Pizza restaurant chain?	Human
What is the full official name of the Miss India 1994 beauty event?	Human
Who plays the tough cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	Human
Who is widely considered to be The First Lady of the American Stage?	Human
What famous singer became deeply despondent over the tragic and untimely death of Freddie Prinze, quit show business, and then also quit the entire business?	Human
Who did Dita Beard work for exactly?	Human
Who is Karenna Gore, Al Gore's oldest daughter, currently married to now in life?	Human
Who creatively painted the famous and iconic `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' artwork?	Human
Who exactly runs Andy Capp's favorite local cozy pub, then?	Human
Who was the first famous Russian astronaut to boldly walk in outer space ever?	Human
Name the infamous scar-faced bounty hunter of the rugged and harsh Old West era.	Human
What is the name of Popeye's adopted son, exactly?	Human
Name the two famous actress daughters of the legendary actor John Mills.	Human
Whom does Uncle Duke's girl friend, Honey, share a small room with?	Human
Who exactly gave King Arthur the famous legendary round table of legend?	Human
Name a popular rock band which was famous in the 1960's music era.	Human
What was the name of the famous cook character on the classic Rawhide series?	Human
What university specifically and recently fired Angela Davis?	Human
Woodrow Wilson served as president of which prestigious academic university institution?	Human
Who is currently the elected mayor of Marbella city, Spain?	Human
Who exactly first invented the classic game of bowling?	Human
Where is Amsterdam located exactly in beautiful Europe?	Location
What New England state surprisingly carries the unusual telephone area code 27?	Location
What vast and beautiful ocean surrounds the stunning Madeira Islands?	Location
Where did the real historical figure St. Nicholas actually live exactly?	Location
What is the name of the lush green forested planet that the Ewoks live on?	Location
What U.S. city specifically known for its skyline famously boasts the iconic Gateway Arch landmark?	Location
What is truly worth seeing in beautiful historic Reims?	Location
Where can I look at a helpful and useful online perpetual calendar tool?	Location
What neighboring bordering country is located directly due north of Costa Rica?	Location
What are the five most expensive cities in the entire world ?	Location
Where exactly are the historic famous Union Stockyards located?	Location
Where is there additional, useful, and relevant information on the novel `` El Cid '' available?	Location
What various beautiful tropical islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?	Location
What country is widely famous for beautiful, exquisite, traditional Persian rugs?	Location
What famous Kenyan city is the popular wildlife safari adventure center for East Africa?	Location
Where is the famous Keck telescope actually located in Hawaii?	Location
What country was Adolf Hitler the chancellor of Germany during the time?	Location
Where can I find some clear pictorial directions on how to safely build a very simple and secure treehouse securely?	Location
What countries have the best overall math students in general?	Location
What specific constellation contains the famous twin stars Castor and also Pollux?	Location
What famous South American city features the exclusive and beautiful Copacabana Beach and Ipanema beach as well?	Location
Where can I read more specifically about Chiang Kai-shek in detail specifically?	Location
Where can I conveniently, reliably, and easily get information and relevant statistics on countries and nations?	Location
What country is the eerie, gloomy, and dark setting for Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum?	Location
What country did the Allied forces specifically invade during World War II's Operation Avalanche?	Location
What European country ultimately abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their actual face value?	Location
Where did the renowned Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, a notable and famous Prussian born explorer, go to school exactly?	Location
Where have the most significant and notable dinosaur remains been found recently and globally?	Location
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now currently ongoing today?	Location
Where can I find an Ask An Expert online help site?	Location
What beautiful and vibrant Caribbean island is located northeast of Trinidad?	Location
What North American city would you likely visit to see Cleopatra's ancient historical granite Needle?	Location
What state has the most Indians living?	Location
What country will likely hit the year 2 first?	Location
What specific mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog originally historically native to?	Location
What is the current capital city of California, please, kindly?	Location
Where was the famous phrase `` I have fallen down, and I can 't get up '' said first ever in history?	Location
What populous state, specifically, currently covers a total of 49,576 square miles?	Location
What city is the main kickoff point for all major climbs of Mount Everest?	Location
What is the world 's highest natural mountain peak located?	Location
Where are the global corporate headquarters of Eli Lilly located?	Location
What is the largest U.S. state geographically located east of the famous Mississippi River?	Location
What specific geographic state is the famous Niagara Falls located in, exactly?	Location
What specific river is Pocahontas buried along near in Virginia?	Location
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was officially discovered in recorded human history?	Location
What is the common nickname for the state of Mississippi?	Location
What two neighboring countries share the historic and famous Khyber Pass region?	Location
Where does most of the illegal marijuana entering the United States actually come from, exactly, in detail?	Location
What mountain range is uniquely traversed by the highest railroad in the entire world ever?	Location
What specific southeast Asian country has the Wang River uniquely joining the Ping River at Tak city location?	Location
What country was Erich Honecker the prominent political leader of during the Cold War era?	Location
Where are precious valuable and rare diamonds mined globally?	Location
What river is Windsor Castle located near in England?	Location
Which specific area consistently produces the least acidic coffee overall in general?	Location
What North American city typically sprouts the most public parking meters, I wonder?	Location
Where does the famous opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from exactly in detailed origin?	Location
What canal does the historic and iconic Thatcher Ferry Bridge span over exactly?	Location
What is the greatest hiking Web site resource?	Location
What beautiful and vibrant Scandinavian capital is built on nine picturesque bridge-connected islands?	Location
Where in the Bible does it specifically tell us about Jesus Christ's brothers and sisters?	Location
What were the first known celestial bodies ever visited by spacecraft in history?	Location
What is the best place to live in the world, considering climate, civilization, and diverse culture as well?	Location
What continent's name appears on the upper left corner of a classic Budweiser beer label?	Location
Where did the recent 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts specifically take place recently?	Location
What beautiful country would you visit to ski in the truly stunning Dolomites region?	Location
What is George Lucas's personal and private e-mail address, please, if possible?	Location
What country was the first to use the innovative military airplane as a powerful weapon of war, against the Turks in Libya?	Location
What is the largest county in overall land size in Massachusetts?	Location
Which continent has the most beautiful, stunning, and vibrant roses overall?	Location
What is the world's largest famous historic cathedral building?	Location
Tell me what specific city the famous Kentucky Horse Park is located near?	Location
Where is the main campus of Webster University located?	Location
Where is modern-day Burma geographically located in Asia?	Location
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 during his very long rule?	Location
Where did Sarge Steel get his new advanced metal robotic hand device?	Location
What famed river was the famous explorer Hernando de Soto actually the first European to see in recorded history?	Location
Which one of the five Great Lakes is entirely located within U.S. national territory?	Location
Where can I find a full and complete written draft of the CTBT document?	Location
Where did Gulliver find a strange race of tiny little people living?	Location
What typically erupts every single hour at beautiful Yellowstone National Park?	Location
Where is the famous Kentucky Horse Park specifically located?	Location
When was the impressive and massive Hoover Dam grandly constructed exactly?	Number
How old was the famous singer Stevie Wonder when he originally signed with Motown Records?	Number
What was Joe Namath's very first contract worth in total overall?	Number
How many calories are there in regular soy sauce overall in total?	Number
CNN began broadcasting in which specific exact year exactly?	Number
How many total people currently living in Tucson, Arizona, today?	Number
How many different unique names are there for Eskimo people in total?	Number
What is the total overall horsepower of the space shuttle boosters specifically?	Number
What was the very first historic federal minimum wage law?	Number
How much folic acid should an expectant mother typically get daily on average?	Number
What are the current unemployment statistics for the specific years 1965 and 1990?	Number
How many total votes in Congress actually dissented from the historic and important 1941 declaration of war with Japan?	Number
When was Yemen officially reunified in modern history?	Number
How many small bones are there in the human hand specifically?	Number
How much caffeine is typically found in a standard 16 oz cup of brewed coffee today?	Number
When did the famous Mount Vesuvius last erupt exactly?	Number
How many men tragically and sadly died while building the Mackinaw Bridge?	Number
How old was the famous film critic Gene Siskel ?	Number
How many inches typically apart are the adjacent bowling pins in tenpin bowling?	Number
How many standard teaspoons actually make up a single tablespoon measurement?	Number
How many bright and prominent stars are there in the famous Big Dipper constellation?	Number
How many different unique varieties of fresh apple are there in total?	Number
How fast is a 45Mhz processor actually operating in general?	Number
How big is the vast universe actually?	Number
How old is the famous, renowned, and talented Bernadette Peters now?	Number
What is the exact total weight of a teaspoon of ordinary matter in a black hole?	Number
The iconic film `` Jaws '' was made in what year exactly?	Number
How many times was pitcher Warren Spahn a remarkable 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons?	Number
How big is a normal average size adult male penis for a 15-year-old boy?	Number
How long do you have to legally live in a specific local community to vote accurately?	Number
How long does it typically take for your blood to make one complete trip through the entire body system?	Number
When did the beautiful and traditional art of quilting begin exactly?	Number
What is the current American dollar equivalent for 8 British pounds in the U.K. today, please?	Number
What is Columbia Tristar's customer service phone number, please?	Number
How many total colored squares are there on a standard classic Rubik's Cube puzzle?	Number
When did CNN first officially begin broadcasting?	Number
What is the actual measured horsepower value of the shuttle boosters used?	Number
When did Spain and Korea officially start formal ambassadorial relations?	Number
How long did it actually take Stanley to finally find the famous Livingstone?	Number
When exactly did Princess Diana and Prince Charles famously get married together?	Number
How many total acres are in a mile of open flat land?	Number
How many standard playing cards are typically dealt to each player in the Gin Rummy game?	Number
When do you typically plant winter wheat crop seeds in the field?	Number
How many cubic feet of total space does a gallon of fresh water occupy in total?	Number
When did Rococo painting and artistic architecture notably flourish significantly in history?	Number
What was the exact date of Iraq's sudden invasion of Kuwait?	Number
How many active mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended?	Number
What are the chances of potential unwanted pregnancy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina at all?	Number
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore some order and distribute crucial humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992?	Number
When exactly was the famous John D. Rockefeller born, precisely, in history?	Number
How big is the beautiful and renowned Chappellet vineyard actually located?	Number
How many total websites are there in the world currently?	Number
What enchanting season is the beautiful magical setting for Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream?	Number
How many Beatles' iconic music records actually went #1 in history overall?	Number
How many equal angles are there in a standard isosceles triangle structure?	Number
How many total people does Honda currently employ in the U.S. today in 2023?	Number
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost in total?	Number
How many professional match referees usually work a typical soccer game?	Number
How many large natural lakes are there on the Earth in total overall?	Number
What is the average total overall cost for four years of medical school tuition expenses?	Number
How many quarts of whole fresh milk are typically needed to make one single pound of creamy butter?	Number
What is the current exchange rate for Australian to American money today, please kindly?	Number
How many questions do you currently have on your complex and extensive database system?	Number
What is the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade in general general terms?	Number
How much can a person potentially be fined for having a pet dog on a busy beach area?	Number
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its final last studio album ever?	Number
How many American soldiers still remain unaccounted for from the Vietnam war conflict today?	Number
How many years make up a complete lustrum period of time?	Number
How much did a typical McDonald's hamburger cost in 1963?	Number
How many total members of a large extended family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II?	Number
When was Calypso music originally creatively and uniquely invented?	Number
What is the average time it typically takes a skilled typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long in total?	Number
How old is too old for a young child to not be talking yet anymore?	Number
In what specific year was De Gaulle elected as president of France?	Number
How many thousands of diverse, curious and eager students attend the University of Massachusetts overall?	Number
When did the Carolingian historical period begin?	Number
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant major volcanic eruption event?	Number
Independent silversmith's account for what percentage of total global silver production overall?	Number
How many American soldiers have tragically died for their great country to date overall?	Number
When exactly was the NFL officially established in history?	Number
When does the Bible specifically say when the seasons started exactly?	Number
What month did the famous ship Edmund Fitzgerald tragically sink in, exactly?	Number
When exactly was Berlin's iconic historical Brandenburg gate originally erected?	Number
How big is our galaxy in total overall diameter across?	Number
How many months does a typical normal human pregnancy usually last overall in total?	Number
How long do wild hermit crabs typically live in nature overall?	Number
How many distinct unique varieties of identical twins are there in total?	Number
How long do beautiful cardinal bird eggs incubate in total, usually?	Number
How many people regularly watch various popular network television shows?	Number
When was Hurricane Hugo exactly, please?	Number
In what specific year exactly was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on metal cans obtained?	Number
When is the Sun closest to the Earth, specifically in its elliptical orbit?	Number
When did the original classic Howdy Doody television show go off the air exactly, please?	Number
When exactly was the famous and legendary Dick Clark born, please?	Number
What exact specific date is Boxing Day, exactly?	Number
When exactly was Beethoven famously born, I truly wonder?	Number
How often are brain cells typically and usually replaced?	Number
When exactly was Christ born in history?	Number
What current geological time period do we live in today currently?	Number
Of children between the ages of two and eleven years, what percentage of them typically watch the popular "The Simpsons" show?	Number
What is the ideal temperature for safely cooking food?	Number
What was the specific target rate for M3 money overall growth in 1992 overall?	Number
When exactly was the famous baseball player Babe Ruth born?	Number
How old is the very bright sun shining today?	Number
When did the vast and ancient supercontinent Pangaea gradually break up over time?	Number
How many total characters actually makes up a single word for typing test purposes?	Number
What is Dick Clark's actual birthday date today?	Number
How long does it typically take for the moon to slowly revolve around the Earth exactly?	Number
How many letters exactly appear with the specific numbers 2 to 9 on a standard telephone dial device?	Number
When did Gothic art and remarkable architecture notably flourish?	Number
How many strong and capable dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod race?	Number
What large amount of illegal funds and money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos illegally steal from the treasury?	Number
About how many soldiers tragically and unfortunately died in World War II overall?	Number
What does Elysium actually mean in general?	Description
Why did the famous historic Globe Theatre tragically burn down suddenly?	Description
How does the long tail affect the smooth and steady flight of a colorful kite?	Description
How can anyone clearly tell if a female had recent sexual intercourse recently or not?	Description
What is cunnilingus exactly in great detail?	Description
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate compound commonly used for?	Description
How can I easily and effectively trace my family ancestry roots effectively?	Description
What is "cat scratch fever" exactly, really, in detail?	Description
What is the interesting historical background history of the hairdryer device?	Description
What significant historical event happened in the Long March military event?	Description
What was the final legal verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?	Description
What is chromatology, precisely, exactly?	Description
What is the notable difference between microprocessors and microcontrollers in modern electronics?	Description
What baseball expression interestingly came from the nautical term for large ships sailing between the vast Atlantic and Pacific oceans before the Panama Canal?	Description
Why are these majestic lions commonly called the `` King of the Jungle '' ?	Description
What common possible causes canker sores in the human mouth?	Description
What are the large, well-known Fortune 500 companies that exist?	Description
What is the interesting cultural origin of the term `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it, exactly?	Description
What will a simple magnetic compass do in outer space?	Description
What is the basic financial swap math concept?	Description
What is Compaq 's overall corporate mission statement, exactly?	Description
How is the element strontium effectively and thoroughly purified with precision?	Description
What is a `` repeating voter '' in elections?	Description
Why did several San Diego public schools remove fresh organic apples from students' lunch menus?	Description
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a truly devout Catholic nun?	Description
What is the English meaning of the word caliente in general context?	Description
What are some important fundamental key children 's rights ?	Description
What is osmosis exactly in the study of biology?	Description
How does a large, thick ice glacier form exactly?	Description
What is saltpeter exactly in nature, specifically?	Description
What do you specifically need to do to legally marry someone who is in jail?	Description
What is the modern global e-commerce industry?	Description
What is deadrise in nautical maritime terminology, exactly?	Description
What is a truly unique and distinct Mexican hairless dog breed?	Description
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn specifically?	Description
How does a large modern and efficient hydroelectric dam work effectively?	Description
What is the advanced AIM-54C Phoenix missile defense system?	Description
What are the seven classic deadly sins in human history?	Description
What was the historic Long March event in modern China?	Description
How can you clearly define abstract conceptual time?	Description
What are bear and bull markets in finance, generally speaking?	Description
How does Belle vividly describe her daily life in Beauty and the Beast?	Description
What is the interesting historical and cultural origin of the word , JJ .	Description
Why do many pharmacists specifically work on raised floors in large pharmacies?	Description
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking behavior patterns?	Description
Why do many people often shake hands to show genuine friendliness and mutual respect?	Description
What is Franz Kafka's short story "A Country Doctor" really trying to ultimately tell us?	Description
How do you accurately do a complete and thorough bibliography page correctly?	Description
What is the biblical meaning of the ` stones ' in ancient sacred scripture?	Description
What is the general Toulmin logic concept?	Description
Why do many modern airliners sometimes crash vs. gliding down safely?	Description
What else has the ancient swastika symbol historically stood for in various cultures?	Description
How come some ordinary light bulbs suddenly go out unexpectedly?	Description
How did the various months of the year get their interesting name origins?	Description
Why is the universe flat, if it started by an explosive cosmic event, shouldn 't it be a sphere shape?	Description
What is paracetamol actually, really, and truly?	Description
How do you effectively get rid of those pesky and annoying woodpeckers?	Description
How do I easily tie a necktie properly and correctly?	Description
How do they carefully find or choose specific qualified witnesses to an execution event?	Description
How do you find out what is generally allowed to legally claim as a valid contribution for income tax purposes effectively?	Description
Where did the term `` 86 '' actually originate from in history?	Description
How does a simple and effective ancient abacus work effectively?	Description
What are the medical purposes of surgical "clitoridectomy" surgical procedure?	Description
What is molybdenum metal exactly?	Description
What is the overall general design concept of the ship Titanic?	Description
How does the speed of the magnet spins in a typical electric generator affect the overall output of the generator?	Description
What is specifically meant by blood SED rate measurement?	Description
What is the main difference between a fruit and a vegetable in general?	Description
What can I possibly do to effectively and successfully get into an Ivy League school successfully?	Description
What is digitalis exactly used for?	Description
Why did David Koresh specifically ask the FBI for a new advanced word processor device?	Description
What is the central cultural vibrant Hub of London city?	Description
Shea and Gould unexpectedly closed their Los Angeles office for what specific reason exactly, exactly?	Description
How do you throw a truly fun housewarming party event?	Description
How does a small local businessman efficiently contact the popular Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them effectively?	Description
What are the major key important differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions overall?	Description
What is Butterfield 8 located in Butterfield 8 specifically, in detail?	Description
How do you carefully and thoughtfully select various wine options?	Description
What is white chocolate really like in taste?	Description
What is the fascinating and diverse rich history of skateboarding culture?	Description
What happened during the significant historical Blackhawk Indian war conflict of 1832?	Description
How do you effectively and properly fix annoying squeaky floors ?	Description
Define Sinn Fein political party in Ireland historically.	Description
How can I easily get some useful and relevant free technical information on Electric Vehicle systems?	Description
What is the historical origin of the U.S. Army sergeant's stripes insignia design?	Description
Where did the traditional cultural wedding marriage ceremony come from?	Description
What is dietary fiber in various food sources?	Description
What makes delicious, juicy hamburgers taste like steakburgers exactly, I wonder?	Description
What is Jane Goodall famously known for in the important field of primatology?	Description
What is a highly skilled and experienced urologist doctor?	Description
Where did the common saying `` rule of thumb '' come from exactly?	Description
What was Suzy Parker doing exactly to earn the impressive sum of $1,000 in the early 1950's?	Description
Why do the chickenpox symptoms last so unusually long during this time period?	Description
Why is Thanksgiving traditionally celebrated on a Thursday?	Description
What is the fascinating historical origin of the tiny atom in modern science?	Description
How does rabies commonly spread in various natural environments?	Description
What was a Mae West device on a World War II battleship ?	Description
How do you easily and quickly buy popular stocks online?	Description
What is the official Olympic motto slogan phrase?	Description
How is Easter Sunday’s specific date determined exactly and precisely each year?	Description
What does the specific term storm wave mean in Japanese exactly in detail?	Description
How did the iconic bikini bathing suit actually get its unique name?	Description
What should you loudly and clearly yell out to hail a taxi in Madrid city center?	Description
What do pointed letters typically mean to a handwriting analyst in general, overall?	Description
What does it really mean when the "Rupee Depreciates" in overall value?	Description
How do they effectively and securely get Teflon coating to stick firmly to the pan?	Description
How does the quaint Cos Cob, CT get its unique and interesting name?	Description
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon red wine variety?	Description
How can I easily look up someone's personal E-mail address on the Internet online?	Description
How is silk screening actually done in the overall printing process?	Description
What is modern office automation technology today?	Description
What is the specific exact purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard exactly?	Description
What is a sudden gas release event in natural nature?	Description
Where did the name root beer beverage drink originate from?	Description
What is the true and deeper meaning of Jesus?	Description
How do I properly install a beautiful, elegant tile floor correctly?	Description
What is Candlemas Day, exactly, in great detail?	Description
How is a hydrogen bomb fundamentally different from a traditional nuclear explosive bomb?	Description
What exactly happened to the Pepsi Clear drink product?	Description
How is clean, safe, and pure water treated to make it safe and healthy to drink?	Description
What significant economic problems contributed to the high failure rate of many struggling rural Plains farmers in the 1800s?	Description
What 's a cozy little charming auberge in beautiful France?	Description
What is Plc exactly in detail?	Description
What is the local independent filmmakers collaborative group?	Description
What are large boxcars commonly used for in transportation?	Description
What is literary criticism exactly, truly really?	Description
What is the historical and ancient true origin of the word Ozymandias?	Description
What is the historical origin of the popular name Katie historically?	Description
How do I find detailed and specific info about rice importers in the vast global market world?	Description
What is the complex and ongoing political Kashmir issue?	Description
What do you usually do when your computer mouse is not working as fast as it is supposed to operate effectively?	Description
What is a tonne weight measurement exactly?	Description
How can I find a comprehensive list of contact, fax and or email, addresses for various human resource departments in Massachusetts?	Description
What does the ancient Greek word polis actually mean, as in the Minneapolis city area?	Description
How was the incredibly wealthy Kennedy family money made?	Description
How come a classic sweet delicious doughnut has a hole in it, exactly?	Description
What do bee hives specifically do in various different cranberry bogs?	Description
How do ants typically have reproductive mating sex in nature?	Description
What is the only modern language that notably capitalizes its unique singular first-person pronoun specifically?	Entity
What fine and rare whisky is well `` known by the company it often keeps '' ?	Entity
What specific disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific diagnostic test for in 196 ?	Entity
What war conflict saw notable battles at Parrot's Beak and the important Black Virgin site?	Entity
Name a specific product that effectively controls the natural ripening of apples.	Entity
What is the smallest thing ever clearly seen under the most powerful optical microscope, and how big is it really?	Entity
What is `` the bear of many delicious beers '' ?	Entity
What popular computer operating system is currently on the most personal computers worldwide?	Entity
What are the 7 important key articles of the constitution document?	Entity
What film famous canine dog is famously buried in the Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	Entity
What is the name of a very famous golf course in the Myrtle Beach area?	Entity
A corgi is a kind of small dog breed what?	Entity
What is a specific fear of loud thunder?	Entity
What letter typically appears on the cold-water tap in Spain usually often?	Entity
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value in typical casino card games?	Entity
What specific ability has the domesticated silkworm moth lost through extensive domestication over time?	Entity
In what specific classic book can I find the famous story of Aladdin?	Entity
What popular song actually put James Taylor in the overall limelight?	Entity
What does Visine get out of it?	Entity
What is a specific common fear of many children?	Entity
What does saliva mainly consist of in general?	Entity
What is kept securely and safely in Fort Knox that is so extremely valuable and precious?	Entity
What are two common plants, often widely used, that clothing items are made from?	Entity
What social class is typically categorized as the bourgeoisie middle working class?	Entity
What common livestock animals have the greatest overall variety of unique breeds?	Entity
What is a common fear of night or darkness ?	Entity
What does a chef coddle delicious eggs in ?	Entity
What specific kind of education and specialized training do I need to become a flight attendant?	Entity
What was the name of the ancient ball game sport played by the ancient mayans?	Entity
What stylish blue overalls are named for Dungri, a suburb of Bombay?	Entity
Who were John F. Kennedy's beloved family dogs and pets?	Entity
What neutral color is `` ash '' in a soft and muted shade?	Entity
Which two specific popular products use a fierce tiger as their iconic symbol?	Entity
What does a topophobic actor truly deeply suffer from, in this specific case?	Entity
What is the specific medical procedure called for drilling a precise hole in your skull to achieve a higher level of consciousness?	Entity
What is the correct way to properly use the term `` may '' vs. `` might '' in English language?	Entity
What was the name of the famous advanced supercomputer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?	Entity
What five-time winner of the prestigious Kentucky Derby sadly lost his first 25 total races in total?	Entity
What ancient weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with in many ancient tales?	Entity
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each specific month of the ancient Roman calendar called?	Entity
What wine's typically bottled in jeroboams ?	Entity
What color of dry red wine should be ideally served with veal roasts and delicious chops?	Entity
What are the specific traditional cultural rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in Judaism called?	Entity
What diverse and unique plants are found in an estuary habitat?	Entity
What is the best way to conveniently and easily travel in beautiful Japan?	Entity
What is the lovely green beautiful variety of beryl called in geology?	Entity
What fun classic outdoor hide-and-seek game is played around a rusty old tin can outdoors?	Entity
What do skilled and professional chefs expertly call The Master Spice in cooking?	Entity
What fun product features a small green frog that says `` dig 'em '' in a playful way?	Entity
What new and exciting video games are now currently available for Nintendo 64?	Entity
What popular action film was Jude Law in recently this year?	Entity
What common foods typically contain essential vitamin B12?	Entity
What English word contains the most letters in total overall in this context?	Entity
What kind of iconic electric guitar instrument did Jimi Hendrix play exactly?	Entity
What is widely and commonly used to accurately detect various common birth defects in fetuses?	Entity
Name the specific spaceship vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics universe.	Entity
What was the name of the famous classic television `` Little Rascals '' dog character?	Entity
What daily newspaper will effectively and truly `` help you see clearer across the entire USA '' today?	Entity
What specific musical medium is Stuart Hamblen actually the very first singing cowboy in?	Entity
In the Miller Lite TV commercial, who exactly is the strange creature?	Entity
What famous American Kennedy was married to Ethel Smith?	Entity
In what ancient Egyptian religion was the goddess Isis the nature goddess?	Entity
What George Harrison tune notably sounded a bit too much like He's So Fine by The Chiffons in particular?	Entity
What is a good book to read for people who truly dislike and hate to read often?	Entity
What was the name of Hitler's unsuccessful and notable attempt to forcibly overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923?	Entity
What kind of powerful and effective launch rocket successfully launched the Surveyor robotic spacecraft?	Entity
What is the common general term for a specific group of wild geese birds?	Entity
Where does your hair typically grow the fastest overall?	Entity
What specific bronze alloy do the metals copper and tin commonly form together?	Entity
What has been the tragic ruin of many a poor young boy in New Orleans?	Entity
What two specific animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah's Ark during the flood?	Entity
What specific TV station did Mary Richards work for, exactly?	Entity
What beautiful classic poem contains the lovely line, `` grow old with me the best is yet to be ''?	Entity
What famous and renowned Shakespearean play featured the complex character Shylock prominently?	Entity
What are the common garden snakes typically of New England?	Entity
What neutral colors make up a calm rainbow, exactly?	Entity
What is the best selling computer model ever recorded in modern history?	Entity
What were the significant and notable achievements of Richard Nixon?	Entity
What popular chocolate candy bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often simply called a Milky Way bar with peanuts?	Entity
What is the most famous German word in the English language today, indeed, for many?	Entity
What kind of stylish and tailored suit did true hepcats typically wear in 1942?	Entity
What specific crop failure caused the devastating Irish Potato Famine crisis?	Entity
What is Ray Bradbury's illustrated man illustrated with exactly in vivid detail?	Entity
What does an ashen-faced eidologist diligently search out for the existence of hidden artifacts?	Entity
What beneficial chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body overall in general?	Entity
What is the main basic essential key ingredient of yogurt?	Entity
What do the opposite faces of a standard six-sided die always add up to in total?	Entity
Which is currently the largest clock, diameter wise, in Europe, overall, at this time?	Entity
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled the Tenderness novel?	Entity
What is actual physical paper money made of exactly?	Entity
What is a young, cute infant baby seal called?	Entity
What animal has surprisingly killed the most people overall?	Entity
What did the famous Benny Carter play?	Entity
What is the specific scientific term for a certain organism that lives on or in another host organism?	Entity
What does NAFTA stand for specifically in great detail?	Expression
What does S.O.S. stand for exactly in general?	Expression
What does IOC stand for in general basic terms?	Expression
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington, D.C. city area?	Expression
What is DEET, exactly, scientifically really?	Expression
What is the official acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation federal agency?	Expression
In a computer system, what does SCSI actually mean in detail?	Expression
What is the common industry abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer?	Expression
What does BMW actually stand for exactly in automotive terms?	Expression
Who was the prominent star key witness during the Senate Watergate hearings event?	Human
Who tragically shot and killed himself while carefully painting Wheatfield with Crows?	Human
What suburban housewife and devoted mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique?	Human
What are the first names of the famous comedy duo Rowan and Martin, the iconic stars of TV's Laugh-In show?	Human
Which popular Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of overall sale in the domestic market recently?	Human
What is Michael Jackson's full middle name, exactly, please?	Human
What was the specific business of the talented animated Sky Hawks creative team?	Human
What renowned journalist can possibly be found in and around the beautiful Walden Puddle area?	Human
What popular major Cruise Line does famous Kathie Lee Gifford specifically advertise for?	Human
Who exactly made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history, ever, recently?	Human
Who won the rugby world cup in 2023?	Human
Who was the oldest U.S. president in overall history?	Human
Name the five key official positions who are currently in the direct line of succession to the presidency.	Human
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the famous classic Peanut's comic strip series known?	Human
What was the famous American folk hero John Chapman’s very well-known nickname?	Human
What specific recent appointments of the secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail recently, unexpectedly?	Human
Who is the famous and renowned mathematician who also won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1950?	Human
Who is the prominent and notable South African Desmond Tutu?	Human
Which of the following famous people does not paint at all as a relaxing hobby for enjoyment?	Human
What famous actor first notably portrayed the iconic character of James Bond in film?	Human
Who exactly does systematic data collection in tourism research?	Human
What notable English physician was notably born on January 18, 1779 and went on to create two very important medical inventions?	Human
Who exactly, over time, made Stonehenge, and when?	Human
What specific local radio station did famous Paul Harvey work for exactly?	Human
Who exactly famously wrote The Red Badge of Courage literary novel?	Human
What famous cigar-chewing, witty comedian humorously observed that: `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?	Human
Who skillfully portrayed the iconic character Fatman in the popular television show, `` Jake and the Fatman ''?	Human
Kindly name Dick Tracy's two children, if you please.	Human
What is the exact name of the specific firm that makes delicious sparkling Spumante wine?	Human
Who is the famous and skilled violinist Nicolo Paganini?	Human
Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife, notable Anne Morrow?	Human
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor, who was later fired by Nixon?	Human
What two notable military commanders specifically directed the Allied military forces during the Battle of El Alamein?	Human
Who exactly invented the modern toothbrush hygiene tool?	Human
What famous Argentine boxer tragically was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May?	Human
What famous singing cowboy currently owns the California Angels baseball team now?	Human
What is a person generally called that likes fire and intense heat?	Human
What famous Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953's most promising rising star in Hollywood?	Human
Who directed the very first classic iconic Woody Woodpecker cartoon film?	Human
What actor was the very first man to ever appear on the cover of McCall's magazine?	Human
Who is the sexiest and most attractive women in the world today?	Human
What well-known organization has a prominent international Security Council?	Human
Who was the original author of the classic novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd ''?	Human
Who exactly played the popular character Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show series?	Human
What was the name of the Titanic's famous captain?	Human
Who was the notable defense lawyer who notably represented Randy Steven Craft in court?	Human
What are the only players eligible to score points in the thrilling and exciting sport of Roller Derby called?	Human
Who expertly designed the iconic historical London Bridge?	Human
What distant relative of Leo Tolstoy famously translated War and Peace a total of eight times in total?	Human
What specific indigenous Polynesian people currently inhabit New Zealand today?	Human
Who was the famous Charlie perfume woman beauty icon?	Human
What famous baseball team owner and sailor is widely known as The Mouth of the South region?	Human
Who exactly specifically created Big Ben originally?	Human
What title did the former Miss Suzette Charles assume for a brief two months in 1984?	Human
What well-known Japanese manufacturer is widely recognized for both its high-quality pianos and its popular motorcycles in the industry?	Human
Who was the original inventor of the very popular silly putty toy?	Human
What classic comic of TV's golden age went by the popular motto `` Anything for a good laugh ''?	Human
What is the Viking Prince's first name, exactly, in detail, please?	Human
Who first formally discovered important imaginary numbers in mathematics?	Human
Who exactly originally created the Fantastic Four, Hulk, and also Thor?	Human
What important historical part did John Peter Zenger play in the overall significant development of the newspaper industry in America?	Human
What was the real full name of the famous writer Ross Macdonald, the creator of the well-known hero Lew Archer?	Human
Who was the famous American author of the poem `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	Human
What specific Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually engaged in ongoing battle with in the show?	Human
What famous baseball player was famously known as Charley Hustle in history?	Human
Where did Gulliver remarkably find a unique race of tiny little people living?	Location
What vast desert region has been beautifully called The Garden of Allah?	Location
Where do lobsters naturally and typically like to live in the vast ocean?	Location
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of overall population size and available data?	Location
In what county is the small rural town of Eckley, Colorado located?	Location
Where is Montenegro specifically located in Europe?	Location
What specific country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect language?	Location
What vast and beautiful clear ocean surrounds the stunning tropical Maldive Islands?	Location
Where does Buzz Aldrin specifically want to build a permanent, manned space station in outer space?	Location
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the entire modern world today?	Location
What country proudly boasts the historic and famous Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle, and Blair Castle?	Location
What state in the United States covers the largest total land area overall?	Location
Where in the vast beautiful Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean?	Location
Where does the famous musical song Anything Goes take place in the story?	Location
Where can I find the complete lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the popular musical ` Company ' online?	Location
What are the largest public libraries in the entire US today?	Location
What countries earn the most overall revenue from the tourism industry overall?	Location
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the entire world?	Location
What is the largest shopping mall in the entire world today currently?	Location
What U.S. city proudly and uniquely showcases its skyline beautifully, while it boasts the famous Gateway Arch?	Location
Where have the most significant dinosaur fossil remains been found overall?	Location
What country proudly boasts the most impressive dams overall?	Location
What major river is historic and famous Windsor Castle located on?	Location
What large and important historic sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	Location
What is the geographical center point of the contiguous US including Alaska and Hawaii region?	Location
Where did the ancient Maya people primarily live in?	Location
What country 's capital city is famously known as Lagos, Nigeria, in Africa?	Location
Where is Glasgow located exactly in central Scotland?	Location
What country was Hitler the chancellor of historically in Germany?	Location
What is the specific name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin currently lives in?	Location
What specific country is located at approximately 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude, exactly, in the world?	Location
What southwestern state is commonly dubbed The Silver State indeed, in fact, overall?	Location
Where were the 196 Summer Olympic Games held in modern history?	Location
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European explorer to see?	Location
What two countries are directly linked by the important Brenner Pass road?	Location
What ocean is the largest vast ocean in the entire world?	Location
Where can I find the detailed technical schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism assembly?	Location
Where is Poe's famous historical birthplace actually located?	Location
Where is the famous historical Henry Ford Museum located?	Location
What is the largest beautiful, scenic natural lake in North America?	Location
Where is the largest post office building in the entire world?	Location
On what major historical river is ancient Rome built ?	Location
What city is the stunningly beautiful and charming setting for Puccini's famous opera La Boheme?	Location
Where are some great educational, useful, and helpful online resources for parents and teachers?	Location
What specific country was General Douglas McArthur in during the specific time when he was recalled by President Truman ?	Location
Please name an art gallery in New York City today.	Location
What country in Latin America is the largest one overall in total size?	Location
Where do spotted hyenas typically live in various wild habitats?	Location
What is the name of the specific country in which Hitler ruled during his historical time period?	Location
What famed historic London criminal court was once a grand ancient feudal castle?	Location
Where can I find comprehensive and detailed historical information about Manchukuo?	Location
What famous city notably gained widespread renown for its notorious pea-soup fogs?	Location
What large tidal bay actually divides Maryland's Eastern and Western Shores?	Location
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear weapons complex specifically located in intricate detail?	Location
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place exactly?	Location
Where can an individual get a contact lens properly and safely tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	Location
What country’s national flag is a solid field green color?	Location
What are all the various southern states of the United States of America, specifically?	Location
What specific football stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in, exactly?	Location
Where can I easily find a picture of a Blue Meanie online?	Location
What are the largest breweries in the entire world?	Location
What 's the sacred, revered, and holy river of ancient India ?	Location
What are the five richest countries in the entire world today?	Location
Which specific country is widely known as the `` Big Bear '' in geography, specifically?	Location
What country has recently declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians now?	Location
What country has the very busy and bustling major port of Haifa located?	Location
Where is the main central Loop located?	Location
What country was A Terrible Beauty specifically to the author Leon Uris?	Location
Where is Sinn Fein's official party political headquarters located?	Location
Where is the famous historic railway bridge over the river Kwai located?	Location
What charming historic city is sometimes called The Athens of beautiful Switzerland?	Location
What specific man-made navigable waterways is 1.76 miles long in total?	Location
What specific Caribbean country has been called The Queen of the Antilles region?	Location
What is the largest inhabited island in the stunning beautiful Mediterranean Sea?	Location
Where did the popular Hawaiian ukulele instrument originate originally?	Location
Where did the real historical figure St. Nicholas famously live?	Location
What specific city does McCarren Airport serve overall in general?	Location
Where can I find all the relevant and useful information I need to know about the English Civil War, 1642-1649, in great detail?	Location
Where can I easily and conveniently read about Abraham Lincoln online in detail?	Location
What is the largest county in total land size in Massachusetts overall?	Location
What two notable European countries notably entered the War of American Independence against the British military forces?	Location
How many times can a typical nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery safely be recharged in total, on average?	Number
How many people tragically died on D-Day?	Number
How many total public school districts are there in the United States overall?	Number
How much energy is typically released when pure oxygen and hydrogen gas mix together in a reaction?	Number
How far is London, UK, from beautiful California, USA, specifically?	Number
How much in total miles is a ten K run distance overall?	Number
How long does it generally take for Spider-Man's web fluid to completely evaporate?	Number
What is the overall probability that at least 2 out of 25 random people will likely have the same birthday?	Number
What is the current all-time stock high of Apple Computer, and where can I easily find this specific information online?	Number
How long should you consistently feed your growing puppy delicious Purina Puppy Chow?	Number
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven actually regularly watch ` The Simpsons ' consistently on television?	Number
When exactly was the significant historic battle of the Somme notably fought?	Number
What is the current estimated population of Kansas state region?	Number
How long does a common house fly live?	Number
When were the popular consumer camcorders introduced in Malaysia?	Number
How often are healthy brain cells naturally replaced in the human body over time?	Number
When exactly was the famous and popular slinky toy invented?	Number
How many people in America snore loudly and consistently at night?	Number
In what specific year was the large iron cannon actually invented?	Number
How many total electoral college votes does Colorado currently have, exactly, in total?	Number
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd magazine?	Number
What is the current population of Mississippi state?	Number
When was the very first modern, functional flush toilet invented?	Number
What is the chemical reactivity of noble neon gas actually?	Number
How much money can a person potentially be fined for having a pet dog on a crowded beach location?	Number
When did the rich and vibrant historical art of quilting begin?	Number
How many total sides does a regular heptagon have exactly?	Number
On what specific historic day were John F. Kennedy and Jackie Kennedy married?	Number
When is Dick Clark's actual birthday date occurring?	Number
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII overall?	Number
How many total years of additional formal medical schooling after high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon?	Number
How many feet long is a standard official baseball pitcher's rubber plate?	Number
What is the chemical reactivity of helium gas in nature generally?	Number
How far do you have to run if you hit a very powerful home run in baseball?	Number
How many total lunar months does it typically take the moon to revolve around the Earth?	Number
What is the official airport code for the busy Los Angeles International airport?	Number
How old is the famous actor Jeremy Piven exactly today?	Number
When did the grand and royal wedding event of Prince Andrew and Fergie notably take place?	Number
In what year was the first patent for the innovative pull-tab opener on metal cans obtained officially?	Number
What will the California state gas tax rate be in the year 2000 and beyond?	Number
How many Canadians typically choose to voluntarily emmigrate each year, on average?	Number
How many zeros are there in a trillion number?	Number
How old is too old for a very young child to not be talking yet anymore?	Number
How many total miles is it approximately to Ohio from North Carolina, roughly?	Number
How much will gas prices be heavily taxed in California by the year 2000 overall?	Number
How big is a normal average size adult penis for a typical 15-year-old male?	Number
How many trees actually go into paper making in a typical year, each year?	Number
What are the various common typical lengths of pearl necklaces typically?	Number
How long is the world 's largest ship, in total meters, exactly?	Number
What does an average daycare provider typically get paid in the New England region today?	Number
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea officially establish formal diplomatic relations between them?	Number
How many total elevators do you typically ride to reach the very top floor of the Empire State Building?	Number
What century is the historical setting for TV's classic The Adventures of Robin Hood show?	Number
How many total points is a bullseye worth in a standard darts game overall?	Number
How many different flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson's have?	Number
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily for health?	Number
How much would it likely cost to purchase a small 2-foot-square outdoor party tent, with sides, included?	Number
What exact number of American soldiers currently still remain unaccounted for from the Vietnam war?	Number
How many popular and successful movies has talented actress Drew Barrymore been in during her career?	Number
When did Aldous Huxley actually write his famous dystopian novel, `` Brave New World '' ?	Number
What is the current estimated population of Arcadia, Florida, specifically located?	Number
What is the current estimated population of Ohio state?	Number
What is the current ticket fare for traveling from vibrant Cairo to beautiful Barbados safely?	Number
What specific month, exact date, and year did Charles I die tragically?	Number
What is the current estimated population of Mozambique today, exactly?	Number
By how much will the California state gas tax dramatically rise significantly by the year 2000 overall?	Number
What are the odds of giving birth to identical twins?	Number
In 1990, what specific day of the week did Christmas fall on exactly during that particular year?	Number
How much does one ton of regular cement actually cost in total overall?	Number
How much do various drugs to treat tuberculosis cost overall?	Number
What is the current cost of the various common essential drugs used in tuberculosis treatments?	Number
How many people actually lived in Nebraska during the mid 1900s historical period?	Number
What is the average age a healthy horse typically lives overall?	Number
What year did the popular new nylon stockings first go on general sale?	Number
How many total square feet is Bill Gates' large private home?	Number
When was Berlin's iconic historical Brandenburg Gate erected?	Number
How many people does Honda currently employ in the U.S. overall today?	Number
What is the exact percentage of children aged two through eleven who regularly watch ` 'The Simpsons ' on television?	Number
What is the current total quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the long Vietnam war?	Number
What is the typical average normal gestation period for human pregnancies overall?	Number
How many people currently live in beautiful, diverse Chile today?	Number
What season typically begins with the annual spring vernal equinox event occurring?	Number
How many fingers are typically and commonly used to accurately draw a bow correctly?	Number
When was the De Beers diamond mining company originally founded?	Number
How many total actual furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter racetrack area today?	Number
What specific year did the very first issue of `` Playboy '' actually come out officially?	Number
How many wild elephants are remaining left on earth today?	Number
What was Thatcher's overall approval rating during and after 10 long years in power?	Number
How many total unique websites are there in the entire world today?	Number
How many different languages does the Pope speak fluently and accurately in his role?	Number
What was the very first federal minimum wage ever established?	Number
What 's a perfect and ideal score in a rhythmic gymnastics exercise routine?	Number
How much do various effective and essential tuberculosis combatting drugs cost overall?	Number
When exactly did Spielberg famously direct the iconic classic `` Jaws '' film?	Number
What is the current global total pig population of the world today?	Number
What is the exact current latitude and longitude geographic coordinates of El Paso, Texas?	Number
Where does the U.S. rank among all world countries in total land area ?	Number
How long do you typically have to legally live in a specific community to vote effectively?	Number
How many small dots in total actually make up the symbol for `` because '' exactly?	Number
How many total teats does a healthy female goat sport exactly in total?	Number
What percent of the world's total fresh water resources is commonly found in Canada?	Number
How many people in the entire world fluently speak the beautiful French language?	Number
How much total money does each player receive at the very beginning of the classic game in Monopoly?	Number
How long does it typically take the average hen to lay 19 dozen eggs overall in total?	Number
When did Gothic art and architecture notably flourish in European history?	Number
What is the average salary of a paleontologist in general?	Number
How many different people have truly been Captain America?	Number
What is the average date when most major shopping malls generally begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations in general?	Number
How much does the President of the United States get paid annually in total?	Number
How many people tragically and sadly lost their lives when the Estonia ferry sank in 1994?	Number
On which date is the Ukrainians' beautiful traditional Christmas celebration?	Number
In what year did Hitler gain total absolute control of power in Germany?	Number
What is Dick Clark's specific exact date of birth, please?	Number
What is a notable example of an actual legal case of using the Fourteenth Amendment in history?	Description
What is the exact origin of head lice?	Description
What is a gandy dancer railway worker known for?	Description
Why do many people in the upper peninsula of beautiful Michigan say `` eh ? '' ?	Description
What are some fun, thrilling, and exciting activities to do in Cozumel, Mexico for teenagers?	Description
What is a simple and basic hyperlink concept?	Description
How does a simple ancient abacus work in practical use?	Description
What is Archimedes famously known for in ancient history?	Description
How do you thoroughly clean badly tarnished and dirty brass metal items?	Description
What exactly makes loud and intense thunder occur?	Description
What is a classic traditional military phalanx formation?	Description
What is a colorful and vibrant pyrotechnic display event happening?	Description
What is June's birthstone gem?	Description
How can I effectively stop or potentially slow down the natural aging process?	Description
From what cause does serious chronic pulmonary tuberculosis stem from?	Description
What is the overall economic impact of high unemployment rates on the economy?	Description
Why are eggs supposed to be properly stored in a small end down position?	Description
How can you easily and quickly contact various play producers and local promoters on-line?	Description
What were the first actual historical words ever spoken on a film sound track?	Description
What would possibly happen to Canada if Quebec potentially separated in the future?	Description
What is durable and reliable tyvek material?	Description
What is diabetes exactly and specifically in detail?	Description
How did serfdom develop in Russia and then eventually leave Russia?	Description
Why does a woman have to be a virgin in order to be a nun ?	Description
How do modern digital cameras take clear and sharp pictures efficiently?	Description
What is Jane Goodall widely known for, specifically and notably?	Description
What is the key primary essential difference between a generator and an alternator system?	Description
What is the historical origin of the word `` pallbearer '' in society?	Description
What is an arab strap commonly used for?	Description
What is swap math exactly in finance and trading?	Description
What is modern cosmology study?	Description
How do I know if I am truly secretly jealous of someone?	Description
What is the precise and specific definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' in detailed terms?	Description
How can someone truly and effectively become a skilled federal agent effectively?	Description
What does the term palindromic mean exactly in this specific context?	Description
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from originally and historically?	Description
How do you write a correct and thorough critical analysis of a specific poem effectively?	Description
What is home banking service exactly like?	Description
How did the U.S. come into the possession of a vast colonial empire in the immediate wake of the Spanish-American War?	Description
What do you personally say to a close friend who often ignores you for other friends occasionally?	Description
What is a small nematode organism?	Description
How can I politely and casually ask for someone's phone number if I only have their screen name?	Description
What is tumbled natural marble stone product?	Description
What was the first famous Funk 'N Lata, a Brazilian music group, notable success?	Description
What specific category does the color pink notably denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition game?	Description
Why was Washington, DC originally called the District of Columbia, the USA capital?	Description
What are the tiny, delicate alveoli structures in the lungs?	Description
What is the traditional Amish religious community?	Description
What is the historical relationship of the Catholic Church and various popular bingo games?	Description
What typically happens to used motor oil in various cases?	Description
In Waugh's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the weary and tired hero to do every single dull afternoon ?	Description
What are the distinct and unique physical characteristics of the noble Arabian horse breed?	Description
What does the name Robert really mean?	Description
What is the deeper philosophical meaning of W.B. Yeat's poem, `` The Three Hermits ? ''	Description
Why are organ transplants more successful today in modern medical medicine?	Description
How is plastic typically made in various different complex processes?	Description
Why do some older USA fax machines not work properly in the UK, NNP?	Description
What is the specific biological origin of gametophytic plant tissue?	Description
What is the true essential nature of learning and education?	Description
What are concerned people actively doing to help prevent the potential extinction of various bird species?	Description
What does the name `` Anthony '' actually mean in general?	Description
What is the key significant difference between a median and a mean value?	Description
What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart, and Howard K. Smith all have in common together, exactly?	Description
What is a cache memory storage system exactly?	Description
What is a qualified urologist medical doctor?	Description
How do modern anti-locking braking system vehicle brakes function work?	Description
Why are there typically around 12 people on a jury in criminal cases?	Description
What does the term glory hole actually mean in general?	Description
What is the exact origin of the word, JJ?	Description
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from originally in American history?	Description
Why do many young girls sometimes have to wear training bras for support?	Description
What specific information can you possibly get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis today, please?	Description
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in clear and concise reference to bonds and various investments?	Description
What is an old auberge in France, exactly?	Description
What is natural mineral saltpeter?	Description
What is a wop term actually used for?	Description
What significant historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 to make that specific year remembered?	Description
How does crosstalk directly relate to InSb thickness in various different infrared detectors specifically?	Description
What is Butterfield 8 actually located in Butterfield 8 ?	Description
How do you simply and accurately calculate the precise change in enthalpy of a specific chemical reaction?	Description
What is a geoscientist in general, typically speaking?	Description
What ever happened to the once very popular Yale Lock Company recently and sadly?	Description
What is the biblical spiritual and deeper meaning of ` stones ' in nature?	Description
What is the historical origin of the word ` news ' in modern journalism?	Description
Why does a rotating wheel, e.g. a car tire, appear to visibly spin in the opposite direction as it gradually slows down slowly?	Description
What does the name Shawn actually mean specifically in general?	Description
What are these delicious sweet amaretto biscuits exactly?	Description
What is Remembrance Day all about in general, really, specifically?	Description
What is typhoid fever exactly in medical detail?	Description
How can I easily and quickly call a close friend in another country when I do not know the specific telephone number?	Description
What is the frequency spectrum of a simple sine wave?	Description
Why are the inner ears actually your center of balance?	Description
Why do many people often shake hands to show a general sense of mutual friendliness?	Description
How do you easily and quickly determine if a computer monitor has a standard SVGA video adapter?	Description
What commonly causes pneumonia in many individuals?	Description
What was the significant historical importance of Magellan's voyages?	Description
What was the notable claim to historic fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939, in history?	Description
Why is it commonly called a `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it at all, ever?	Description
What are Fortune 500 companies, exactly, in great detail?	Description
What legal steps do you need to take to successfully marry someone who is in jail?	Description
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced in a clear and simple way, please?	Description
Why is the Indiglo light actually called Indiglo light?	Description
How do you safely and carefully get bubblegum out of stubborn carpet fibers?	Description
What is so extremely powerful about the popular energy Power Bars?	Description
What does the term verdandi mean exactly in this context?	Description
What does the number 33 on the iconic and famous Rolling Rock beer bottle mean?	Description
How does a modern advanced military submarine operate effectively?	Description
How do I know how much money to effectively save for my future retirement goals?	Description
Define Spumante, a sparkling wine.	Description
How do I contact the Answers.com direct support team for further assistance and help?	Description
What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's notable literary contributions to English literature overall?	Description
What is the scientific historical origin of the atom?	Description
What is the historical origin of thank you notes ?	Description
What is a small electronic transistor device used for?	Description
What is an ecological niche concept in ecology science?	Description
What is the historic town hall building rathaus in Frankfurt city?	Description
What is a specific specimen of basidiomycetes fungi?	Description
What specific characteristics and unique features contribute to its overall `` intelligence ''?	Description
What are the Cobol, Fortran, and Pascal programming languages exactly?	Description
What significant public revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate investigation committee hearings?	Description
How is the silk screening process done effectively, smoothly, and efficiently?	Description
How come some old light bulbs unexpectedly go out suddenly?	Description
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze or cough excessively during conversations?	Description
Why are spooky and eerie haunted houses incredibly popular today?	Description
What is hypertext, exactly, in essence?	Description
What is a standard typical complete turnkey contract?	Description
What is a First World developed country exactly, in general?	Description
How does light travel through the vast, empty void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' at all?	Description
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm unexpectedly leave the Los Angeles city area?	Description
What harmful and negative effects do nitrates have on the environment overall?	Description
What is paracetamol commonly used for in various situations?	Description
What is Betsy Ross famously known for historically in American history?	Description
What is a person's socioeconomic social position in modern society?	Description
What is gymnophobia exactly?	Description
What is the common medical condition of hypertension actually like?	Description
Why were those iconic red M&Ms candies discontinued then brought back again?	Description
What is Olestra, exactly, in great detail?	Description
What is an isthmus land region specifically?	Description
What kind of specific medicinal substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate, exactly?	Entity
What is a deep, intense, profound fear of hell?	Entity
Which thrilled many different taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers candy?	Entity
What are some good fun and engaging physical exercises for kids to do safely?	Entity
What is the only common vegetable that starts with the letter `` z '' in the garden?	Entity
What is the dumbest domesticated animal overall in general, actually?	Entity
What specific classic literary book does Holden Caulfield appear in?	Entity
For what specific neurological disease is the well-known drug Sinemet used as a treatment option?	Entity
What are the titles of some popular R-Rated Sony Playstation video game titles?	Entity
What specific J.R.R. Tolkien book specifically features the character Gimli as a central character?	Entity
What various types of racing vehicles are typically raced in the iconic Tour de France event?	Entity
Name a small flying mammal creature in nature.	Entity
What 's typically bottled in large jeroboams ?	Entity
What is `` the unique taste that truly beats the others cold '' in any way?	Entity
What specific rare disease condition does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake noticeably?	Entity
What was the specific species of the famous plush Winnie the Pooh bear?	Entity
What specific animal officially received royal assent as an official national emblem of Canada on March 24, 1975?	Entity
What specific animal species was the beloved Winnie the Pooh bear?	Entity
Can you kindly name a Salt Lake City local newspaper for me?	Entity
What is exactly the great American family cereal product?	Entity
What does a skilled farrier typically put horseshoes on horses?	Entity
What were the various unique ceremony traditions like during the interesting Elizabethan times?	Entity
Which popular hair care product repeatedly told us "hate that gray, wash it away" every time?	Entity
What is the most common non-contagious chronic disease in the world today currently?	Entity
What specific healthy foods contain essential vitamin B12 nutrients?	Entity
What Peter Blatty novel, in vivid detail, vividly recounts the horrific horrors of Regan MacNeil's possession by the devil?	Entity
What are the various effective ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level effectively?	Entity
What is the best-selling book of all time ever recorded in history?	Entity
What do flatfish typically eat in their natural ocean habitat ecosystem?	Entity
What was the name of Betty Boop's beloved little dog friend companion?	Entity
What specific `` magic '' techniques does Mandrake uniquely employ specifically and uniquely?	Entity
What specific anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be safely used for the safe birth of her seventh child, during the year 1853?	Entity
What is the common name for acetylsalicylic acid, a popular pain relief medication?	Entity
What are some of Australia’s unique and fascinating diverse native flora species?	Entity
What did Martin Luther boldly post on the church door at Wittenberg historically, and why?	Entity
What is the most popular overall sports car color choice among consumers today?	Entity
What popular golfing accessory item was patented by George Grant on December 12, 2023.	Entity
What kind of large wild animal is the character Babar ?	Entity
What is the common electronic device typically used to produce visual displays corresponding to various electric signals?	Entity
What natural hair color can I use to just gently cover a little bit of gray?	Entity
What specific hymn did John Steinbeck derive his book title The Grapes of Wrath from originally?	Entity
Which popular comic strip was never turned into a successful and notable Broadway musical show?	Entity
What is the official name of the second space shuttle vehicle ever created?	Entity
What specific kind of file has the extension .dbf data format?	Entity
What are the seven great amazing wonders of the ancient world?	Entity
What English word actually comes from the Old French term covrefeu , meaning cover fire specifically?	Entity
What was the very first English play written exclusively for children?	Entity
Which is the most-used and popular computer program software available today?	Entity
What are the different types of various common plastic materials used widely today?	Entity
What common household product's ads claim that it `` effectively eliminates strong odors, kills various household germs, mold, and mildew ''?	Entity
What is a specific native language commonly spoken by the Sioux tribe?	Entity
What is the world 's best selling chocolate cookie ?	Entity
What popular after-dinner sweet treat was uniquely invented in 1916 at the famous George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles?	Entity
What stringed weapon specifically fires a small, metal bolt projectile?	Entity
What has to be legally and properly produced in a formal writ of habeas corpus document?	Entity
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to cleverly form a different word?	Entity
Which common mammal lives, breeds, eats, and sleeps underground?	Entity
What was the name of the American naval ship sunk by a naval mine in Havana harbor, causing the Spanish-American war?	Entity
What do you specifically call a certain specific section of your finger from one joint to another part?	Entity
What is April's beautiful, lovely, and stunning gemstone?	Entity
What famous racehorse notably won an Associated Press poll as the greatest racehorse of the 20th century?	Entity
What is the name of the famous Michelangelo painting that shows two human hands with fingers gently touching softly?	Entity
