What television network did Mary Richards labor for?	Entity
Which creates the lengthier sperm - an elephant or a rodent?	Entity
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay recognized as ?	Entity
What format was VHS's primary rival?	Entity
What armament is the legendary figure Apollo most skilled with?	Entity
What movie concludes with the phrase: `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?	Entity
Which mosquito's bite extracts plasma, DT NN CC DT NN.	Entity
What is the proper method to utilize `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	Entity
What story has the lesson: `` He who desires everything obtains nothing '' ?	Entity
What is a term whose characters can be reordered to create a distinct term?	Entity
What fizzy beverage not only possesses its own video game, but was highlighted in its own Marvel comic book?	Entity
What competition is 1, 137 miles lengthy?	Entity
What is one of the dialects spoken by the Sioux termed?	Entity
What do the French refer to La Manche?	Entity
Which graphic novel was not derived directly from the pulp publications?	Entity
What were the assessments called which ensued World War II?	Entity
What does a dread-dreader fear?	Entity
What is the title of a tongue spoken by the Sioux?	Entity
What is the verdant variety of beryl termed?	Entity
What conflict was waged by the Spanish as far as the Philippines?	Entity
Aspartame is recognized by what other moniker?	Entity
What is the title of the American literary period that encompasses 1896 ?	Entity
What is the title of the largest water management project in China?	Entity
What is a dread of movement?	Entity
Which album placed The Beatles on the front of Time in 1967?	Entity
What tome commences: `` At a particular hamlet in La Mancha , which I shall not identify.. . '' ?	Entity
What is it that wanders on four appendages, then on two legs, then on three?	Entity
What two concrete elements expand all your existence?	Entity
What was a California devotion book to an Old West wagerer?	Entity
Which is a genuine berry: brambleberry, sourberry, redberry, bushberry?	Entity
What type of a sports squad is the Wisconsin Badgers?	Entity
What activity includes slotbacks, tailbacks, and touchbacks?	Entity
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' denote ?	Expression
What does G.M.T. signify?	Expression
What 's the shorthand for trinitrotoluene ?	Expression
What is LMDS?	Expression
What does U.S.S.R. represent?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for the National Bureau of Inquiry?	Expression
What does IBM signify?	Expression
What does e.g. signify?	Expression
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa?	Human
Who was the wordsmith and who was the inventor between Gilbert and Sullivan?	Human
Who proclaimed: `` I believe I 'll venture out and milk the moose '' ?	Human
Determine the Marvel team loosely motivated by DC's Justice League of America?	Human
Who is the writer of the book, `` The Iron Lady: A Life Story of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	Human
What filmmaker depicted the overseer of the POW camp in 1953's Stalag 17?	Human
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie, ` The Godfather ' ?	Human
What 4-foot-9 performer in 1984 became the initial artist to obtain an Oscar for depicting a character of the opposite gender?	Human
Who was the designer of Central Park?	Human
What corporation began making pastries, and ended up producing plastic tossing toys?	Human
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is named Shooting Star?	Human
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people?	Human
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the progress of the newspaper in America?	Human
What well-known comic strip figure perished from pimples?	Human
Whose cabinet was empty?	Human
Identify a woman figure skater.	Human
Who was William Henry Harrison?	Human
What is `` the carrier created for corporate travelers '' ?	Human
What Chief Officer once declared to Gene Autry: `` Please send my greetings to your associate Dale ''?	Human
Which Chilean chief was slain in a 1973 overthrow?	Human
Identify the Ranger who was perpetually pursuing Yogi Bear.	Human
What Pulitzer Prize-winning author campaigned for mayor of New York City?	Human
What 's comic strip shutterbug Peter Parker 's concealed persona ?	Human
Who is the performer Bette Davis once stated she wished she resembled?	Human
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun?	Human
Which American secured the global Grand Prix racing title in 1978?	Human
Who maintained the most renowned journal in the English tongue?	Human
Who helmed `` Jaws '' ?	Human
What enterprises in Alaska were impacted by the Exxon Valdez oil leak?	Human
Who directed the resistance when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany?	Human
Who asserted to be the globe's most flawlessly-developed individual?	Human
Which suburban homemaker and mother of three authored The Feminine Mystique?	Human
Which university generated the most victorious Super Bowl signal-callers?	Human
What fool obtained an honorary degree from Northwestern University?	Human
What creator popularized soup vessels and Brillo soap pad boxes?	Human
What institution does Tom go to in Tom Brown's School Days?	Human
Who announces the climate on the `` Good Morning America '' television program ?	Human
Who asked the melodic query: `` Have you ever toured electric lady land ? ''	Human
What is the finest online enterprise to enter into?	Human
What organization did Mr. Waverly appoint delegates for?	Human
Who is the filmmaker and cutter of the film Big featuring Tom Hanks?	Human
Who was the Leader of Costa Rica in 1994?	Human
Who did Sara Jane Moore attempt to murder?	Human
Who initiated the Dominos Pizza franchise?	Human
What is the name of Miss India 1994?	Human
Who portrays the officer in the film `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	Human
Who is regarded as The First Lady of the American Theater?	Human
What vocalist became disheartened over the demise of Freddie Prinze, abandoned show business, and then left the industry?	Human
Who did Dita Beard collaborate with?	Human
Who is Karenna Gore, Al Gore's eldest daughter, wedded to?	Human
Who illustrated `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	Human
Who operates Andy Capp's preferred tavern?	Human
Who was the initial Russian cosmonaut to stroll in outer space?	Human
Ascertain the designated bounty hunter of The Old West.	Human
What 's the title of Popeye 's foster child ?	Human
Identify the two performer daughters of John Mills.	Human
Whom does Uncle Duke's associate, Honey, share a chamber with?	Human
Who bestowed King Arthur the circular table?	Human
Identify a group which was renowned in the 1960s.	Human
What was the designation of the cook on Rawhide?	Human
Which college terminated Angela Davis?	Human
Woodrow Wilson acted as leader of what college?	Human
Who is the chief of Marbella?	Human
Who invented the game bowling?	Human
Where is Amsterdam situated?	Location
Which New England area owns the phone area code 27?	Location
Which sea encircles the Madeira Islands?	Location
Where did the real St. Nicholas live?	Location
What is the name of the sphere that the Ewoks inhabit on?	Location
Which U.S. metropolis’s skyline displays the Gateway Arch?	Location
What is worth viewing in Reims?	Location
Where can I inspect a perpetual calendar?	Location
What adjacent nation is due north of Costa Rica?	Location
What are the five most costly cities in the globe?	Location
Where are the Union Livestock Pens?	Location
Where is there data on the book `` El Cid '' ?	Location
What isles received their title from the Spanish baja mar, signifying shallow water?	Location
Which nation is renowned for Persian carpets?	Location
Which Kenyan town is the wildlife hub for East Africa?	Location
Where is the Keck observatory?	Location
What nation was Hitler the premier of?	Location
Where can I locate illustrated instructions on how to construct a very basic treehouse?	Location
Which nations possess the finest mathematics scholars?	Location
Which star group contains the brothers Castor and Pollux?	Location
Which South American metropolis showcases the private Copacabana Shore and Ipanema?	Location
Where can I explore about Chiang Kai-shek?	Location
Where can I acquire information and statistics on countries and nations?	Location
What nation is the backdrop for Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum?	Location
What nation did the Allies assault in World War II's Operation Avalanche?	Location
What European nation discarded postage stickers in 1923 because producing them cost more than their nominal value?	Location
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, Prussian born explorer, go to school?	Location
Where have the most dinosaur fossils been discovered?	Location
What is the biggest and most costly highway construction endeavor in the U.S. currently?	Location
Where can I locate an Ask An Authority site?	Location
What Caribbean isle is northeast of Tobago?	Location
What North American metropolis would you explore to view Cleopatra's Obelisk?	Location
Which province has the highest quantity of Indians?	Location
Which nation will reach the year 2 first?	Location
What elevated area of the globe is the Lhasa Apso canine indigenous to?	Location
What is the hub of California ?	Location
Where was `` I have tumbled, and I cannot get up '' stated first ?	Location
What packed state covers 49,576 square kilometers?	Location
What metropolis is the starting point for ascents of Mount Everest?	Location
What is the globe's tallest summit?	Location
Where are the primary headquarters of Eli Lilly?	Location
What is the biggest U.S. province east of the Mississippi?	Location
What region is Niagara Falls situated in?	Location
Which stream is Pocahontas interred adjacent to?	Location
What was the tallest peak on earth before Mount Everest was found?	Location
What is the moniker for the state of Mississippi?	Location
What two nations share the Khyber Passage?	Location
Where does the bulk of the cannabis entering the United States derive from?	Location
What mountain chain is crossed by the highest railway in the globe?	Location
What southeastern Asian nation has the Wang River merging with the Ping River at Tak?	Location
What nation was Erich Honecker the chief of?	Location
Where are gemstones extracted?	Location
Which river is Windsor Citadel situated on?	Location
Which region generates the least sour coffee?	Location
What North American metropolis sprouts the most parking kiosks?	Location
Where does the opera vocalist Ileana Cotrubas originate from?	Location
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Overpass bridge?	Location
What is the finest trekking Web site ?	Location
Which Nordic capital is constructed on nine bridge-linked islands?	Location
Where in the Scripture does it mention about Jesus Christ's siblings and relatives?	Location
What were the initial bodies explored by spacecraft?	Location
What is the finest location to reside in the globe, taking into account weather, society?	Location
Which continent's designation shows up in the upper left corner of a Budweiser label?	Location
Where did the 6th yearly gathering of Indonesia-Malaysia forest specialists occur?	Location
Which nation would you travel to ski in the Dolomites?	Location
What is George Lucas's electronic mail address?	Location
What nation was earliest to employ the aircraft as an armament of conflict, against the Ottomans in Libya?	Location
What is the biggest county in area in Massachusetts?	Location
Which continent holds the most blooms?	Location
What is the globe's biggest cathedral?	Location
Inform me which town the Kentucky Horse Park is close to?	Location
Where is Webster College?	Location
Where is Myanmar?	Location
What nation did King Gustav V rule over from 197 to 195 ?	Location
Where did Sarge Steel acquire his metal hand?	Location
What renowned river was Hernando de Soto the initial European to observe?	Location
Which one of the Great Lakes is completely within U.S. boundaries?	Location
Where can I locate complete written manuscript of CTBT?	Location
Where did Gulliver discover a tribe of miniature individuals?	Location
What bursts every hour at Yellowstone National Reserve?	Location
Where is the Kentucky Equine Park?	Location
When was the Hoover Barrier built?	Number
How youthful was Stevie Wonder when he consented with Motown Records?	Number
What was Joe Namath's main agreement worth?	Number
How many kilojoules are there in soybean paste?	Number
CNN commenced airing in what year?	Number
How many individuals in Tucson?	Number
How many titles are there for Eskimo individuals?	Number
What is the strength of the shuttle propellers?	Number
What was the initial minimum salary?	Number
How much folate should an expectant mother obtain daily?	Number
What are the joblessness figures for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	Number
How many ballots in Congress disagreed from the 1941 proclamation of conflict with Japan?	Number
When was Yemen merged?	Number
How many frameworks are there in the human hoof?	Number
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz mug of java?	Number
When did the Vesuvius last burst?	Number
How many men perished constructing the Mackinaw Bridge?	Number
How aged was Gene Siskel?	Number
How many inches separated are neighboring pins in tenpin bowling?	Number
How many teaspoons comprise a tablespoon?	Number
How many celestial bodies are there in Big Dipper?	Number
How many types of apple exist?	Number
How rapid is a 45MHz microprocessor?	Number
How vast is the cosmos really?	Number
How ancient is Bernadette Peters?	Number
What is the mass of a teaspoon of substance in a black void?	Number
The movie `` Jaws '' was created in what year ?	Number
How many occasions was pitcher, Warren Spahn, a 20-game victor in his 21 major league campaigns?	Number
What is the common dimension participant for a 15-year-old?	Number
How long do you need to dwell in a community to cast a ballot?	Number
How long does it require for your blood to make one entire journey through the body?	Number
When did the art of quilting begin?	Number
What is the U.S. currency equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K.?	Number
What is Columbia Tristar 's contact number ?	Number
How many tinted squares are there on a Rubik's Cube?	Number
When did CNN start transmitting?	Number
What is the strength of the shuttle propellers?	Number
When did Spain and Korea start diplomatic relations?	Number
How long did it require Stanley to locate Livingstone?	Number
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles wed?	Number
How many acres are in a mile?	Number
How many cards are distributed to each participant in Gin Rummy?	Number
When do you sow winter grain?	Number
How many cubic feet of volume does a gallon of liquid occupy?	Number
When did Rococo artistry and design thrive?	Number
What was the date of Iraq's incursion of Kuwait?	Number
How many excavations can still be located in the Falklands after the conflict concluded?	Number
What are the odds of conception if the penis does not enter the vagina?	Number
How many individuals did the United Nations pledge to assist reinstate order and allocate humanitarian aid in Somalia in September 1992?	Number
When was John D. Rockefeller born?	Number
How large is the Chappellet winery?	Number
How many locations are there in the globe?	Number
What season is the backdrop for Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream?	Number
How many Beatles' albums reached #1?	Number
How many similar angles are there in a equilateral triangle?	Number
How many individuals does Honda hire in the U.S.?	Number
How much did the Iran-Contra probe expense?	Number
How many officials oversee a soccer match?	Number
How many ponds are there on the planet?	Number
What is the typical expense for four years of medicine school?	Number
How many liters of whole dairy is required to produce one pound of butter?	Number
What is the conversion rate for Australian to American currency?	Number
How many inquiries do you possess on your database?	Number
What 's the Fahrenheit counterpart of zero degrees Celsius ?	Number
How much can an individual be penalized for having a canine on a shore?	Number
How many years prior did Led Zeppelin publish its final album?	Number
How many American troops remain uncounted from the Vietnam conflict?	Number
How many years comprise a lustrum?	Number
How much did a McDonald 's meat sandwich cost in 1963?	Number
How many members of a household could be conscripted in the U.S. armed forces during World War II?	Number
When was Calypso tune invented?	Number
What is the duration it takes a typist to compose a script that is 100 pages lengthy?	Number
How aged is too aged for a kid to not be speaking?	Number
In what year was De Gaulle chosen president of France?	Number
How many thousands of pupils enroll in the University of Massachusetts?	Number
When did the Carolingian era commence?	Number
When did Mount St. Helens most recently experience a significant eruption?	Number
Autonomous silversmith's record for what proportion of silver creation?	Number
How many American troops have perished for their nation to date?	Number
When was the NFL founded?	Number
When does the Bible say the seasons began?	Number
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald submerge?	Number
When was Berlin's Brandenburg arch constructed?	Number
How large is our cosmos in width?	Number
How many months does a typical human gestation endure?	Number
How long do shelter crabs exist?	Number
How many varieties of twins are there?	Number
How long do cardinal ova incubate?	Number
How many individuals view broadcast television?	Number
When did Hurricane Hugo happen?	Number
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on vessels obtained?	Number
When is the Star nearest to the Planet?	Number
When did the original Howdy Doody program go off the broadcast?	Number
When was Richard Clarke born?	Number
What date is Boxing Holiday?	Number
When was Beethoven birthed?	Number
How frequently are brain neurons substituted?	Number
When was Christ born?	Number
What geological period do we inhabit?	Number
Of kids between the ages of two and eleven, what portion view "The Simpsons"?	Number
What is the warmth for baking?	Number
What was the goal rate for M3 expansion in 1992 ?	Number
When was Babe Ruth birthed ?	Number
How ancient is the sun?	Number
When did the supercontinent Pangaea fragment?	Number
How many letters constitute a term for typing assessment purposes?	Number
What is Dick Clark's birthdate?	Number
How long does it require the moon to orbit around the Earth?	Number
How many characters appear with the digits 2 to 9 on a telephone keypad?	Number
When did Gothic art and design thrive?	Number
How many canines haul a sled in the Iditarod?	Number
What sum of cash did the Philippine former dictator Marcos embezzle from the treasury?	Number
Approximately how many troops perished in World War II?	Number
What does Elysian denote?	Description
Why did the Globe Theatre ignite down?	Description
How does the appendage impact the aerodynamics of a banner?	Description
How can anyone ascertain if a female had sexual encounters?	Description
What is verbal intercourse?	Description
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Description
How can I track my ancestry origins?	Description
What is `` feline claw illness '' ?	Description
What is the timeline of the hairdryer?	Description
What transpired during the Long Journey?	Description
What was the verdict in the court case of Lizzie Borden?	Description
What is chromatics?	Description
What is the distinction between microprocessors & microcontrollers?	Description
What baseball phrase originated from the maritime term for vessels navigating between the Atlantic and Pacific prior to the Panama Canal?	Description
Why are lions referred to as `` Monarch of the Jungle '' ?	Description
What triggers canker ulcers in the mouth?	Description
What are Fortune 500 corporations?	Description
What is the source of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	Description
What will a compass perform in outer cosmos?	Description
What is trade mathematics?	Description
What is Compaq's purpose statement?	Description
How is the element strontium refined?	Description
What is a `` recurring voter '' ?	Description
Why did numerous San Diego institutions eliminate apples from pupils' menus?	Description
Why does a woman need to be a maiden to be a nun?	Description
What is the English definition of caliente?	Description
What are some kids' entitlements?	Description
What is diffusion?	Description
How does a ice mass develop?	Description
What is potassium nitrate?	Description
What should you do to wed someone in prison?	Description
What is internet trade?	Description
What is deadrise, maritime, ?	Description
What is a Mexican hairless dog?	Description
What is the significance of the name Kathryn?	Description
How does a hydroelectric barrier operate?	Description
What are the seven lethal vices?	Description
What was the Lengthy Voyage in China?	Description
How can you represent time?	Description
What are bear and bull trends?	Description
How does Belle illustrate her being in Beauty and the Beast?	Description
What is the source of the term , JJ .	Description
Why do chemists operate on elevated levels?	Description
What are the brief- and extended-term impacts of underage alcohol consumption?	Description
Why do individuals grasp hands to exhibit friendliness?	Description
What is Franz Kafka's brief tale `` A Country Doctor '' attempting to convey to us ?	Description
How do you establish a citation page?	Description
What is the biblical importance of ` stones ' ?	Description
What is Toulmin logic?	Description
Why do commercial jets collide vs. gliding down?	Description
What more has the swastika signified?	Description
Why do lighting apparatuses fail to operate?	Description
How did the periods of the year acquire their title?	Description
Why is the cosmos flat, if it commenced by an explosion, shouldn't it be a sphere?	Description
What is acetaminophen?	Description
How do you eradicate woodpeckers?	Description
How do I fasten a necktie?	Description
How do they locate or select observers to an execution?	Description
How do you discover what is permitted to assert as a contribution for income tax objectives?	Description
Where did the term `` 86 '' derive from?	Description
How does an counting frame operate?	Description
What are the health purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	Description
What is molybdenum?	Description
What is the layout of the vessel Titanic?	Description
How does the velocity the magnet rotates in a generator influence the output of the generator?	Description
What is intended by blood SED pace ?	Description
What is the distinction between a fruit and a vegetable?	Description
What can I do to gain admission to an Ivy League institution?	Description
What is digitalis?	Description
Why did David Koresh request the FBI for a word processor?	Description
What is the Heart of London?	Description
Shea and Gould shut their Los Angeles branch for what cause?	Description
How do you toss a housewarming gathering?	Description
How does a little entrepreneur reach out to the Good Humor Ice Cream corporation to engage in commerce with them?	Description
What are the primary distinctions in the Catholic and Methodist faiths?	Description
How do you choose wine?	Description
What is light chocolate?	Description
What is the past of skateboarding?	Description
What occurred during the Blackhawk Native American conflict of 1832?	Description
How do you repair creaky floors?	Description
Define Sinn Fein.	Description
How can I obtain some complimentary technical details on Electric Vehicle?	Description
What is the source of U.S. Army sergeant's lines?	Description
Where did the nuptial ritual originate from?	Description
What is fiber in sustenance?	Description
What causes hamburgers flavor like steakburgers?	Description
What is Jane Goodall renowned for ?	Description
What is a urology specialist?	Description
Where did the phrase `` rule of thumb '' originate from ?	Description
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1, 000 in the early 1950's?	Description
Why do the varicella last so long?	Description
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday?	Description
What is the source of the atom?	Description
How does rabies transmit?	Description
What was a Mae West on a World War II warship?	Description
How do you purchase shares?	Description
What is the Olympic slogan?	Description
How is Easter Sunday 's date decided ?	Description
What does tempest wave signify in Japanese ?	Description
How did the bikini swimwear acquire its title?	Description
What should you shout to summon a cab in Madrid?	Description
What do sharp letters signify to a handwriting evaluator?	Description
What does it signify `` Rupee Deteriorates '' ?	Description
How do they make Teflon adhere to the skillet?	Description
How does Cos Cob, CT receive its moniker?	Description
What is Cabernet Sauvignon?	Description
How can I search for someone’s email address on the web?	Description
How is silk printing conducted?	Description
What is workplace automation?	Description
What is the function of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard?	Description
What is a gas discharge incident?	Description
Where did the designation root beer originate from?	Description
What is the significance of Jesus?	Description
How do I set up a tile flooring?	Description
What is Candlemas Day?	Description
How is a hydrogen apparatus different from a nuclear detonator?	Description
What occurred to Pepsi Clear?	Description
How is water processed to make it secure to consume?	Description
What issues contributed to the elevated failure rate of Plains cultivators in the 1800s?	Description
What 's an lodge in France ?	Description
What is the filmmakers cooperative?	Description
What are freight carriages?	Description
What is literary analysis?	Description
What is the source of the term Ozymandias?	Description
What is the source of the name Katie?	Description
How do I locate details about rice exporters in the globe?	Description
What is the Kashmir dilemma?	Description
What do you perform when your cursor is n't operating as quickly as it 's intended to?	Description
What is a metric ton?	Description
How can I locate a catalog of , fax and or electronic mail , addresses for human resource divisions in Massachusetts ?	Description
What does the Greek word polis denote, as in Minneapolis?	Description
How was the Kennedy wealth accumulated?	Description
Why does a doughnut have a gap in it?	Description
What do bee colonies do in cranberry marshes?	Description
How do ants mate?	Description
What is the sole contemporary tongue that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun?	Entity
What bourbon is `` acknowledged by the colleagues it keeps '' ?	Entity
What illness did August von Wassermann create a particular exam for in 196?	Entity
What struggle observed confrontations at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?	Entity
Identify a product that regulates the maturation of apples.	Entity
What is the tiniest object observed under the most potent microscope, and how large is it?	Entity
What is `` the creature of beverages '' ?	Entity
Which computer operating platform is on the majority of computers?	Entity
What are the 7 divisions of the constitution?	Entity
What movie dog is interred in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris?	Entity
What 's the title of a golf club in Myrtle Beach ?	Entity
A corgi is a variety of what?	Entity
What is a fear of thunder?	Entity
What character shows on the chilled-water faucet in Spain?	Entity
What hue Poker token is typically designated the lowest worth?	Entity
What ability has the silkworm butterfly sacrificed through farming?	Entity
In what volume can I locate the tale of Aladdin?	Entity
What tune placed James Taylor in the spotlight?	Entity
What does Visine eliminate out ?	Entity
What is a dread of youngsters?	Entity
What does spit comprise of ?	Entity
What is stored in Fort Knox that is so precious?	Entity
What are two vegetation types that garments are crafted from?	Entity
What group is classified as the bourgeoisie ?	Entity
What typical farm animals have the greatest diversity of types?	Entity
What is a fear of night or darkness?	Entity
What does a cook coddle eggs in?	Entity
What type of schooling do I require to become a flight attendant?	Entity
What was the title of the sphere game played by the Mayans?	Entity
What coveralls are named for Dungri, a district of Bombay?	Entity
Who were John F. Kennedy's canines?	Entity
What hue is `` ash '' ?	Entity
Which two items utilize a tiger as their emblem?	Entity
What does a phobic performer endure from?	Entity
What is the process called for boring a hole in your cranium to attain a greater awareness?	Entity
What is the proper method to utilize `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	Entity
What was the name of the apparatus in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?	Entity
What five-time champion of the Kentucky Derby lost his initial 25 races?	Entity
What armament is the legendary figure Apollo most skilled with?	Entity
What was the eighth day after the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar termed?	Entity
What 's contained in jeroboams ?	Entity
What shade of dry vino should be offered with veal roasts and pieces?	Entity
What are the rituals accompanying the circumcision of an infant in Judaism called?	Entity
What flora are located in an estuary?	Entity
What is the optimal method to journey in Japan?	Entity
What is the verdant variety of beryl named?	Entity
What conceal-and-seek game is played around a metal container?	Entity
What do cooks refer to The Master Seasoning?	Entity
What item showcases a frog that utters `` dig 'em '' ?	Entity
What novel games are accessible for Nintendo 64?	Entity
What movie was Jude Law in?	Entity
Which foods possess vitamin B12?	Entity
What English term comprises the most characters?	Entity
What type of guitar did Jimi Hendrix use?	Entity
What is extensively utilized to identify congenital anomalies?	Entity
Identify the ship utilized by the Atari Force in the DC comics.	Entity
What was the title of the `` Little Rascals '' pooch?	Entity
Which everyday newspaper will `` assist you in perceiving better across the USA ''?	Entity
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the initial vocal cowboy in?	Entity
In the Miller Lite television advertisement, who is the being?	Entity
What Kennedy was wed to Ethel?	Entity
In what faith was Isis the earth goddess?	Entity
What George Harrison tune resembled too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons?	Entity
What is a great book to peruse for individuals who despise to read?	Entity
What was the title of Hitler's failed effort to topple the Bavarian administration in Munich in 1923?	Entity
What type of rocket propelled the Surveyor spacecraft?	Entity
What is the word for a flock of geese?	Entity
Where does your hair develop the quickest?	Entity
What metal do copper and tin create?	Entity
What 's been the downfall of numerous a unfortunate lad in New Orleans ?	Entity
What two creatures are specifically referenced as being in Noah's Ark?	Entity
What television channel did Mary Richards serve for?	Entity
What verse includes the line, `` age together with me the finest is yet to come '' .	Entity
What Shakespearean drama showcased Shylock?	Entity
What are the serpents of New England?	Entity
What shades make up a rainbow?	Entity
What is the highest selling computer model of all eternity?	Entity
What were the accomplishments of Richard Nixon?	Entity
What chocolate confection crafted by Frank Mars and his partner is frequently called a Milky Way with nuts?	Entity
What is the most renowned German term in the English tongue?	Entity
What type of suit did genuine hepcats don in 1942?	Entity
What harvest failure caused the Irish Hunger?	Entity
What is Ray Bradbury's illustrated man decorated with?	Entity
What does a pallid-faced eidologist seek out the presence of ?	Entity
What compound in red wine is beneficial for the heart and what precisely does it do to your body?	Entity
What is the primary component of yogurt?	Entity
What do contrary surfaces of a die always sum to?	Entity
Which is the biggest timepiece, diameter wise, in Europe?	Entity
What D.H. Lawrence book was initially named Tenderness?	Entity
What is currency composed of?	Entity
What 's a infant seal called?	Entity
Which creature has ended the most lives?	Entity
What did Benny Carter execute?	Entity
What 's the word for a creature that resides on or within another ?	Entity
What does NAFTA signify ?	Expression
What does S.O.S. denote?	Expression
What does IOC denote?	Expression
What do the letters D.C. denote in Washington, D.C.?	Expression
What is DEET?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for the National Bureau of Inquiry?	Expression
In a computer, what does SCSI signify?	Expression
What is the abbreviated form for Original Equipment Manufacturer?	Expression
What does BMW signify?	Expression
Who was the primary witness at the Senate Watergate investigations?	Human
Who fired and ended his life while creating Wheatfield with Crows?	Human
What suburban housewife and mother of three penned The Feminine Mystique?	Human
What are the initial names of Rowan and Martin, the luminaries of TV's Laugh-In?	Human
Which Japanese automobile manufacturer had its largest portion of sales in the home market?	Human
What is Michael Jackson's middle moniker?	Human
What was the enterprise of the animated Sky Hawks?	Human
What reporter can be located in and around Walden Pond?	Human
Which Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford promote for?	Human
Who conducted the biggest cocaine capture in Ventura County history?	Human
Who secured the rugby title in ?	Human
Who was the eldest U.S. leader?	Human
Identify the five roles that are in the order of succession to the presidency.	Human
What is the surname of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	Human
What was American folk legend John Chapman 's moniker ?	Human
What engagements secretary to Richard Nixon went to prison?	Human
Who is the mathematician that obtained the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1950?	Human
Who is Desmond Tutu?	Human
Which of the subsequent renowned individuals does not create art as a pastime?	Human
What performer first represented James Bond?	Human
Who conducts data gathering in tourism?	Human
What English doctor was born on January 18, 1779 and proceeded to develop two significant inventions?	Human
Who constructed Stonehenge?	Human
Which radio station did Paul Harvey serve for?	Human
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage?	Human
What cigar-smoking comedian remarked: `` You 're merely as aged as the lady you touch '' ?	Human
Who represented Fatman in the television series, `` Jake and the Heavyman '' ?	Human
Ascertain Dick Tracy's two heirs.	Human
What is the designation of the firm that manufactures Spumante?	Human
Who is Nicolo Paganini?	Human
Who was Charles Lindbergh's spouse?	Human
What was the title of the initial Watergate special investigator, subsequently dismissed by Nixon?	Human
What two leaders commanded the troops in the Battle of El Alamein?	Human
Who invented the tooth brush?	Human
What Argentine pugilist was gunned down outside a Nevada whorehouse in May?	Human
What renowned crooning cowboy possesses the California Angels baseball squad?	Human
What is an individual termed that enjoys flames?	Human
What Honeymooners performer did Television publication designate as 1953's most promising celebrity?	Human
Who helmed the initial Woody Woodpecker animation?	Human
What performer was the initial male to feature on the cover of McCall's?	Human
Who is the most alluring woman in the globe?	Human
What institution possesses a Security Council?	Human
Who was the writer of the book `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	Human
Who portrayed Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Series?	Human
What was the title of the Titanic's commander?	Human
Who was the attorney who represented Randy Steven Craft?	Human
What are the sole competitors qualified to tally points in Roller Derby referred to?	Human
Who designed London Bridge?	Human
What kin of Leo Tolstoy rendered War and Peace eight times?	Human
Which Pacific nations inhabit New Zealand?	Human
Who was the Charlie fragrance woman?	Human
What baseball squad proprietor and mariner is recognized as The Mouth of the South?	Human
Who built Big Ben?	Human
What designation did Suzette Charles take for two months in 1984?	Human
What Japanese producer is recognized for both its keyboards and its motorbikes?	Human
Who was the creator of goofy putty?	Human
What comic of television's golden era went by the slogan `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	Human
What is the Norse Royal's original title?	Human
Who discovered fictional figures?	Human
Who created the Fantastic Four, Hulk, and Thor?	Human
What role did John Peter Zenger perform in the advancement of the newspaper in America?	Human
What was the actual name of author Ross Macdonald, originator of the protagonist Lew Archer?	Human
Who was the writer of `` John Brown 's Corpse '' ?	Human
What Indian clan is F Troop continually fighting with?	Human
Which baseball athlete was recognized as Charley Hustle?	Human
Where did Gulliver discover a tribe of miniature individuals?	Location
What desert has been called The Orchard of God?	Location
Where do lobsters favor to inhabit?	Location
Which nation in 1998 had the highest number of suicides irrespective of population magnitude?	Location
In which county is Eckley Colorado?	Location
Where is Montenegro situated?	Location
What nation are you in if you court in the Wu dialect?	Location
What sea encircles the Maldive Isles?	Location
Where does Buzz Aldrin desire to construct a permanent, crewed space platform?	Location
What are the top 5 highest structures in the globe?	Location
What nation features Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle, and Blair Castle?	Location
Which state in the United States encompasses the largest expanse?	Location
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific?	Location
Where does the tune Anything Goes occur?	Location
Where can I locate the lyrics for the tune ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	Location
What are the biggest libraries in the USA?	Location
Which nations gain the most from travel?	Location
What mountain chain is crossed by the tallest railway in the globe?	Location
What is the biggest shopping complex in the globe?	Location
What U.S. metropolis 's skyline features the Gateway Arch ?	Location
Where have the most dinosaur fossils been discovered?	Location
What country claims the most obstacles?	Location
What river is Windsor Fortress on?	Location
What ocean did the Romans refer to as mare nostrum?	Location
What is the geographical core of the US including Alaska and Hawaii?	Location
Where did the Maya populace reside?	Location
What nation 's capital is Lagos ?	Location
Where is Glasgow situated?	Location
Which nation was Hitler the leader of?	Location
What is the title of the town that Maurizio Pellegrin resides in?	Location
What nation is situated at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude?	Location
What southwestern area is dubbed The Silver State?	Location
Where were the 196 Summer Games conducted?	Location
What renowned river was Hernando de Soto the initial European to observe?	Location
What two nations are connected by the Brenner Pass?	Location
Which sea is the largest in the globe?	Location
Where can I locate the diagrams to the windshield wiper system?	Location
Where is Poe's natal place?	Location
Where is the Henry Ford Gallery?	Location
What is the biggest lake in North America?	Location
Where is the biggest postal facility in the globe?	Location
On what stream is Rome constructed?	Location
What metropolis is the backdrop for Puccini's opera La Boheme?	Location
Where are some outstanding educational materials for guardians and teachers?	Location
What nation was General Douglas McArthur in when he was summoned by President Truman?	Location
Identify an art museum in New York.	Location
Which nation in Latin America is the biggest one?	Location
Where do hyenas reside?	Location
What is the title of the nation which Hitler governed?	Location
What renowned London criminal tribunal was once a medieval fortress?	Location
Where can I locate comprehensive information about Manchukuo?	Location
What metropolis acquired fame for its pea-soup mists?	Location
What bay separates Maryland's Eastern and Western Coasts?	Location
Where is the enormous North Korean nuclear facility situated?	Location
Where did the 6th yearly gathering of Indonesia-Malaysia forestry specialists occur?	Location
Where can a person get a contact lens examined that scorched the entire surface of the eye when fresh?	Location
What nation 's banner is field green ?	Location
What are all the southern regions of the United States?	Location
What arena do the Miami Dolphins host their home matches in?	Location
Where can I locate an image of a Blue Meanie?	Location
What are the biggest breweries in the globe?	Location
What is the holy river of India?	Location
What are the five wealthiest nations in the globe?	Location
Which nation is recognized as `` Big Bear '' ?	Location
What nation has proclaimed one-fifth of its land inaccessible to Russians?	Location
Which nation possesses the harbor of Haifa?	Location
Where is the Circuitry?	Location
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris?	Location
Where is Sinn Fein's center?	Location
Where is the viaduct over the stream Kwai?	Location
What metropolis is occasionally referred to as The Athens of Switzerland?	Location
What human-created channels is 1.76 miles lengthy?	Location
What nation has been referred to as The Queen of the Antilles?	Location
What is the biggest isle in the Mediterranean Sea?	Location
Where did the ukulele come from?	Location
Where did the actual St. Nicholas reside?	Location
What metropolis does McCarren Airport cater to?	Location
Where can I locate all the details I require to understand about the English Civil War, 1642-1649?	Location
Where can I peruse about Abraham Lincoln?	Location
What is the biggest county by size in Massachusetts?	Location
What two European nations entered the Struggle of American Freedom against the British?	Location
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable cell be recharged?	Number
How many individuals perished on D-Day?	Number
How many education districts are there in the United States?	Number
How much power is emitted when oxygen and hydrogen combine?	Number
How distant is London UK from California?	Number
How many in miles is a ten kilometer race?	Number
How long does it require for Spider-Man's web to dissipate?	Number
What is the likelihood that at least 2 out of 25 individuals will share the same birthday?	Number
What is the all-time stock peak of Apple Inc., and where can I locate this data?	Number
How long should you nourish your puppy Purina Puppy Chow?	Number
What proportion of kids aged between two and eleven view ` The Simpsons ' ?	Number
When was the conflict of the Somme fought?	Number
What is the populace of Kansas?	Number
How long does a mosquito live?	Number
When were video players launched in Malaysia?	Number
How frequently are neural cells substituted?	Number
When was the helix devised?	Number
How many individuals in America snore?	Number
In what year was the artillery invented?	Number
How many electoral college ballots does Colorado possess?	Number
How many times a year does the American Squash Society issue The Gourd?	Number
What 's the populace of Mississippi ?	Number
When was the initial flush commode created?	Number
What is the chemical activity of neon ?	Number
How much cash can an individual be penalized for having a canine on a shore?	Number
When did the art of quilting begin?	Number
How many edges does a heptangle possess?	Number
On what date were John F and Jackie Kennedy wed?	Number
When is Dick Clark's commemoration?	Number
How many Jews were killed in internment camps during WWII?	Number
How many years of schooling after secondary education does it necessitate to become a neurosurgeon?	Number
How many feet lengthy is a baseball thrower's rubber?	Number
What is the chemical activity of helium?	Number
How far do you need to jog if you strike a home run?	Number
How many months does it require the moon to orbit around the Earth?	Number
What is the airstrip code for Los Angeles International?	Number
How ancient is Jeremy Piven ?	Number
When did the regal nuptials of Prince Andrew and Fergie occur?	Number
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on vessels acquired?	Number
What will the California fuel tax be in the year 2000?	Number
How many Canadians migrate each year?	Number
How many naughts are there in a trillion?	Number
How aged is too aged for a child to not be speaking?	Number
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina?	Number
How much will petrol be billed in California by the year 2000?	Number
What is the typical size of a penis for a 15-year-old?	Number
How many woods enter into paper production in a year?	Number
What are the measurements of pearl necklaces?	Number
How long is the globe's largest vessel, in meters?	Number
What does an average childcare provider make in New England?	Number
In which year did China and the Republic of Korea form diplomatic ties?	Number
How many lifts do you travel to reach the upper level of the Empire State Building?	Number
Which century is the backdrop for TV's The Escapades of Robin Hood?	Number
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts?	Number
How many types of ice cream does Howard Johnson's provide?	Number
How much folate should an expectant mother receive daily?	Number
How much would it expense to acquire a 2-foot-square celebration tent, with sides?	Number
What quantity of American troops stay unrecorded from the Vietnam conflict?	Number
How many films has Drew Barrymore appeared in?	Number
When did Aldous Huxley compose, `` Brave New Realm ''?	Number
What is the populace of Arcadia, Florida?	Number
What is the populace of Ohio?	Number
What is the present ticket price from Cairo to Barbados?	Number
What month, day, and year did Charles I perish?	Number
What is the populace of Mozambique?	Number
By how much will the California state fuel tax increase by the year 2000?	Number
What are the odds of bringing forth a set of twins?	Number
In 1990, what day of the weekday did Christmas land on?	Number
What is the price of a solitary ton of concrete?	Number
What is the price of medications to address tuberculosis?	Number
What is the price of the medications utilized in tuberculosis therapies?	Number
How many individuals resided in Nebraska in the mid 1900s?	Number
What is the typical age a horse survives?	Number
What year did nylon hosiery first become available?	Number
How many square meters is Bill Gates' residence?	Number
When was Berlin's Brandenburg arch constructed?	Number
How many individuals does Honda hire in the U.S.?	Number
What 's the proportion of kids aged two through eleven who view ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	Number
What is the amount of American troops still unrecognized for from the Vietnam conflict?	Number
What is the incubation duration for human gestations?	Number
How many individuals reside in Chile?	Number
What season commences with the spring equinox?	Number
How many figures are employed to sketch a bow?	Number
When was the De Beers corporation established?	Number
How many furrows are there in a mile-and-a-quarter racetrack?	Number
What year did the initial edition of `` Playboy '' release ?	Number
How many pachyderms are remaining on planet earth?	Number
What was Thatcher's favorability rating after 10 years in authority?	Number
How many locations are there in the world?	Number
How many tongues does the Pope converse in?	Number
What was the original base wage?	Number
What 's an ideal score in a gymnastics routine ?	Number
What is the cost of tuberculosis therapy drugs?	Number
What is the swine population of the globe?	Number
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?	Number
Where does the U.S. stand among global nations in size?	Number
How long do you need to reside in a community to cast a vote?	Number
How many marks make up the symbol for `` since '' ?	Number
How many nipples does a female goat carry?	Number
What portion of the globe's drinkable water is located in Canada?	Number
How many individuals in the globe converse in French?	Number
How much cash does each participant receive at the commencement of the game in Monopoly?	Number
How long does it require the usual hen to produce 19 dozen eggs?	Number
When did Gothic art and design thrive?	Number
What is the mean income of a paleontologist?	Number
How many individuals have been Captain America?	Number
What is the typical date when most shopping centers commence installing Christmas festive decorations?	Number
What amount does the Chief Officer receive as compensation?	Number
How many individuals perished when the Estonia submerged in 1994?	Number
On which day is the Ukrainians' Yule?	Number
In what year did Hitler obtain control of Germany?	Number
What is Dick Clark's day of birth?	Number
What is an instance of a real case of utilizing the Fourteenth Amendment?	Description
What is the source of head lice?	Description
What is a gandy performer?	Description
Why do individuals in the upper peninsula of Michigan say `` eh ? '' ?	Description
What are some enjoyable activities to engage in Cozumel, Mexico for adolescents?	Description
What is a connection?	Description
How does a counting frame operate?	Description
What is Archimedes renowned for?	Description
How do you purify poorly tarnished brass?	Description
What produces thunder?	Description
What is a configuration?	Description
What is a fireworks exhibition?	Description
What is June's jewel?	Description
How can I halt or diminish aging?	Description
From what reason does tuberculosis arise?	Description
What is the financial effect of joblessness on the economy?	Description
Why are eggs meant to be kept small end down?	Description
How can you reach out to game developers and organizers on the web?	Description
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track?	Description
What would occur to Canada if Quebec detached?	Description
What is diabetes glucose disease?	Description
How did serfage evolve in and then exit Russia?	Description
Why does a woman need to be a maiden to be a nun?	Description
How do cameras capture images?	Description
What is Jane Goodall recognized for?	Description
What is the distinction between a generator and an alternator?	Description
What is the origin of the term `` pallbearer ? ''	Description
What is an Arab constraint?	Description
What is exchange arithmetic?	Description
What is cosmology?	Description
How do I determine if I’m jealous of someone?	Description
What is the definition of the Scrabble term ` syzygy ' ?	Description
How can an individual become a federal operative?	Description
What does palindromic signify?	Description
Where did the phrase `` 69 '' originate from ?	Description
How do you compose an accurate critical evaluation of a poem?	Description
What is domestic banking?	Description
How did the U.S. acquire the ownership of an empire in the aftermath of the Spanish-American War?	Description
What do you express to a companion who disregards you for other acquaintances?	Description
What is a nematode?	Description
How can I obtain someone's telephone number if I only possess their username?	Description
What is polished marble?	Description
What was the initial Funk 'N Lata, Brazilian band, triumph?	Description
What classification does the hue pink signify in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition?	Description
Why was Washington, DC initially named District of Columbia?	Description
What are the airborne pouches?	Description
What is the Amish faith?	Description
What is the historical connection of Catholic Church and lotto?	Description
What occurs to utilized engine oil?	Description
In Waugh's `` A Handful of Dirt , '' what does the insane elderly man compel the protagonist to do every evening ?	Description
What are the unique physical traits of the Arabian steed?	Description
What does Robert denote ?	Description
What is the significance of W.B. Yeat's poem, `` The Three Recluses ? ''	Description
Why are organ transplants more efficient today?	Description
How is plastic produced?	Description
Why do USA telecopy machines not function in UK, NNP?	Description
What is the source of gametophytic material?	Description
What is the essence of education?	Description
What are individuals doing to assist hinder the extinction of birds?	Description
What does the heading `` Anthony '' denote ?	Description
What is the distinction between a median and an average?	Description
What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart, and Howard K. Smith have in common?	Description
What is storage retention?	Description
What is a pelvic specialist?	Description
How do anti-skid brakes operate?	Description
Why are there 12 individuals on a jury in criminal matters?	Description
What does the term glory hole signify?	Description
What is the source of the term , JJ .	Description
Where did the phrase `` 86 '' originate from ?	Description
Why do women have to don training tops?	Description
What details can you obtain me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	Description
What is signified by the term `` yield to maturity '' in relation to bonds ?	Description
What 's an inn in France ?	Description
What is potassium nitrate?	Description
What is a dago?	Description
What transpired in dogtown in 1899 to cause that year recalled?	Description
How does interference relate to InSb thickness in infrared sensors?	Description
How do you compute the alteration in enthalpy of a chemical reaction?	Description
What is a geoscientist?	Description
What ever occurred to the formerly popular Yale Lock Corporation?	Description
What is the scriptural significance of ` rocks ' ?	Description
What 's the source of the term ` news ' ?	Description
Why does a wheel, e.g. a vehicle tire, seem to rotate in the contrary direction as it decelerates?	Description
What does the label Shawn denote?	Description
What are amaretto biscuits?	Description
What is Remembrance Day all concerning?	Description
What is typhoid illness?	Description
How can I contact a buddy in a different nation when I do not have the phone number?	Description
What is the extent of a sine wave?	Description
Why are the auricles your hub of equilibrium?	Description
Why do individuals shake hands to demonstrate amiability?	Description
How do you ascertain if a computer display has an SVGA connector?	Description
What induces pneumonia?	Description
What was the significance of Magellan?	Description
What was the assertion to renown of the soccer match that witnessed Fordham conquer Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939?	Description
Why is it termed `` hamburger '' if there is no pork in it ?	Description
What are Fortune 500 corporations?	Description
What do you need to accomplish to wed someone in prison?	Description
How is ` qigong ' correctly articulated ?	Description
Why is Indiglo named Indiglo?	Description
How do you eliminate bubblegum from carpet?	Description
What is so potent about Power Bars?	Description
What does verdant signify?	Description
What does the numeral 33 on the Rolling Rock lager container signify?	Description
How does a submersible function?	Description
How do I determine how much cash to set aside for retirement?	Description
Designate Spumante.	Description
How do I reach Answers.com directly?	Description
What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's literary contributions to English literature?	Description
What is the source of the atom?	Description
What is the source of gratitude notes?	Description
What is a semiconductor?	Description
What is an environmental function?	Description
What 's the municipal building in Frankfurt ?	Description
What is a sample of basidiomycetes?	Description
What traits contribute to its `` intellect '' ?	Description
What are Cobol, Fortran, and Pascal?	Description
What disclosure did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate panel?	Description
How is silk printing performed?	Description
Why do illumination devices malfunction?	Description
Why do you state `` God bless you '' when individuals sneeze ?	Description
Why are eerie properties trendy?	Description
What is hypertext?	Description
What is a comprehensive accord?	Description
What is a Advanced country?	Description
How does illumination move through the emptiness of space if there is no medium for it to ` oscillate ' or ` throb ' ?	Description
Why did the Shea & Gould legal practice depart Los Angeles?	Description
What impacts do nitrates have on the ecosystem?	Description
What is acetaminophen?	Description
What is Betsy Ross renowned for ?	Description
What is an individual's socioeconomic status?	Description
What is gymnophobia?	Description
What is the medical ailment of elevated blood pressure?	Description
Why were crimson M&Ms eliminated then reinstated?	Description
What is Olestra?	Description
What is a strip of land?	Description
What type of material is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Entity
What is a dread of hell?	Entity
Which excited palate first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers?	Entity
What are some great workouts for children to perform?	Entity
What is the sole vegetable that commences with `` z '' ?	Entity
What 's the stupidest tamed creature ?	Entity
What novel does Holden Caulfield show up in?	Entity
For what illness is the medication Sinemet utilized as a remedy?	Entity
What are the names of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games?	Entity
What J.R.R. Tolkien novel includes Gimli as a key character?	Entity
What automobiles are competed in the Tour de France?	Entity
Identify a soaring mammal.	Entity
What 's held in jeroboams ?	Entity
What is `` the flavor that surpasses the others chilly '' ?	Entity
What illness does Katharine Hepburn possess that causes her voice tremble?	Entity
What was the kind of Winnie the Pooh?	Entity
What creature received royal approval as a symbol of Canada on March 24, 1975?	Entity
What kind was Winnie the Pooh?	Entity
Determine a Salt Lake City periodical.	Entity
What is `` the marvelous American family cereal '' ?	Entity
What does a forge worker put footwear on?	Entity
What were the ritual customs like during the Elizabethan era?	Entity
Which hair treatment item informed us `` dislike that silver , cleanse it off '' ?	Entity
What 's the most prevalent non-infectious illness in the globe ?	Entity
What edibles encompass vitamin B12?	Entity
What Peter Blatty book narrates the terrors of Regan MacNeil's possession by the demon?	Entity
What are the different methods in which one can gauge IT User Contentment Level?	Entity
What is the top-selling novel of all time?	Entity
What do flatfish consume?	Entity
What was the title of Betty Boop's pooch?	Entity
What "sorcery" does Mandrake utilize?	Entity
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria permit to be utilized for the delivery of her seventh offspring, in 1853?	Entity
What 's the usual name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	Entity
What are some of Australia 's indigenous plants ?	Entity
What did Martin Luther attach on the church door at Wittenberg?	Entity
What is the most favored athletic vehicle hue?	Entity
What golfing equipment was trademarked by George Grant on December 12	Entity
What type of creature is Babar?	Entity
What is the electronic apparatus used to generate visual representations corresponding to electric signals?	Entity
What hair hue can I apply to merely conceal a little gray?	Entity
What hymn did John Steinbeck acquire his title The Grapes of Wrath from?	Entity
Which comic strip was never adapted into a Broadway musical?	Entity
What is the title of the substitute space shuttle?	Entity
What type of document has the extension .dbf ?	Entity
What are the seven marvels of the globe?	Entity
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu, meaning hide flame?	Entity
What was the initial English drama composed solely for youngsters?	Entity
Which is the most-used software program?	Entity
What are the various kinds of plastic?	Entity
What merchandise 's advertisements assert that it `` eradicates smells , destroys domestic bacteria , fungus , and mildew '' ?	Entity
What is a tongue spoken by the Sioux?	Entity
What is the globe's top selling biscuit?	Entity
What post-dinner delicacy was created in 1916 at the George Jung pasta factory in Los Angeles?	Entity
What wired armament ejects a projectile?	Entity
What must be established in a writ of habeas corpus?	Entity
What is a term whose characters can be rearranged to create a distinct word?	Entity
Which mammal resides, reproduces, consumes, and rests subterranean?	Entity
What was the title of the American vessel destroyed by a mine in Havana port, provoking the Spanish-American conflict?	Entity
What do you term a segment of your digit from one joint to another?	Entity
What is April's jewel?	Entity
Which racehorse triumph in an Associated Press survey as the finest horse of the 20th century?	Entity
What is the title of the Michelangelo artwork that depicts two hands with digits touching?	Entity
