Which television station was Mary Richards employed by?	Entity
Which animal produces longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse?	Entity
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known for?	Entity
What was the main rival format to VHS?	Entity
Which weapon does the mythological figure Apollo excel in using?	Entity
Which movie concludes with the phrase: "This is Mrs. Norman Maine"?	Entity
Which mosquito's sting takes blood, DT NN CC DT NN.	Entity
What is the correct method to utilize `` may '' in comparison to `` might '' ?	Entity
Which story conveys the lesson: "Those who desire everything end up with nothing"?	Entity
What is a term that can have its characters rearranged to create another term?	Entity
Which soda not only has its own video game but was also included in its own Marvel comic book?	Entity
What race has a length of 1,137 miles?	Entity
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called?	Entity
What is the French name for La Manche?	Entity
Which comic book was not adapted directly from the pulp magazines?	Entity
What were the name of the trials that took place after World War II?	Entity
What does a phobophobe fear?	Entity
What is the title of a language used by the Sioux?	Entity
What is the name of the green type of beryl?	Entity
Which struggle did the Spanish partake in that extended to the Philippines?	Entity
What is an alternative name for aspartame?	Entity
What is the title of the American literary period that encompasses the year 1896?	Entity
What is the name of the biggest water management initiative in China?	Entity
What is a phobia of movement?	Entity
Which album had The Beatles on the front of Time magazine in 1967?	Entity
Which book begins with: `` In a particular village in La Mancha, which I will not specify... ''?	Entity
What creature moves on four legs, then on two legs, and finally on three?	Entity
What two bodily areas keep growing over the course of your lifetime?	Entity
What was the significance of a California prayer book for a gambler in the Old West?	Entity
Which of the following is considered a true berry: blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, or strawberry?	Entity
What kind of athletic team are the Wisconsin Badgers?	Entity
Which sport includes slotbacks, tailbacks, and touchbacks?	Entity
What is the meaning of `` B.Y.O.B. '' ?	Expression
What is the meaning of G.M.T.?	Expression
What is the short form for trinitrotoluene?	Expression
What is the meaning of LMDS?	Expression
What is the meaning of U.S.S.R.?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for the National Bureau of Investigation?	Expression
What is the meaning of IBM?	Expression
What is the meaning of e.g.?	Expression
What does a `` USB '' port on a computer refer to?	Expression
Who resides at 24 Sussex Drive, Ottawa?	Human
Who was the lyricist and who acted as the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan?	Human
Who stated: `` I believe I shall venture out and milk the elk '' ?	Human
Name the Marvel group that is somewhat influenced by DC's Justice League of America?	Human
Who wrote the book, "The Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher"?	Human
Who directed the portrayal of the commandant at the POW camp in the 1953 film Stalag 17?	Human
Who portrayed the role of the Godfather in the film, ` The Godfather ' ?	Human
Who was the 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 who became the first artist to receive an Oscar for portraying a character of another gender?	Human
Who designed Central Park?	Human
Which company began by producing pies but eventually transitioned to making plastic throwing toys?	Human
Which biography, authored by Maurice Zolotow, bears the title Shooting Star?	Human
Who is considered the envoy for the Muslim community?	Human
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the progression of newspapers in America?	Human
Which well-known comic strip character passed away due to acne?	Human
Whose pantry was empty?	Human
Locate a woman who practices figure skating.	Human
Who was William Henry Harrison?	Human
What is meant by `` the airline intended for business travelers ''?	Human
Which President told Gene Autry: “Please convey my greetings to your wife Dale”?	Human
Which Chilean leader was assassinated during the coup d'état in 1973?	Human
Name the Ranger who relentlessly chased after Yogi Bear.	Human
Which author who won the Pulitzer Prize attempted to run for mayor of New York City?	Human
What is the concealed identity of comic strip photographer Peter Parker?	Human
Which actress did Bette Davis say she wanted to look like?	Human
Who played a role in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun?	Human
Which American secured the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978?	Human
Who wrote the most famous diary in the English language?	Human
Who was the director of `` Jaws '' ?	Human
Which companies in Alaska were impacted by the Exxon Valdez oil spill?	Human
Who was in charge of the opposition during Konrad Adenauer's time as Chancellor in Germany?	Human
Who asserted that he was the world's most flawlessly-developed individual?	Human
Which suburban homemaker and mother of three authored The Feminine Mystique?	Human
Which university has produced the highest number of quarterbacks who have won the Super Bowl?	Human
Which fool was awarded an honorary degree by Northwestern University?	Human
Which artist became well-known for making soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes famous?	Human
Which school does Tom go to in Tom Brown's School Days?	Human
Who provides the weather updates on the `` Good Morning America '' TV program?	Human
Who posed the melodic inquiry: `` Have you ever visited Electric Ladyland? ''	Human
Which is the best online business to start?	Human
Who was Thucydides?	Human
To which organization was Mr. Waverly designated representatives for?	Human
Who directed and edited the film Big featuring Tom Hanks?	Human
Who served as President of Costa Rica in the year 1994?	Human
Who was the target of Sara Jane Moore's assassination attempt?	Human
Who was the founder of the Domino's Pizza franchise?	Human
What is the name of the winner of Miss India 1994?	Human
Who portrays the police officer in the film `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	Human
Who is regarded as the First Lady of the American Theater?	Human
Which vocalist became dejected after the passing of Freddie Prinze, left the entertainment industry, and subsequently exited the profession?	Human
Who was Dita Beard employed by?	Human
To whom is Karenna Gore, the oldest daughter of Al Gore, wed?	Human
Who created the piece titled `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon ''?	Human
Who runs the cherished tavern of Andy Capp?	Human
Who was the initial Russian cosmonaut to perform a spacewalk?	Human
Identify the Old West bounty hunter recognized for his marked face.	Human
What is the name of the kid that Popeye took in as his son?	Human
Identify the two actress daughters of John Mills.	Human
Who does Honey, Uncle Duke's girlfriend, share a room with?	Human
Who gave King Arthur the round table?	Human
Identify a musical group that gained popularity in the 1960s.	Human
What was the name of the chef on Rawhide?	Human
Which university dismissed Angela Davis?	Human
At which university did Wilson serve as president Woodrow?	Human
Who is the current mayor of Marbella?	Human
Who was the inventor of the game of bowling?	Human
In what place can Amsterdam be found?	Location
Which New England state has the telephone area code 27?	Location
Which ocean encircles the Madeira Islands?	Location
Where was the actual residence of St. Nicholas?	Location
What is the name of the world that the Ewoks inhabit?	Location
In which U.S. city does the skyline showcase the Gateway Arch?	Location
What are the sights worth visiting in Reims?	Location
Where can I find a perpetual calendar?	Location
What neighboring nation is located immediately to the north of Costa Rica?	Location
Which cities are the top five most costly in the world?	Location
Where are the Union Stockyards located?	Location
Where can I find details about the book `` El Cid ''?	Location
Which islands derive their name from the Spanish term baja mar, signifying shallow water?	Location
Which nation is renowned for Persian carpets?	Location
Which city in Kenya serves as the safari hub for East Africa?	Location
Where is the location of the Keck telescope?	Location
Which nation did Hitler serve as chancellor of?	Location
Where can I locate illustrated instructions for constructing a very basic treehouse?	Location
Which nations possess the most skilled math students?	Location
Which constellation contains the twin brothers Castor and Pollux?	Location
What South American city hosts the renowned Copacabana Beach and Ipanema?	Location
Where can I locate details regarding Chiang Kai-shek?	Location
Where can I locate information and figures regarding countries and nations?	Location
In what nation is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum?	Location
Which nation was invaded by the Allies during World War II's Operation Avalanche?	Location
Which European nation discontinued postage stamps in 1923 due to the cost of producing them exceeding their face value?	Location
In which location did the explorer Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, originally from Prussia, obtain his schooling?	Location
In which locations have the highest number of dinosaur fossils been discovered?	Location
What is currently the largest and costliest freeway construction project in the U.S.?	Location
Where can I locate a site that offers Ask An Expert services?	Location
Which Caribbean island is situated to the northeast of Trinidad?	Location
In what city in North America can you visit Cleopatra's Needle?	Location
Which state has the highest population of Indians?	Location
Which nation will reach the year 2 first?	Location
Which mountainous area in the world is the Lhasa Apso breed from?	Location
What is the capital city of California?	Location
Where did the phrase `` I have fallen, and I can't get up '' first appear?	Location
Which heavily populated state spans 49,576 square miles?	Location
Which city serves as the starting point for ascents of Mount Everest?	Location
Which peak is recognized as the tallest in the world?	Location
In which location can the headquarters of Eli Lilly be found?	Location
Which is the biggest U.S. state located to the east of the Mississippi?	Location
In which state can Niagara Falls be found?	Location
Which river does Pocahontas recline beside?	Location
What was the highest mountain on Earth before the discovery of Mount Everest?	Location
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi?	Location
Which two nations have the Khyber Pass in common?	Location
Where does most of the marijuana that enters the United States come from?	Location
What mountain range is crossed by the highest railway on the planet?	Location
Which Southeast Asian nation has the Wang River merging with the Ping River in Tak?	Location
Which nation did Erich Honecker serve as the leader of?	Location
In which locations are diamonds extracted?	Location
What river flows past Windsor Castle?	Location
Which region yields the coffee that has the least acidity?	Location
What North American city possesses the greatest quantity of parking meters?	Location
From which place does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas originate?	Location
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span?	Location
What is the best website for hiking?	Location
Which capital city in Scandinavia is built on nine islands connected by bridges?	Location
In which part of the Bible is it mentioned about the siblings of Jesus Christ?	Location
Which were the initial celestial bodies explored by spacecraft?	Location
What is the ideal location to reside in globally, taking into account weather and society?	Location
Which continent features the name in the upper left corner of a Budweiser label?	Location
Where was the 6th annual gathering of forest specialists from Indonesia and Malaysia held?	Location
In which country would you go to ski in the Dolomites?	Location
What is George Lucas's e-mail address?	Location
Which nation was the earliest to employ the airplane as a weapon in warfare, targeting the Turks in Libya?	Location
Which county holds the largest land area in Massachusetts?	Location
In which continent are the greatest number of roses located?	Location
What cathedral is recognized as the largest in the world?	Location
Could you let me know which city is near the Kentucky Horse Park?	Location
Where can I find Webster University?	Location
Where is Burma situated?	Location
In which nation did King Gustav V rule from 197 to 195?	Location
Where did Sarge Steel obtain his metallic hand?	Location
What famous river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see?	Location
Which of the Great Lakes exists completely within U.S. boundaries?	Location
Where can I locate the complete written draft of the CTBT?	Location
Where did Gulliver discover a civilization of small individuals?	Location
What explodes every hour at Yellowstone National Park?	Location
Where can I find the Kentucky Horse Park?	Location
What year was the construction of the Hoover Dam completed?	Number
At what age did Stevie Wonder sign with Motown Records?	Number
How much was Joe Namath's initial contract valued at?	Number
What is the calorie content in soy sauce?	Number
In which year did CNN start its broadcasting?	Number
How many people live in Tucson?	Number
What is the total number of names used for Eskimo people?	Number
What is the horsepower power output of the shuttle boosters?	Number
What was the initial minimum wage?	Number
What is the recommended daily intake of folic acid for a pregnant woman?	Number
What are the unemployment figures for the years 1965 and 1990?	Number
What was the number of votes in Congress that opposed the declaration of war with Japan in 1941?	Number
When did Yemen become unified?	Number
What is the total number of bones present in the human hand?	Number
What is the caffeine content in a 16-ounce cup of coffee?	Number
When was the last time Mount Vesuvius erupted?	Number
What was the number of men who perished while constructing the Mackinaw Bridge?	Number
What was Gene Siskel's age?	Number
What is the distance in inches between neighboring pins in tenpin bowling?	Number
What is the number of teaspoons that correspond to a tablespoon?	Number
How many stars can be found in the Big Dipper?	Number
What is the total number of apple varieties?	Number
How fast is a 45MHz processor?	Number
What is the actual size of the universe?	Number
What is Bernadette Peters' age?	Number
What is the weight of a teaspoon of material inside a black hole?	Number
In what year was the movie "Jaws" created?	Number
In his 21 seasons in the major leagues, how many times did pitcher Warren Spahn achieve a 20-win season?	Number
What is the typical size of a penis for a 15-year-old?	Number
What is the duration of residency required in a community to be eligible to vote?	Number
What is the duration for your blood to complete one full circuit through the body?	Number
When did the art of quilting begin?	Number
What is the equivalent value in US dollars for 8 British pounds?	Number
What is the phone number for Columbia Tristar?	Number
What is the total count of colored squares present on a Rubik's Cube?	Number
When did CNN start its broadcasting?	Number
How much horsepower do the shuttle boosters have?	Number
When did Spain and Korea initiate diplomatic relations?	Number
How much time did it require for Stanley to locate Livingstone?	Number
When was the wedding of Princess Diana and Prince Charles?	Number
What is the number of acres in a mile?	Number
What is the number of cards given to every player in Gin Rummy?	Number
At what time do you sow winter wheat?	Number
What volume in cubic feet does a gallon of water take up?	Number
When did the thriving period of Rococo painting and architecture take place?	Number
What year did Iraq launch an invasion of Kuwait?	Number
What is the number of mines that can still be located in the Falklands after the conclusion of the war?	Number
What is the likelihood of conception if the penis does not enter the vagina?	Number
In September 1992, how many individuals did the United Nations pledge to assist in restoring order and providing humanitarian aid in Somalia?	Number
What date did John D. Rockefeller enter the world?	Number
What is the size of the Chappellet vineyard?	Number
What is the total number of websites present globally?	Number
In which season does the action of Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream take place?	Number
How many chart-topping singles did The Beatles have?	Number
What is the number of angles that have the same measure in an isosceles triangle?	Number
What is the total number of employees Honda has in the United States?	Number
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost?	Number
What is the number of officials that oversee a soccer game?	Number
What is the total number of lakes present on Earth?	Number
What is the typical expense for four years of medical education?	Number
What quantity of whole milk is required to produce a pound of butter?	Number
What is the currency conversion rate from Australian to American dollars?	Number
What is the number of inquiries saved in your database?	Number
What is the Fahrenheit equivalent for zero degrees Celsius?	Number
What is the highest fine someone could face for taking a dog onto a beach?	Number
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin put out its final album?	Number
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted for from the Vietnam conflict?	Number
What is the number of years that make up a lustrum?	Number
What was the price of a McDonald's hamburger in 1963?	Number
What is the greatest number of relatives that could be enlisted in the U.S. armed forces during World War II?	Number
When did the Calypso genre of music first emerge?	Number
What is the duration required for a typist to transcribe a screenplay that is 100 pages long?	Number
At what age is it deemed too late for a child to be unable to speak?	Number
In what year did De Gaulle assume the presidency of France?	Number
What is the number of thousands of students who enroll at the University of Massachusetts?	Number
When did the Carolingian era start?	Number
When was the last time Mount St. Helens experienced a significant eruption?	Number
What portion of silver production is ascribed to independent silversmiths?	Number
How many soldiers from America have lost their lives in service to their country so far?	Number
What year did the NFL get founded?	Number
When does the Bible suggest the start of the seasons?	Number
In which month did the Edmund Fitzgerald go down?	Number
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built?	Number
What is the diameter size of our galaxy?	Number
How long does an average human pregnancy last in months?	Number
What is the lifespan of hermit crabs?	Number
What is the total number of types of twins?	Number
What is the incubation period for cardinal eggs?	Number
What is the number of viewers for network television?	Number
When did Hurricane Hugo take place?	Number
In which year was the initial patent for the pull-tab can opener acquired?	Number
When does the Sun get closest to the Earth?	Number
When was the original Howdy Doody program terminated?	Number
What year did Dick Clark come into the world?	Number
When is Boxing Day?	Number
What is Beethoven's birth date?	Number
How often are brain cells replaced?	Number
In which year was Christ born?	Number
Which geological era are we presently in?	Number
What proportion of kids aged two to eleven watch "The Simpsons"?	Number
At what temperature is cooking recommended?	Number
What was the goal for M3 growth in 1992?	Number
What day signifies the beginning of Babe Ruth's life?	Number
What is the age of the sun?	Number
When did the supercontinent Pangaea separate?	Number
What is the character count that constitutes a word for typing assessment purposes?	Number
What is the date when Dick Clark was born?	Number
What is the duration of the moon's revolution around the Earth?	Number
What is the complete tally of letters associated with the digits 2 to 9 on a phone keypad?	Number
At what time did Gothic art and architecture thrive?	Number
What is the number of dogs that pull a sled in the Iditarod?	Number
What was the amount of money that former Philippine dictator Marcos siphoned off from the treasury?	Number
Approximately how many military personnel perished in World War II?	Number
What is the meaning of Elysium?	Description
What led to the Globe Theatre igniting?	Description
In what way does the tail influence the flight of a kite?	Description
How can someone ascertain if a woman participated in sexual intercourse?	Description
What is the meaning of cunnilingus?	Description
What exactly is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Description
What methods can I use to uncover my family heritage?	Description
What is meant by `` cat scratch fever ''?	Description
What is the background of the hairdryer?	Description
What occurred during the Long March?	Description
What was the outcome of the trial involving Lizzie Borden?	Description
What is the meaning of chromatology?	Description
What sets microprocessors apart from microcontrollers?	Description
Which baseball expression came from the maritime language used for ships traveling between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans prior to the building of the Panama Canal?	Description
What is the reason that lions are referred to as the "King of the Jungle"?	Description
What are the reasons for canker sores occurring in the mouth?	Description
What constitutes a Fortune 500 company?	Description
What is the source of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it?	Description
What is the way a compass operates in the vacuum of outer space?	Description
What is the meaning of swap math?	Description
What is Compaq's mission statement?	Description
In what manner is the element strontium refined?	Description
What is meant by the term `` repeating voter ''?	Description
What was the reason that numerous schools in San Diego eliminated apples from the menus for students?	Description
Why must a woman be a virgin to become a nun?	Description
What does caliente mean in English?	Description
What are some entitlements of minors?	Description
What is the meaning of osmosis?	Description
What is the process by which a glacier develops?	Description
What exactly is saltpeter?	Description
What steps must you take to wed someone incarcerated?	Description
What is the meaning of e-commerce?	Description
What is the meaning of deadrise in nautical terminology?	Description
What does it mean to be a Mexican hairless?	Description
What does the name Kathryn signify?	Description
In what way does a hydroelectric dam operate?	Description
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix missile?	Description
What are the seven mortal sins?	Description
What did the Long March in China refer to?	Description
How can you characterize time?	Description
What do bull and bear markets represent?	Description
In what way does Belle depict her existence in Beauty and the Beast?	Description
What is the source of the term , JJ .	Description
Why do pharmacists work on higher levels?	Description
What are the immediate and prolonged consequences of consuming alcohol at a young age?	Description
What is the reason behind people shaking hands as a gesture of friendliness?	Description
What does Franz Kafka's short story "A Country Doctor" communicate to us?	Description
What steps can you follow to make a bibliography page?	Description
What is the spiritual significance of `stones' in the Bible?	Description
What is meant by Toulmin logic?	Description
What causes airliners to crash rather than descend smoothly?	Description
What additional interpretations has the swastika signified?	Description
What makes light bulbs cease to function?	Description
What is the origin of the names of the months in the year?	Description
Why is the universe flat if it began with an explosion? Shouldn't it be spherical?	Description
What exactly is paracetamol?	Description
How can you eliminate woodpeckers?	Description
How do you tie a necktie?	Description
How do they select or locate witnesses for an execution?	Description
What methods can you use to figure out what is allowed to be claimed as a contribution for tax income reasons?	Description
What is the origin of the term "86"?	Description
In what way does an abacus operate?	Description
What are the medical applications of "clitoridectomy"?	Description
What is molybdenum associated with?	Description
How does the design of the ship Titanic appear?	Description
In what way does the rate at which the magnet rotates in a generator influence the generator's output?	Description
What does the term blood SED rate refer to?	Description
What distinguishes a fruit from a vegetable?	Description
What steps can I take to gain admission to an Ivy League university?	Description
What is digitalis precisely?	Description
What was the reason David Koresh requested a word processor from the FBI?	Description
What is the heart of London?	Description
What was the reason for Shea and Gould shutting down their Los Angeles office?	Description
What are the steps to host a housewarming celebration?	Description
What actions should a small business owner undertake to contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company regarding possible business collaborations?	Description
What are the key distinctions between the Catholic and Methodist faiths?	Description
What is the significance of Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8?	Description
What method do you use to choose wine?	Description
What exactly is white chocolate?	Description
What is the backstory of skateboarding?	Description
What took place in the Blackhawk Indian War of 1832?	Description
How can one fix squeaky floors?	Description
Outline Sinn Féin.	Description
How can I acquire complimentary technical information regarding Electric Vehicles?	Description
What is the origin of the stripes that U.S. Army sergeants wear?	Description
Where did the marriage ceremony come from?	Description
What is the meaning of fiber in terms of food?	Description
What causes hamburgers to have a flavor similar to steakburgers?	Description
What is Jane Goodall known for?	Description
What function does a urologist serve?	Description
What is the source of the expression "rule of thumb"?	Description
What was Suzy Parker doing to make $1,000 in the early 1950s?	Description
What causes the extended duration of chickenpox?	Description
Why does Thanksgiving occur on a Thursday?	Description
What is the source of the atom?	Description
In what ways does rabies transmit?	Description
What did a Mae West signify on a warship during World War II?	Description
What is the process for purchasing stocks?	Description
What is the motto of the Olympics?	Description
How can one ascertain the date of Easter Sunday?	Description
What is the translation in Japanese for wave of storm?	Description
What is the source of the name for the bikini swimwear?	Description
What words should you yell to summon a taxi in Madrid?	Description
What significance do pointed letters hold for a handwriting analyst?	Description
What is the significance of the phrase `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	Description
How is Teflon bonded to the frying pan?	Description
What is the origin of the name for Cos Cob, CT?	Description
What is Cabernet Sauvignon, precisely?	Description
What are the steps to find someone's email address online?	Description
What is the process of silk screening?	Description
What is meant by office automation?	Description
What is the function of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard?	Description
What elements are part of a gas release event?	Description
What is the origin of the name root beer?	Description
What is the significance of Jesus?	Description
How do you install a tile floor?	Description
What is the meaning of Candlemas?	Description
How does a hydrogen bomb vary from a nuclear bomb?	Description
What occurred with Pepsi Clear?	Description
In what way is water processed to ensure it is safe for consumption?	Description
What issues led to the elevated failure rate of Plains farmers during the 1800s?	Description
What does auberge mean in France?	Description
What is the meaning of Plc?	Description
What is the collaborative effort of the filmmakers?	Description
What precisely are boxcars?	Description
What is the meaning of literary criticism?	Description
What is the source of the word Ozymandias?	Description
What is the source of the name Katie?	Description
How can I locate information regarding rice importers globally?	Description
What is the problem related to Kashmir?	Description
What steps should you follow if your mouse is not operating as quickly as it should?	Description
What exactly is a tonne?	Description
How can one obtain a compilation of fax and/or email contacts for human resources divisions in Massachusetts?	Description
What is the meaning of the Greek term polis, as seen in Minneapolis?	Description
In what way was the Kennedy wealth accumulated?	Description
What is the reason for a doughnut to have a hole in it?	Description
What function do bee hives serve in cranberry bogs?	Description
In what way do ants reproduce?	Description
What contemporary language distinctly capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun?	Entity
Which whisky is "recognized by the company it associates with"?	Entity
What illness did August von Wassermann create a particular test for in 196?	Entity
Which conflict witnessed engagements at Parrot's Beak and Black Virgin?	Entity
Identify a product that manages the ripening process of apples.	Entity
What is the tiniest object observed under the most advanced microscope, and what is its size?	Entity
What is the meaning of `` the bear of beers ''?	Entity
Which computer operating system is found on the highest number of computers?	Entity
What do the 7 articles of the constitution encompass?	Entity
Which movie dog rests in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris?	Entity
What is the title of a golf course in Myrtle Beach?	Entity
A corgi belongs to which type of animal?	Entity
What is the phobia related to thunder?	Entity
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain?	Entity
Which color Poker chip is typically given the lowest value?	Entity
What skill has the silkworm moth forfeited due to domestication?	Entity
Which book contains the tale of Aladdin?	Entity
What song propelled James Taylor into the limelight?	Entity
What does Visine eliminate?	Entity
What does it signify to be afraid of children?	Entity
What constitutes saliva?	Entity
What items are stored in Fort Knox that hold such great value?	Entity
What are two varieties of plants utilized for producing garments?	Entity
Which group is identified as the bourgeoisie?	Entity
Which types of livestock exhibit the most diverse range of breeds?	Entity
What is the phobia of night or darkness?	Entity
In what container does a chef coddle eggs?	Entity
What type of education is required to become a flight attendant?	Entity
What was the title of the ball game that the Mayans played?	Entity
Which overalls are named after Dungri, a locality in Bombay?	Entity
Who were the dogs of John F. Kennedy?	Entity
What hue is `` ash '' ?	Entity
What are the two items that use a tiger as their emblem?	Entity
What state does an actor with topophobia go through?	Entity
What is the name of the method for creating an opening in your skull to reach an elevated state of consciousness?	Entity
What is the proper method to utilize `` may '' in contrast to `` might ''?	Entity
What is the name of the computer in '2001: A Space Odyssey'?	Entity
Which horse, a five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby, did not succeed in his first 25 races?	Entity
Which weapon is the mythological figure Apollo most skilled in using?	Entity
What was the name given to the eighth day after the Nones in every month of the Roman calendar?	Entity
What is held in jeroboams?	Entity
Which shade of dry wine is appropriate to pair with veal roasts and chops?	Entity
What is the name for the rituals that take place alongside the circumcision of a newborn in Judaism?	Entity
Which types of plants can be located in an estuary?	Entity
What is the optimal method for traveling in Japan?	Entity
What do you call the green variety of beryl?	Entity
Which hide-and-seek game includes a metal can?	Entity
What phrase do cooks refer to as The Master Spice?	Entity
Which product includes a frog that utters `` dig 'em '' ?	Entity
What fresh games can be found for the Nintendo 64?	Entity
In which movie did Jude Law appear?	Entity
Which foods are rich in vitamin B12?	Entity
Which English word has the highest number of letters?	Entity
What type of guitar was used by Jimi Hendrix?	Entity
What is commonly utilized to identify birth abnormalities?	Entity
Identify the ship utilized by the Atari Force in the DC comics.	Entity
What was the name of the dog in `` Little Rascals ''?	Entity
Which daily newspaper will "assist you in seeing more clearly throughout the USA"?	Entity
In what medium did Stuart Hamblen rise as the initial singing cowboy?	Entity
In the television commercial for Miller Lite, what kind of being is featured?	Entity
Which Kennedy was married to Ethel?	Entity
In what faith was Isis regarded as the deity of nature?	Entity
Which George Harrison song resembled He's So Fine by The Chiffons too closely?	Entity
What is a great book to pick up for individuals who dislike reading?	Entity
What was the title of Hitler's failed effort to take over the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923?	Entity
Which kind of rocket was utilized to launch the Surveyor spacecraft?	Entity
What is the word used to describe a collection of geese?	Entity
In which areas does your hair grow the quickest?	Entity
What metal mixture do copper and tin create?	Entity
What elements have led to the unfortunate fate of numerous boys in New Orleans?	Entity
Which two creatures are explicitly referenced as being present in Noah's Ark?	Entity
Which television network was Mary Richards employed by?	Entity
Which poem has the line, "let's age together, the finest is still ahead"?	Entity
In which Shakespearean play does the character Shylock appear?	Entity
Which types of snakes inhabit New England?	Entity
Which colors are found in a rainbow?	Entity
Which computer model has achieved the highest sales ever?	Entity
What were the accomplishments of Richard Nixon?	Entity
Which chocolate bar, developed by Frank Mars and his spouse, is frequently referred to as a Milky Way with peanuts?	Entity
What is the most well-known German term in the English language?	Entity
What type of suit did real hepcats don in 1942?	Entity
Which agricultural disaster caused the Irish Famine?	Entity
What visuals are shown in Ray Bradbury's Illustrated Man?	Entity
What does a pale-faced eidologist aim to discover the existence of?	Entity
Which compound found in red wine benefits heart health, and what effects does it have on the body?	Entity
What is the primary component of yogurt?	Entity
What is the sum of the numbers on opposite sides of a die?	Entity
What clock has the largest diameter in Europe?	Entity
Which D.H. Lawrence book was initially named Tenderness?	Entity
What is money composed of?	Entity
What is a young seal called?	Entity
Which animal is responsible for the highest number of human fatalities?	Entity
Which instrument was played by Benny Carter?	Entity
What is the term for an organism that resides on or within another?	Entity
What is the meaning of NAFTA?	Expression
What is the meaning of S.O.S.?	Expression
What is the meaning of IOC?	Expression
What do the initials D.C. represent in Washington, D.C.?	Expression
What is the meaning of DEET?	Expression
What is the abbreviation for the National Bureau of Investigation?	Expression
In a computer, what is the meaning of SCSI?	Expression
What is the shortened form for Original Equipment Manufacturer?	Expression
What does BMW represent?	Expression
Who was the primary witness at the Senate Watergate hearings?	Human
Who fatally shot himself while making Wheatfield with Crows?	Human
Which suburban homemaker and mother of three authored The Feminine Mystique?	Human
What are the given names of Rowan and Martin, the celebrities of TV's Laugh-In?	Human
Which Japanese automobile manufacturer achieved the highest percentage of sales in the local market?	Human
What is the middle name of Michael Jackson?	Human
What was the aim of the animated Sky Hawks?	Human
Which journalist can be located in and around Walden Puddle?	Human
Which cruise company does Kathie Lee Gifford endorse?	Human
Who was responsible for the biggest cocaine seizure ever recorded in Ventura County?	Human
Who emerged as the champion of the rugby world cup in ?	Human
Who was the highest-ranking U.S. president?	Human
Determine the five positions that come next in the line of succession to the presidency.	Human
What is the surname of Lucy and Linus from the Peanuts comic strip?	Human
What was the moniker of the American folk hero known as John Chapman?	Human
Who served as the appointments secretary for Richard Nixon and ended up incarcerated?	Human
Who was the mathematician that won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1950?	Human
Who is Desmond Tutu?	Human
Which of the following well-known individuals does not engage in painting as a pastime?	Human
Who was the initial performer to portray James Bond?	Human
Who conducts data gathering in the tourism sector?	Human
Which English physician was born on January 18, 1779 and subsequently created two important inventions?	Human
Who constructed Stonehenge?	Human
Which radio station was Paul Harvey employed by?	Human
Who is the author of The Red Badge of Courage?	Human
Who was the cigar-loving comedian that said: "You are only as old as the woman you touch"?	Human
Who played the role of Fatman in the TV series, "Jake and the Fatman"?	Human
Identify the two offspring of Dick Tracy.	Human
What is the name of the company that produces Spumante?	Human
Who was Nicolo Paganini?	Human
Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife?	Human
What was the title of the initial Watergate special prosecutor who was subsequently dismissed by Nixon?	Human
Which two leaders commanded the troops in the Battle of El Alamein?	Human
Who was the creator of the toothbrush?	Human
Which Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a brothel in Nevada in May?	Human
Which well-known singing cowboy is the owner of the California Angels baseball franchise?	Human
What term describes a person who has an affection for flames?	Human
Which actress from The Honeymooners was recognized by Television magazine as the most promising star in 1953?	Human
Who was the director of the initial Woody Woodpecker cartoon?	Human
Which actor became the first male to feature on the cover of McCall's?	Human
Who is the most beautiful woman globally?	Human
Which organization possesses a Security Council?	Human
Who is the author of the book "Far From the Madding Crowd"?	Human
Who played the role of Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show?	Human
What was the name of the captain of the Titanic?	Human
Who was the attorney that represented Randy Steven Craft?	Human
What is the term used for the sole players permitted to earn points in Roller Derby?	Human
Who was the designer of London Bridge?	Human
Which family member of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace on eight occasions?	Human
What Polynesian community lives in New Zealand?	Human
Who was the lady responsible for the Charlie fragrance?	Human
Which baseball team owner and mariner is recognized as The Mouth of the South?	Human
Who designed Big Ben?	Human
What title did Suzette Charles take on for a period of two months in 1984?	Human
Which Japanese corporation is known for both its pianos and motorcycles?	Human
Who is recognized as the inventor of silly putty?	Human
Which comic from the golden age of television had the slogan "Anything for a laugh"?	Human
What is the first name of the Viking Prince?	Human
Who is credited as the first to identify imaginary numbers?	Human
Who created the Fantastic Four, Hulk, and Thor?	Human
What role did John Peter Zenger have in the advancement of newspapers in America?	Human
What is the actual name of author Ross Macdonald, who developed the character Lew Archer?	Human
Who is the author of "John Brown's Body"?	Human
Which Native American tribe is F Troop perpetually at odds with?	Human
Which baseball player was known as Charley Hustle?	Human
Where was Gulliver able to discover a group of small-sized individuals?	Location
Which desert is known as The Garden of Allah?	Location
In what environments do lobsters prefer to reside?	Location
Which country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of its population size?	Location
Which county contains Eckley, Colorado?	Location
What is the location of Montenegro?	Location
In which nation are you situated if you engage in flirting using the Wu dialect?	Location
Which ocean encircles the Maldive Islands?	Location
Where does Buzz Aldrin wish to establish a permanent, crewed space station?	Location
What are the five highest buildings in the world?	Location
Which nation features Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle, and Blair Castle?	Location
What state in the United States covers the most land area?	Location
In what region of the Americas is there a mere 47-mile distance from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean?	Location
In what location does the song Anything Goes occur?	Location
Where can I locate the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	Location
What are the biggest libraries located in the United States?	Location
Which nations generate the highest income from tourism?	Location
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railway globally?	Location
Which shopping mall is the largest in the world?	Location
Which U.S. city has a skyline that features the Gateway Arch?	Location
In which locations have the highest number of dinosaur fossils been discovered?	Location
Which nation has the highest number of dams?	Location
Which river flows by Windsor Castle?	Location
Which ocean was known to the Romans as mare nostrum?	Location
What is the geographic midpoint of the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii?	Location
In which location did the Maya civilization reside?	Location
In which country is Lagos the capital?	Location
In what location is Glasgow located?	Location
Which nation did Hitler serve as chancellor of?	Location
What is the name of the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives?	Location
Which country can be found at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude?	Location
Which southwestern state is known as The Silver State?	Location
In which location did the 196 Summer Olympics take place?	Location
What well-known river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see?	Location
Which two nations are connected by the Brenner Pass?	Location
Which ocean ranks as the biggest in the world?	Location
Where can I locate the diagrams for the windshield wiper system?	Location
What place is known as Poe's birthplace?	Location
What is the location of the Henry Ford Museum?	Location
Which lake is acknowledged as the biggest in North America?	Location
What is the location of the biggest post office building globally?	Location
Which river is Rome situated on?	Location
Which city serves as the backdrop for Puccini's opera La Boheme?	Location
What are some excellent learning materials for educators and caregivers?	Location
In which nation was General Douglas McArthur located when President Truman recalled him?	Location
Identify an art museum located in New York.	Location
Which nation in Latin America is the biggest?	Location
In what regions can hyenas be found?	Location
What is the name of the nation over which Hitler had control?	Location
What famous criminal court in London was once a castle from the medieval period?	Location
Where can I locate comprehensive details regarding Manchukuo?	Location
Which metropolis gained notoriety for its thick pea-soup-like fogs?	Location
Which bay separates the Eastern and Western Shores of Maryland?	Location
Where can the large North Korean nuclear facility be found?	Location
In which location did the 6th yearly meeting of forest experts from Malaysia and Indonesia take place?	Location
Where can someone have a contact lens evaluated that caused a burn across the entire surface of the eye when it was new?	Location
In which nation's flag is there a green background?	Location
Which states are found in the southern part of the United States?	Location
At what stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games?	Location
Where can I locate an image of a Blue Meanie?	Location
Which breweries are the biggest in the world?	Location
What is the holy river of India?	Location
Which five countries have the highest wealth in the world?	Location
Which nation is referred to as "Big Bear"?	Location
Which nation has proclaimed that one-fifth of its land is prohibited to Russians?	Location
Which nation is home to the port of Haifa?	Location
Where is the Loop located?	Location
Which country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris?	Location
What is the location of Sinn Fein's main office?	Location
Where can the bridge spanning the river Kwai be found?	Location
Which city is occasionally referred to as The Athens of Switzerland?	Location
What artificial channels measure 1.76 miles in length?	Location
Which nation has been referred to as The Queen of the Antilles?	Location
Which island is the biggest in the Mediterranean Sea?	Location
In what location did the ukulele come from?	Location
Where did the real St. Nicholas live?	Location
What city does McCarren Airport serve?	Location
Where can I locate all the details I require regarding the English Civil War, 1642-1649?	Location
Where can I locate details regarding Abraham Lincoln?	Location
Which county in Massachusetts has the greatest land area?	Location
Which two nations in Europe joined the fight for American Independence against Britain?	Location
What is the maximum number of times a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery can be recharged?	Number
What was the death toll on D-Day?	Number
What is the total number of school districts present in the United States?	Number
What amount of energy is emitted when hydrogen and oxygen combine?	Number
What is the distance from London UK to California?	Number
What is the distance equivalent to a ten K race?	Number
What is the duration for Spider-Man's web to disappear?	Number
What are the chances that two or more of 25 individuals share the same birthday?	Number
What is the highest stock price ever for Apple Computer, and where can I locate this information?	Number
For what duration should you provide your puppy with Purina Puppy Chow?	Number
What proportion of kids aged two to eleven view ` The Simpsons ' ?	Number
What was the date of the Somme battle?	Number
What is Kansas's population?	Number
What is the lifespan of a fly?	Number
When did camcorders make their debut in Malaysia?	Number
How frequently are brain cells renewed?	Number
What year was the slinky created?	Number
What is the number of individuals in America who snore?	Number
What year did the cannon come into existence?	Number
What is the number of electoral college votes that Colorado possesses?	Number
How often in a year does The American Gourd Society publish The Gourd?	Number
What is the population size of Mississippi?	Number
When did the first flush toilet come into existence?	Number
What is the chemical activity of neon?	Number
What is the maximum punishment a person could receive for bringing a dog to a beach?	Number
When did the tradition of quilting begin?	Number
What is the total number of edges found in a heptagon?	Number
What date did John F and Jackie Kennedy tie the knot?	Number
What is the date on which Dick Clark was born?	Number
What was the number of Jews who perished in concentration camps throughout World War II?	Number
What is the duration of education beyond high school required to become a neurosurgeon?	Number
What is the length of a baseball pitcher's mound rubber measured in feet?	Number
How reactive is helium chemically?	Number
How long do you need to run if you hit a home run?	Number
What is the duration, in months, for the moon to complete its orbit around the Earth?	Number
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International?	Number
What is Jeremy Piven's age?	Number
What date was the wedding ceremony of Prince Andrew and Fergie conducted?	Number
In which year was the initial patent for the pull-tab can opener acquired?	Number
What will the California gas tax be projected at for the year 2000?	Number
What is the number of Canadians who emigrate annually?	Number
What is the number of zeros present in a trillion?	Number
At what age is a child deemed too advanced to not be verbalizing?	Number
What is the distance in miles from North Carolina to Ohio?	Number
What will the gas tax rate in California be by the year 2000?	Number
What is the typical size of a penis for a 15-year-old?	Number
How many trees are used for paper production annually?	Number
What are the dimensions of pearl necklaces?	Number
What is the length of the largest ship in the world, measured in meters?	Number
What is the typical income of a daycare worker in New England?	Number
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea form diplomatic relations?	Number
How many elevators do you take to get to the highest floor of the Empire State Building?	Number
During which century is the plot of the television series The Adventures of Robin Hood set?	Number
What is the point value of a bullseye in darts?	Number
What is the number of ice cream flavors provided by Howard Johnson's?	Number
What is the daily recommended amount of folic acid for a pregnant woman?	Number
What would be the price to buy a 2-foot-square party tent, including sides?	Number
How many American soldiers are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam War?	Number
How many films has Drew Barrymore appeared in?	Number
What year did Aldous Huxley compose `` Brave New World ''?	Number
How many people live in Arcadia, Florida?	Number
What is Ohio's population?	Number
What is the present ticket price from Cairo to Barbados?	Number
What month, day, and year did Charles I die?	Number
How many individuals reside in Mozambique?	Number
What will the rise in the California state gas tax be by the year 2000?	Number
What are the odds of conceiving twins?	Number
Which day of the week was Christmas in 1990?	Number
What is the price of one ton of cement?	Number
How much do the drugs for treating tuberculosis cost?	Number
What is the price of the medications utilized in tuberculosis therapies?	Number
What was the population of Nebraska during the middle of the 1900s?	Number
What is the average lifespan of a horse?	Number
In what year did the sale of nylon stockings initially begin?	Number
What is the square footage of Bill Gates' residence?	Number
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built?	Number
What is the number of individuals that Honda employs in the United States?	Number
What is the proportion of kids aged two to eleven that view 'The Simpsons'?	Number
What is the number of American troops still unaccounted for from the Vietnam War?	Number
How long does gestation last for human pregnancies?	Number
How many people live in Chile?	Number
Which season starts on the vernal equinox?	Number
How many digits are utilized to pull back a bow?	Number
What year was the De Beers company established?	Number
What is the number of furlongs in a mile and a quarter racetrack?	Number
What year did the first edition of "Playboy" come out?	Number
What is the current population of elephants remaining on the planet?	Number
What was the approval rating of Thatcher after a decade in power?	Number
What is the total number of websites in existence globally?	Number
What is the number of languages that the Pope is able to speak?	Number
What was the starting minimum wage?	Number
What constitutes a flawless score in a gymnastics routine?	Number
What is the cost of medications used to fight tuberculosis?	Number
What year did Spielberg helm `` Jaws ''?	Number
What is the worldwide count of pigs?	Number
Can you provide the latitude and longitude coordinates for El Paso, Texas?	Number
In terms of land area, where does the U.S. stand in comparison to other countries around the world?	Number
What is the duration required for residency in a community before you can vote?	Number
How many dots are there in the symbol for `` because '' ?	Number
How many teats does a female goat possess?	Number
What fraction of the global freshwater is found in Canada?	Number
What is the number of individuals worldwide who speak French?	Number
What is the amount of money that each participant receives at the start of a Monopoly game?	Number
What is the duration required for an average hen to produce 19 dozen eggs?	Number
When did the Gothic art and architecture style reach its zenith?	Number
What is the typical income of a paleontologist?	Number
How many individuals have taken on the role of Captain America?	Number
When do most shopping centers typically start displaying Christmas holiday decorations?	Number
How much does the President earn?	Number
What was the death toll when the Estonia went down in 1994?	Number
On which date do Ukrainians observe Christmas?	Number
In what year did Hitler gain power in Germany?	Number
What is the birth date of Dick Clark?	Number
Could you give an example from real life that pertains to the Fourteenth Amendment?	Description
What is the source of head lice?	Description
What is the meaning of the term gandy dancer?	Description
Why do people living in the upper peninsula of Michigan say `` eh ? '' ?	Description
What can teenagers do for fun in Cozumel, Mexico?	Description
What is the meaning of a hyperlink?	Description
In what way does an abacus operate?	Description
What is Archimedes famous for?	Description
What are the procedures to restore heavily tarnished brass?	Description
What is the reason for thunder?	Description
What exactly is a phalanx?	Description
What constitutes a pyrotechnic show?	Description
What is the gemstone associated with the month of June?	Description
What approaches can I employ to stop or lessen the impacts of aging?	Description
What is the source of tuberculosis?	Description
What is the economic effect of joblessness on the economy?	Description
Why must eggs be stored with the narrow end pointing down?	Description
What are the ways to reach out to play producers and promoters online?	Description
What were the initial words uttered on a film sound track?	Description
What would occur to Canada if Quebec became independent?	Description
What is Tyvek fabric?	Description
What is diabetes?	Description
In what ways did serfdom emerge in Russia and subsequently decline?	Description
Why must a woman preserve her virginity in order to become a nun?	Description
In what way do cameras take pictures?	Description
What is Jane Goodall famous for?	Description
What sets a generator apart from an alternator?	Description
What is the source of the term `` pallbearer ? ''	Description
What exactly is an Arab strap?	Description
What is the meaning of swap math?	Description
What does cosmology involve?	Description
How do I know if I am experiencing jealousy towards someone?	Description
What does the term `syzygy' mean in Scrabble?	Description
What actions must an individual pursue to become a federal agent?	Description
What is the meaning of palindromic?	Description
Where did the term "69" come from?	Description
What approaches can you employ to develop an accurate critical evaluation of a poem?	Description
What is the meaning of home banking?	Description
In what way did the United States acquire an empire following the Spanish-American War?	Description
What would you tell a friend who chooses to overlook you for the sake of other friends?	Description
What precisely is a nematode?	Description
What are the ways to obtain a person's phone number if I only possess their screen name?	Description
What exactly is tumbled marble?	Description
What was the initial success of the Brazilian group Funk 'N Lata?	Description
Which category does the color pink signify in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition?	Description
What was the reason for Washington, DC being initially referred to as the District of Columbia?	Description
What are the air sacs?	Description
What does the Amish belief system involve?	Description
What has been the historical connection between the Catholic Church and bingo?	Description
What occurs to utilized motor oil?	Description
In Waugh's "A Handful of Dust," what does the crazy old man compel the protagonist to do each afternoon?	Description
What are the distinctive physical characteristics of the Arabian horse?	Description
What is the meaning of Robert?	Description
What does W.B. Yeats' poem, "The Three Hermits," signify?	Description
What factors contribute to the increased success of organ transplants in the present day?	Description
In what way is plastic produced?	Description
What leads to fax machines in the USA being incompatible with those in the UK, NNP?	Description
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue?	Description
What is the core of education?	Description
What actions are individuals taking to assist in averting the extinction of bird species?	Description
What is the meaning of the name "Anthony"?	Description
What distinguishes a median from a mean?	Description
What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart, and Howard K. Smith have in common?	Description
What is the meaning of cache memory?	Description
What function does a urologist serve?	Description
In what way do brakes equipped with anti-lock systems operate?	Description
What is the reason that there are 12 individuals serving on a jury in criminal trials?	Description
What is the meaning of the term glory hole?	Description
What is the source of the term , JJ .	Description
What is the source of the phrase "86"?	Description
Why are girls required to wear training bras?	Description
What details can you provide about Fairground Park in St. Louis?	Description
What does the phrase `` yield to maturity '' signify concerning bonds?	Description
What is the meaning of auberge in France?	Description
What is saltpeter precisely?	Description
What is the meaning of the word wop?	Description
What occurred in Dogtown in 1899 that caused that year to be remembered?	Description
In what way is crosstalk connected to the thickness of InSb in infrared detectors?	Description
What does Butterfield 8 signify in Butterfield 8?	Description
What is the method for determining the change in enthalpy for a chemical reaction?	Description
What does a geoscientist do?	Description
What became of the once well-known Yale Lock Company?	Description
What does the term `stones` signify in the Bible?	Description
What is the source of the term ` news ` ?	Description
Why does a wheel, such as a car tire, seem to rotate in the reverse direction as it decelerates?	Description
What is the meaning of the name Shawn?	Description
What are amaretto cookies, specifically?	Description
What is the significance of Remembrance Day?	Description
What is typhoid fever?	Description
What steps can I take to contact a friend in a different country if I don't have their phone number?	Description
What does the spectrum of a sine wave look like?	Description
What causes your ears to be the center of equilibrium?	Description
What is the reason that people reach out their hands to show friendliness?	Description
How can you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter?	Description
What leads to pneumonia?	Description
What was the significance of Magellan?	Description
What was the notable achievement of the football match where Fordham triumphed over Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939?	Description
Why is it referred to as a "hamburger" when it doesn't contain any ham?	Description
What do Fortune 500 companies refer to?	Description
What actions must be taken to marry someone who is in prison?	Description
What is the correct way to pronounce ` qigong ' ?	Description
What is the explanation for Indiglo being called Indiglo?	Description
What is the method to remove bubblegum from carpet?	Description
What makes Power Bars so effective?	Description
What is the meaning of verdandi?	Description
What is the significance of the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle?	Description
In what way does a submarine function?	Description
What actions can I pursue to determine how much money I ought to reserve for retirement?	Description
Explain Spumante.	Description
What is the way to directly reach Answers.com?	Description
What contributions did Christopher Marlowe and Shakespeare make to English literature?	Description
What is the source of the atom?	Description
What is the origin of thank you notes?	Description
What is the function of a transistor?	Description
What does the term ecological niche refer to?	Description
Which city hall is located in Frankfurt?	Description
Could you give an instance of basidiomycetes?	Description
What traits add to its `` intelligence '' ?	Description
What is Cobol, Fortran, and Pascal?	Description
What disclosure did Alexander Butterfield reveal to the Senate Watergate committee?	Description
What is the process for silk screening?	Description
Why do light bulbs burn out?	Description
Why do you mention "God bless you" when someone sneezes?	Description
What factors play a role in the appeal of haunted houses?	Description
What is the meaning of hypertext?	Description
What is the meaning of a turnkey contract?	Description
What defines a First World nation?	Description
How can light move through the emptiness of space if there is no substance for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' ?	Description
What prompted the Shea & Gould law firm to depart from Los Angeles?	Description
What impacts do nitrates have on the environment?	Description
What is paracetamol precisely?	Description
What is Betsy Ross known for?	Description
What is the meaning of a person's socioeconomic standing?	Description
What is the meaning of gymnophobia?	Description
What does the medical condition known as hypertension involve?	Description
What led to the elimination of red M&Ms and their subsequent reappearance?	Description
What exactly is Olestra?	Description
What is an isthmus, precisely?	Description
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate?	Entity
What constitutes a fear of hell?	Entity
Which candy excited taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers?	Entity
What are some effective workouts for children to engage in?	Entity
What is the sole vegetable that begins with the letter `` z ''?	Entity
Which domesticated animal is the least intelligent?	Entity
In what novel does Holden Caulfield appear?	Entity
For what condition is the drug Sinemet used for treatment?	Entity
What are the titles of some R-Rated games for the Sony Playstation?	Entity
Which book by J.R.R. Tolkien includes Gimli as a key character?	Entity
What types of vehicles participate in the Tour de France?	Entity
Identify a mammal that can fly.	Entity
What is found in jeroboams?	Entity
What is `` the flavor that surpasses the others when chilled '' ?	Entity
What illness does Katharine Hepburn suffer from that causes her voice to tremble?	Entity
What type of animal is Winnie the Pooh?	Entity
Which animal was granted royal approval as a symbol of Canada on March 24, 1975?	Entity
What kind of creature was Winnie the Pooh?	Entity
Identify a newspaper based in Salt Lake City.	Entity
What is meant by "the great American family cereal"?	Entity
What does a farrier place shoes on?	Entity
How were the ceremonial customs during the Elizabethan era?	Entity
What hair care item stated `` dislike that gray, rinse it off ''?	Entity
What is the most common non-infectious disease in the world?	Entity
Which foods have vitamin B12?	Entity
Which book by Peter Blatty narrates the chilling tale of Regan MacNeil's horrifying possession by the devil?	Entity
What various techniques can be employed to evaluate the degree of IT user satisfaction?	Entity
Which book has achieved the highest number of sales throughout history?	Entity
What do flatfish eat?	Entity
What is the name of Betty Boop’s canine companion?	Entity
What type of "magic" does Mandrake use?	Entity
Which anesthetic did Queen Victoria permit to be used during the delivery of her seventh child in 1853?	Entity
What is the usual name for acetylsalicylic acid?	Entity
Can you provide some instances of plant life that originate from Australia?	Entity
What did Martin Luther post on the church door in Wittenberg?	Entity
Which color is the most popular among sports cars?	Entity
What golf equipment was patented by George Grant on December 12?	Entity
What type of creature is Babar?	Entity
What is the electronic gadget utilized to create visual representations that correspond to electrical signals?	Entity
Which hair color should I apply to lightly cover some gray?	Entity
Which hymn motivated John Steinbeck for the title The Grapes of Wrath?	Entity
Which comic strip has not been turned into a Broadway musical?	Entity
What is the title of the second space shuttle?	Entity
What type of file uses the .dbf extension?	Entity
What are the seven marvels of the world?	Entity
Which English term originates from the Old French covrefeu, signifying cover fire?	Entity
What is the first English play written exclusively for kids?	Entity
What is the most commonly used computer software?	Entity
What are the various kinds of plastic?	Entity
Which product's advertisements assert that it "removes odors, eradicates household germs, mold, and mildew"?	Entity
Which language do the Sioux speak?	Entity
Which cookie is recognized as the top-selling globally?	Entity
Which dessert, offered following a meal, was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles?	Entity
Which stringed weapon shoots a bolt?	Entity
What must be presented in a writ of habeas corpus?	Entity
Can you provide a term that can have its letters rearranged to create another distinct word?	Entity
Which mammal resides, reproduces, feeds, and rests beneath the surface?	Entity
What was the title of the U.S. vessel that was destroyed by a mine in Havana harbor, leading to the Spanish-American war?	Entity
What is the term for the part of your finger that extends from one joint to the next?	Entity
Which gemstone represents the month of April?	Entity
Which racehorse was recognized in an Associated Press poll as the top horse of the 20th century?	Entity
What is the name of the Michelangelo piece that shows two hands with their fingertips almost meeting?	Entity
