an accidental spoof of every adolescent film produced in the last five years.	negative
a visually striking but narratively unclear and emotionally shallow endeavor in flair and obfuscation.	negative
while it would be simple to designate crush the new title of two nuptials and a homage, it's a significantly more reflective film than any piece of hugh grant whimsy.	positive
a recent favorite at sundance , this trailer-trash satire will inspire the fondness of even those unfortunate individuals who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .	positive
the film has a deluge of stunning visual effects.	positive
intelligent science fiction for adults, with merely a handful of missteps along the route.	positive
it ends up to be a notch above the standard, thanks to some intelligent scripting and lively performance.	positive
the directors expertly elicit the feeling of threat that environment possesses for numerous city inhabitants.	positive
on its own filmic terms, it effectively exhibits the fervors of both the filmmaker and author byatt.	positive
astonishingly, taking into account that baird is a previous film cutter, the film is quite uneven.	negative
you depart feeling like you've suffered a lengthy exercise without your heartbeat ever quickening.	negative
the torment of these individuals becomes just another voyeuristic display, to be devoured and overlooked.	negative
toward the conclusion total of all anxieties transforms into a commonplace '70s catastrophe film.	negative
there are aspects to appreciate about murder by digits -- but , in the conclusion , the diverse components don't combine .	negative
so filled with unanswered inquiries that it demands enormous leaps of belief just to observe it trudge along.	negative
Bennett's dramatization of her personal decline into post-breakup damnation has a gruesome allure that's hard to shake.	positive
although the brutality is much less cruel than normal, the movie is characteristic miike: swift, intense and packed with spontaneous creative embellishments.	positive
this assessment of marine life off the coasts of the baja california peninsula of mexico presents an captivating way to illustrate the merits of the imax format .	positive
it's a hassle how nettelbeck perceives employed women -- or at least this employed woman -- for whom she exhibits little comprehension .	negative
if you are inquisitive to observe the darker aspect of what's happening with youthful television performers ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or witness some intriguing narrative techniques , you might want to explore it , but there's nothing very appealing about this film .	negative
in the conclusion , the burden of water comes to mimic the kind of soft-core nonsense you'd anticipate to witness on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '	negative
a gripping coming-of-age narrative about the difficult journey of a vulnerable young girl through a succession of foster homes and a fierce battle to break free from her perilous and overbearing mother's grip on her.	positive
reporterially questionable, clumsy and frequently fatalistically tedious.	negative
director oliver parker works so diligently to infuse vitality into the significance of being earnest that he probably strained a muscle or two.	negative
as the film dragged on , i believed i heard an enigmatic voice , and felt myself strongly attracted toward the illumination -- the illumination of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to alert you : this film is 90 minutes lengthy , and existence is too brief .	negative
this story has been narrated and recounted ; the competitions and schemes alter , but the melody stays constant .	negative
the movie prefers the pragmatic over the stunning ( visually speaking ) .	negative
as a distinctive character assessment, it's impeccable. it's also the year's most lovable movie.	positive
while the enigma unfolds, the characters react by flirting with one another.	negative
kids, religious or otherwise, merit to hear the complete tale of jonah's anguish -- in all its torturous, paradoxical brilliance -- even if they spend years attempting to grasp it.	negative
edited and filmed with a syncopated style imitating the work of his subjects, pray overturns the concept of the documentary on its head, making it lively, refreshing pleasure devoid of any mtv frills.	positive
a miserable film that diminishes the second world conflict to one person's pursuit to locate a former lover.	negative
fatal tedious, meaningless contemplation on deficiencies in a dilapidated accommodation.	negative
the film's something-borrowed framework feels less the result of affectionate, well integrated tribute and more like a mere justification for the feeble, thinly outlined narrative. passing time, that's all that's happening here.	negative
what spoiled me on the santa clause 2 was that santa collides with 21st century actuality so abruptly, it's unsettling.	negative
an unattainable love affair, but we cheer for the favored iranian youth.	positive
what full frontal lacks in thematic consistency it largely compensates for as carefree, experimental amusement. still, i'm not entirely certain what the purpose is…	positive
an enhancement on the weak instances of big-screen poke-mania that have come before it.	negative
a film neither bitter nor sweet, neither emotional nor amusing, neither comfortable nor snuggly.	negative
[hawn's character] is so directly written, without a hint of sentimentality, and so harshly defined, that every other character seems neglected and poorly developed.	positive
greengrass has created an undeniable stylistic masterpiece, and has handled elements such as audio and cinematography with expertise.	positive
at its best, it's black hawk down with greater sentiment. at its worst, it's rambo- meets-john ford.	negative
galaxy wars has returned in a significant manner.	positive
sitting through the final reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is considerably less enchanting than hearing a four-year-old with a penchant for embellishment narrate his halloween journey to the haunted mansion .	negative
a joyless voyage into a metaphysical abyss.	negative
a grotesque-cygnet story so atrociously and awkwardly narrated it seems incidental.	negative
the movie's 45-minute runtime halts short of excess, though spectators may be more fatigued than the competitors onscreen.	positive
. . . a polished and rather sincere fragment of escapism .	positive
sounds shrill, straightforward and foamy.	negative
merely another amalgamation of poor animation and senseless aggression . . . devoid of the slightest ounce of humor or appeal .	negative
this theft movie about young brooklyn thugs is off the shelf after two years to take advantage of the fame of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it ought to have remained there .	negative
while the presentations are often captivating, this loose compilation of mainly improvised pieces would likely have functioned better as a one-hour television documentary.	negative
brown's narrative, like many prior to his, constructs for lively writing but a cumbersome of a movie.	negative
what you conclude receiving is the vertical boundary of surfing films - unforgettable tricks with plenty of idle time in between .	negative
an engrossing journey into the thoughts and drives of individuals under pressure as well as a sharp, unsentimental glance at variations on the topic of motherhood.	positive
the figures are never more than outlines . . . which leaves any genuine emotional bond or identification frustratingly out of grasp .	negative
fuller would undoubtedly have termed this brave and at times thrilling film a superb tale.	positive
this is a very excellent film -- go view it .	positive
having never been a great admirer of dickens' 800-page tome , it astonished me how much joy i had viewing mcgrath's adaptation .	positive
seems like a frigid elderly man proceeding through the actions.	negative
. . . a feeble and ineffectual spirit tale without a resolution or reward.	negative
lauren ambrose comes to existence under the attention from two strangers in town - with genuine performances and real interaction between the characters, this is a maturation tale with a turn.	positive
. . . a quip at once flimsy and reverberant, insubstantial and oddly unique.	positive
Japan's foremost designer of desire and gore strikes viewers with what could be his most twisted film to date.	positive
homicidal housekeepers might very well be the most thorough of these movies and also hit nearest to the reality.	positive
. . . jones , despite a clearly unique screen presence , just isn't able to gather for a film that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot meaner if it wanted to fully exploit its lead's particular talents .	negative
a completely acceptable , entirely dull , adequately performed but by no means frightening horror film .	negative
it doesn't concern that the movie is fewer than 90 minutes. it still seems like a confinement stretch.	negative
a lamentably ridiculous and unoriginal mixture between xxx and vertical limit.	negative
it's tough to envision any recent movie, independent or not, that creates as much of a jumble as this one.	negative
by-the-quantitative string.	negative
so youthful, so clever, such skill, such a sage.	positive
the performers may have developed a back narrative for the women they depict so convincingly, but audiences don't receive enough of that history for the characters to be engaging as individuals rather than archetypes.	negative
about as pleasurable , i would suppose , as hunting for a coin in a massive heap of elephant dung . . . utterly horrendous .	negative
two hours of intense musical combined with two hours of underdog sporting tension, if the movie also possesses the shortcomings of both genres, more's the grief.	positive
if the communication appears more simplistic than the previous films, the visuals possess such a dreadful allure you may not mind.	positive
you might claim that it's sluggish at times, you might assert that a few of the characters behave in ways that actual individuals wouldn't, but one thing you couldn't state is that alias betty is foreseeable.	positive
honestly , i can't comprehend why any performer of skill would ever collaborate in a mcculloch production again if they considered how this film ended up .	negative
the tale is so airy and sweet that were it a macy's thanksgiving day procession balloon, extra sturdy ropes would be required to keep it from drifting away.	negative
I never imagined I'd utter this, but I'd greatly prefer observing adolescents thrusting their body parts into fruit pastries!	negative
an outstanding frolic that boasts both a soul and an intellect .	positive
the umpteenth summer bare swim in jerry bruckheimer's foul lagoon of recycled action nonsense .	negative
one terrible film .	negative
smells of decay and shoddy work from beginning to end.	negative
the unbeatable werner herzog is alive and thriving and residing in la	positive
a bright, entertaining farce that stumbles away almost all of its gathered pleasure with a vital third act blunder.	negative
although this boorish and coarse movie does provide a few bellyaching chuckles, its jabs at contemporary culture are all elements we've encountered previously.	negative
be cautious of the peculiar brit-com. they can and will shift on a dime from strangely amusing to tiresomely sentimental.	negative
equilibrium could act as a thirteen-year-old's book synopsis on the oppressive motifs of 1984 and Fahrenheit 451.	negative
its substantial themes are too grave for youngsters, but the narrative is too engrossed in fables and other childish things to appeal much to adolescents.	negative
if nothing else, this film presents a promising, atypical kind of psychological terror.	positive
nicolas philibert perceives existence within a solitary-room academy in northern france in his documentary to be and to possess, effortlessly one of the finest films of the year.	positive
this foggy-eyed southern wistfulness piece , in walking the line between sentimental and optimistic , ends up stuck in tear-soaked quicksand .	negative
there's no evading the fact that this is retribution of the nerds revisited -- again .	negative
everything is fixed into the channel of a new york romantic comedy with 'problems' to streamline .	negative
as adolescent films go, " orange county " is a rejuvenating shift	positive
a clumsily gaudy exhibition that departs from anything vaguely investigative or insightful.	negative
at its peak , the pleasant lady is a refreshing adult viewpoint on betrayal . . .	positive
director benoit jacquot , making his initial opera-to-film adaptation with tosca , conveys the intense passion of puccini's renowned love-jealousy- murder-suicide extravaganza with great cinematic creativity .	positive
bright appears alternatively entertained and repulsed by this content, and he cannot resist adding a few of his own embellishments.	positive
all the film's narrative acrobatics can't conceal the fact that it's insincere at its essence and that its tale just isn't worth sharing.	negative
circuit royalty won't discover a thing, they'll be too occupied swearing at the film's tactically positioned white linens.	negative
a magnum opus four years in the crafting .	positive
it is a movie that will have individuals exiting halfway through , will inspire others to rise and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both factions involved in a fierce argument for years to come .	positive
I enjoy it. No, I loathe it. No, I adore it. . . hell, I don't know.	negative
. . . the soft blending of drama and humor makes " what time is it there ? " something the genuine film enthusiast will relish.	positive
this is a crude and unsettling story that took five years to create, and the trio's captivating narrative is a soul-wrenching display indeed.	positive
it's a exquisitely achieved lyrical contemplation on a group of melancholic and sensitive characters residing in the famous chelsea hotel . . .	positive
seldom do movies arrive that are as clever, vibrant, and emotional as monsoon wedding.	positive
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of emotional obviousness and indicated pathos, especially where whitaker's alienated artist is concerned.	negative
ultimately, they will have a confrontation, but, by that time, your perceptions are as soft as peas and you don't mind who takes the victorious shot.	negative
it's genuine to a fault , but , sadly , not very captivating or especially enjoyable .	negative
karmen glides like cadence itself, her lips vocalizing to the tempo, her lengthy, plaited hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled droplets of perspiration.	positive
this cozy and mild romantic comedy has enough captivating characters to fill various films, and its plentiful delights should win over the most frigid-hearted skeptics.	positive
bow's best instances are when he's becoming engaged on the basketball court because that's when he genuinely succeeds.	positive
at its finest early on as it portrays the cultural conflicts between the siblings.	positive
in adobo, ethnicity is not merely the seasoning, but at the core of more universal issues.	positive
an unbelievably inexpensive danish movie , it unites a group of individuals together in a delightful and enchanting manner , if a tad convenient	positive
if Jews were believers, this would be teaching	negative
following making numerous modifications of other authors' works, armenian-canadian filmmaker atom egoyan introduced an original approach to a profoundly personal topic.	positive
Cattaneo ought to have pursued the runaway triumph of his initial film, the full monty, with something distinct.	negative
considerate, stimulating and amusing.	positive
a taut, smart psychological suspense.	positive
it's not precisely worth the cash to spend the full cost for a date, but when it releases on video, it's quite worth a rental.	negative
attempting to make sense of the narrative in the hip-hop indie jabs is sufficient to give you mental strain -- and the reward is minimal.	negative
although the follow-up has all the superficial components of the initial , the first movie's charming frivolity is absent , substituted by the contrived humor discovered in the most tedious children's films .	negative
comical, moving and delightfully irritable.	positive
if the predictability of unexciting comfort cuisine attracts you, then the movie is a agreeable enough meal.	negative
a non-britney individual might endure a showing with little damage done, except perhaps for the final 15 minutes, which are as sentimental as any after-school special you can envision.	negative
gentle, wandering adolescent movie.	negative
new techniques of depicting malevolence need to be developed to convey exactly how terrible it is.	negative
fairly robust, fairly observable initial attribute for director peter sheridan	positive
director nalin pan doesn't do much to contemplate any arguments one way or the other. he simply showcases his viewpoint that ayurveda operates. no doubt.	positive
Bigelow manages the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but heightens tension when she should be cultivating suspense, and prolongs too many scenes toward the conclusion that should progress swiftly.	negative
. . . always stays poignantly authentic .	positive
ferrara conducts the entire movie with the kind of indifference that makes any specific frame resemble a family's personalized celebratory card.	positive
it is chaotic, rude, incomprehensible, brutal and ridiculous.	negative
unpersuasive documentary of a yiddish theater clan.	negative
benigni portrays himself as the lad puppet pinocchio, complete with receding hairline, weathered visage and american breckin meyer's absurdly unsuitable valley boy voice.	negative
. . . blade ii is more pleasurable than the original .	positive
it's a slight comedy that attempts to balance charm with roughness, while it depicts a sorrowful image of the singles scene.	positive
Disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic trash, but this is one case when they have discovered a rare gem.	positive
one of the best, most subtle representations of [jack nicholson's] career.	positive
with the exclusion of mccoist , the athletes don't have a hint on the field . the performance isn't much improved .	negative
delves into the depths of a man who has just lost his partner.	positive
a elegant , reflective film that slowly and skillfully draws us into a realm where the individual and the governmental get disastrously intertwined .	positive
my personal minority report is that it reeks.	negative
the escapades of pluto nash is a whole lot of zip.	negative
spielberg is the uncommon director who does not wish to invite spectators to gawk at or commend his special effects. he merely desires them to be part of the action, the wallpaper of his selected reality. here, thankfully, they are.	positive
windtalkers is formlessly satisfying, the sort of film that entices you to dissect its flaws even as you must concede that somehow it struck you where you reside.	positive
lavish in detail, exquisitely filmed and wonderfully performed, les destinees is, in its serene, grand manner, bold, creative and delightfully uncommon.	positive
the entire ensemble appears to be having such a great time with the slapstick humor and goofy street dialect, throwing around obscure phrases like bellini and mullinski, that the brief 86 minutes rushes by.	positive
a contemplative , stimulating , persistently humane motion picture .	positive
even those who would prefer to dismiss the movie entirely should find much to ponder and discuss.	positive
although of specific interest to pupils and aficionados of global dance and world music, the movie is intended to make spectators of all ages, cultural backgrounds, and rhythmic skill desire to rise and dance.	positive
perhaps it's merely due to the fact that this previous year has witnessed the launch of some of the worst cinematic comedies in years . . . but truthfully , evaluate that genuinely isn't all that terrible .	positive
a movie of valuable increments skillfully disguised as routine actions.	positive
bullock does a fine job here of operating against her innate appeal.	positive
regrettably, kapur updates a . e . w . mason's tale to fit the sensibilities of a youthful american, a choice that strips " the four feathers " bare .	negative
an insightful , genuine , intimate film that stumbles the ball only when it pauses for explicit explanation to guarantee you're understanding its philosophical message .	positive
Story-wise, challenge each day is a monotonous mess.	negative
mr. soderbergh's guidance and visual aesthetic struck me as exceptionally and unremarkable fussy and ostentatious.	negative
the movie makes a compelling argument for the significance of the artists in producing the motown sound .	positive
renner's portrayal as dahmer is unforgettable, profoundly captivating.	positive
whether observed on a 10-inch television display or at your nearby multiplex, the thrilling, informative antics of steve irwin are invaluable amusement.	positive
if the film were all humor, it might function better. but it has an aspiration to convey something about its topics, but not a readiness.	negative
Peralta's legend creation could have benefited from some knowledgeable, mature hindsight.	negative
the carrier is as energetic and as amusing as it is unapologetically foolish	positive
superior category narration, which penetrates our skin merely by crossing the atomic boundary.	positive
often taxing and heartbreaking to observe, but seldahl and wollter's exceptional performances elevate this far above the standard level of the typical sentimental illness film.	positive
hu and liu provide authentic, pragmatic performances that shimmer with grief, yearning, and affection.	positive
intelligent but not particularly captivating.	negative
it's likely not simple to produce such a worthless movie . . .	negative
never once foreseeable.	positive
the movie's overall atmosphere and emphasis is fascinating but continually unsatisfying.	negative
I appreciated this effort a lot.	positive
nair does seize the intricacy of a large family and its challenges and struggles . . .	positive
while not as forcefully striking as its american equivalent, "in the chamber," moretti's movie makes its own, subdued reflections	positive
bewilderment is one of my least preferred feelings, particularly when i have to endure 146 minutes of it.	negative
[h]ad i endured and bled on the tough earth of ia drang , i'd desire something a bit more intricate than we were soldiers to be commemorated by .	negative
it all appears and operates like a $40 million edition of a game you're more inclined to relish on a computer.	negative
the whole film is so predictable and unremarkable that it's barely finished before it starts to vanish from recollection.	negative
chicago is sophisticated, daring, sardonic, completely joyous in its implementation.	positive
fear permeates the entirety of narration, todd solondz' occasionally humorous, yet ultimately timid self-critique.	negative
the storyline is so entertainingly fabricated and bizarre in its coincidences that no one could ever confuse it for anything resembling actuality	positive
this 100-minute film only has about 25 minutes of satisfactory content.	negative
all but the most fussy preteens should appreciate this unthreatening but exciting expedition.	positive
a brisk 96 minutes of average special effects, stale dialogue, fluctuating accents, and -- worst of all -- ridiculous-looking morlocks.	negative
attempts to operate in the same manner as the genius of animal house but instead approaches the disappointment of the third revenge of the nerds sequel.	negative
sometime theatrical , it's also exceedingly potent .	positive
in spite of the extended duration , the tempo never feels slow -- there's no moment that yells " restroom break ! "	positive
few movies this year have been as determined in their emotional bareness.	positive
yeah, that's correct: it's forrest gump, omen of decline.	negative
steered without the expected panache or inventiveness by hong kong virtuoso john woo, windtalkers transmits almost every stereotype in the combat film compendium throughout its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute span.	negative
compleja y mentalmente desafiadora, el saqueador de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que merece la pena mirar precisamente por su singularidad.	positive
does what a superb documentary does best: it extends a cozy invitation into an unfamiliar realm, then clarifies it completely and allows the broader implications of the expedition to settle in gently.	positive
merely the toil involved in crafting the stratified opulence of the visuals in this chiaroscuro of insanity and illumination is astounding.	positive
the movie is loyal to what one assumes are the book's dual premises -- that we become who we are on the shoulders of our parents, but we have no clue who they were at our age; and that time is a transient and valuable resource no matter how old you are.	positive
as hugh grant states frequently throughout the film, 'beautiful ! remarkable ! '	positive
unbeatable is a fantastic film .	positive
you'll be left with the feeling of having just observed a magnificent performance and, perhaps, yield to the desire to get on your feet and move it.	positive
in the audiobook realm, the movie of "the child remains in the picture" would be a shortened edition	negative
flashy but stereotypical and foolish . . . Cagney's 'summit of the world' has been replaced by the lows of the barrel .	negative
the creators of mothman prophecies manage in generating that most terrifying of all films -- a mediocre terror flick too poor to be good and too decent to be bad .	negative
mr . parker has brilliantly revitalized his origin and grasped its nature , composing a melancholic and amusing tone poem about estranged work , or an absurdist office sitcom .	positive
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of dread ) has just the correct amount of charm and threat .	positive
I discovered myself becoming increasingly exasperated and aloof as Vincent grew more and more repugnant.	negative
the wrongdoing concerns less than the characters, although the directors supply enough complexities, close calls and treacheries to please us.	positive
. . . typical firearms versus combat techniques stereotype with little novel included .	negative
the movie's genuine attraction won't be to clooney enthusiasts or adventure lovers, but to filmgoers who appreciate contemplating intriguing inquiries with no simple responses.	positive
a dull , ostentatious jumble that employs a sensational , actual-life 19th-century offense as a symbol for -- well , i'm not precisely certain what -- and has all the theatrical significance of a droplet .	negative
more truthful about alzheimer's illness , i believe , than iris .	positive
there's the storyline, and a frustratingly persistent and repetitive piano composition that made me want to shout.	negative
novak succeeds in seizing a brutally amusing strain of dark humor in the scenario with his ensemble of non-actors and a gritty, low-budget method.	positive
this finely perceived tale, profoundly sensed and expertly stylized, is a victory for its unconventional director.	positive
At best, Cletis Tout might motivate a visit to the video rental -- in pursuit of a superior film experience.	negative
a fatigued, uninspired and imitative variation of that already-superficial genre.	negative
baran isn't the most moving or captivating film from iran -- or , indeed , by its filmmaker -- but it's a valuable companion to the many excellent , concentrated films emerging from that most astonishing of nations .	positive
there are some rather troubling scenes , but they never succeed in genuinely unsettling the spectator .	negative
let's impose a hiatus , effective instantly , on sentimental movies about uplifting prep-school educators and the kids they so endearingly inspire .	negative
Too numerous of these disgusting out scenes . . .	negative
it is absurd , of course . . . but it is also invigorating , charming , and just downright pleasurable despite its absurdity .	positive
this sluggish swedish movie presents not even a suggestion of happiness, opting to concentrate on the degradation of martin as he excretes in bed and urinates on the greenery at his own birthday celebration.	negative
Rifkin no doubt envisions himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr., but there isn't an ounce of authentic poetry in his entire screenplay; it's simply crude and unyieldingly exploitative.	negative
the laser-projected artworks offer a enchantment-casting allure, while russell and dreyfus are a romantic duo of souls, delicately revealed as history traps them.	positive
the french filmmaker has produced nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly dull cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torment seem enticing .	negative
an encouraging , mainly false narrative .	negative
a thriving ride at first, tranquil rhythms of sheer expertise are few and far between; their rarity diminishes the potency of otherwise commendable action. still, this movie is pleasurable, and host to some genuinely extraordinary sequences.	positive
hold out for it to strike cable.	negative
the re- enactments , however intriguing they may be as history , are too rudimentary to serve the work especially well .	negative
the conclusion does leave you unsatisfied , but these are portrayals to relish in a noteworthy ensemble piece .	positive
the following significant thing's not-so-large ( and not-so-warm ) directorial debut .	negative
for the initial two-thirds of this dazzlingly creative and skillful, always rapid and intense narrative, children will go joyfully along for the journey.	positive
merely another fish-out-of-place tale that scarcely remains buoyant.	positive
labute can't evade a lethal error in the contemporary era: he's altered the male scholar from a lower-class brit to an american, a selection that disturbs the novel's exquisite equilibrium and tears the fabric of the film.	negative
a candid and frequently engrossing documentary about a pentecostal congregation in dallas that builds a complex haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services.	positive
a film for 11-year-old lads with athletic aspirations of their own and the preteen girls who adore lil' bow wow.	positive
One of these days, Hollywood will devise an original concept for a youth film, but until then, there are always these repeats to supply to the younger generations.	negative
i can envision this film as a b&w british farce , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this moment , with this ensemble , this film is futile .	negative
meanders among its powerful instances.	negative
grown-ups, aside from the guardians . . . will be challenged to yield to the allure of the wilderness .	negative
andy garcia relishes one of his most rewarding roles in years and mick jagger delivers his finest film performance since, well, performance.	positive
as weber and weissman illustrate with such clarity and exuberant enthusiasm , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual orientation or political propaganda as they were simply a victory of the unconquerable human desire to resist , unite and innovate .	positive
it's not so much pleasurable to observe as it is illuminating to hear new aspects of a prior reality, and to converse with some of the individuals who were able to create an influence in the theater realm.	positive
it's a tremendous amount of sparkle and very little meat . but what fabulous sparkle it is ! . . . in this version its effervescence is contagious .	positive
fisher has revealed his spirit and faced his own deficiencies here in a manner . . . that feels very authentic and very genuine to existence .	positive
[a] uncommon , lovely motion picture .	positive
the most unforgettable instant was when green hurled medical apparatus at a window; not because it was especially humorous, but because I had a profound impulse to seize the elderly woman at the end of my row's walker and fling it at the screen in exasperation.	negative
the film's eventual triumph should be attributed to dennis quaid, in fighting fit condition as a sportsman as well as a performer	positive
somewhere in the center , the film compels , as demme experiments he gathers a few cinematic moment gems , but the area of roughage prevails .	negative
coated with a low-budget b-film grime.	negative
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar, o roteirista c. jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os raríssimos instantes em que escapa da trivialidade.	negative
as a postponed recognition to some neglected all-stars, residing in the darkness of motown is cultural legacy of the utmost kind: informative, revealing and profoundly amusing.	positive
a vibrant cinematic depiction.	positive
Irwin and his filmmaker never devise an acceptable justification why we should spend money for what we can obtain on television for nothing.	negative
it demonstrates that some studios strongly believe that individuals have lost the capacity to contemplate and will justify any subpar product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl engagement.	negative
Ignore whether you buy the content regarding Barris being a CIA hitman. The eccentric yet mysterious perspective Clooney upholds throughout is daring, imaginative and extraordinary.	positive
cedar adopts a very broad-minded perspective to this delicate material, demonstrating remarkable command, both visually and in the composition.	positive
it encloses a timeless mother/daughter conflict in repurposed paper with a glossy new ribbon and while the viewers can discern it's not entirely fresh, at least it appears attractive.	negative
enhances the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman, originator of adaptation and being john malkovich.	positive
a imitative approximation of superior films like disdain and 8 1/2 .	negative
stays a robust , if somewhat clumsy , narrative of the near-catastrophe . . . crafted by howard with a consistent , if not very inventive , touch .	positive
not so much amusing as resentful .	negative
ana is a lively , colorful individual and the film's emphasis upon her makes it effective and approachable .	positive
an encounter so captivating it is like being submerged in a fresh surroundings.	positive
vibrant and daringly inciting.	positive
the film is just a vast , stunning , mind-blowing , awe-inspiring disorder .	positive
has its delightful idiosyncrasies and its tedious areas.	negative
the tale suffers a serious case of oversimplification, shallowness and foolishness.	negative
the storyline grows weak soon, and you find yourself hoping for a swift conclusion.	negative
. . . flavored with wit ( 'i communicate fluent flatula , ' suggests denlopp after a rather , er , effervescent exchange with an extraterrestrial deckhand ) and clever modernizations ( silver's bird has been substituted with morph , an adorable alien being who imitates everyone and everything around )	positive
amusing, caustic British humor.	positive
a standard global edition of a usual american terror movie.	negative
' . . . both cheesy and ultra-cool , and certainly not in a rush , so sit back , unwind and have a few chuckles while the youngsters get a fuzzy reward . '	positive
a soft mix of contemporary endorsements, enduring footage of Burstein and his family performing, historical documents, and narrative visuals.	positive
this is a shocking movie that provides you a captivating , albeit gloomy perspective of iranian countryside existence near the iraqi frontier .	positive
adam sandler's eight wild nights develops on you -- like a rash.	negative
instead of constructing to a chuckle uproar we are left with a handful of separate amusing instances of no genuine significance.	negative
a utopian romance tale that reveals the hidden 15-year-old dreamer in everyone.	positive
unfortunately, although numerous of the performers emit a flicker or two when they initially appear, they can't produce enough warmth in this frigid void of a farce to initiate a response.	negative
there are merely sufficient turns in the story to make it considerably more gratifying than nearly any fright film in recent recollection.	positive
the piano instructor , like its titular character , is obnoxiously out of control .	negative
lad oh lad, it's a hoot.	negative
westfeldt and juergensen emit a connection and comfort that's both zesty and delightful.	positive
. . . includes very few chuckles and even lesser shocks .	negative
never [falls] into exploitation .	positive
places animation back 30 decades, musicals comeback 40 decades and judaism reverse at least 50.	negative
arguably the most reckless image ever published by a prominent film studio.	negative
inside range, aspiration and achievement, offspring of the century . . . elevates kurys' engagement to a completely new degree .	positive
a love comedy that functions by the principles of its own self-sufficient realm .	positive
here's a british film joyfully indifferent to plausibility, yet just as resolved to amuse you.	positive
what truly astonishes about wisegirls is its understated quality and authentic tenderness .	positive
some films are like a delicious appetizer; this one is a banquet.	positive
the movie's greatest strength is how much it's not just another link-the-dots , spy-on-the-move picture .	positive
the presence of treebeard and gollum's enlarged role will either have you adoring what you're observing, or rolling your eyes. i adored it! gollum's 'execution' is astounding!	positive
the filmmaker , steven shainberg , has triumphed by concentrating sharply on his characters , making them eccentric individuals rather than objects of amusement .	positive
a movie that immerses you in the beats of its topic : you feel it as you view .	positive
you don't have to be an particularly severe appraiser to allocate a liberal b-minus to the ruler's community.	positive
has no justification to exist, other than to employ Hollywood youths and individuals who owe favors to their renowned parents.	negative
dogtown is empty, indifferent, and - most concerning of all - tedious.	negative
frequently amusing, well-captured and, significantly, enjoyable, hell house is an intriguing record of an occurrence that must be witnessed to be believed.	positive
jason x has corny effects and a stale plot, but its grim, self-mocking sense of humor compensates for a lot.	positive
bluto blutarsky, we yearn for you.	negative
so numerous documentaries like this assume religious prejudice or fanatical craziness of its adversaries, but family principles exhibits a rare talent for unwavering neutrality.	positive
muddles its message with a final wish to satisfy, and twisting itself into a notion of anticipation is the least thing any of these three performers, nor their roles, merit.	negative
is job labor genuinely as solitary as 'bartleby' so skillfully depicts it?	positive
the powers group has created a comedy with more giggles than many, no doubt. but this time there's some mildew on the treasure.	positive
no quantity of blood and disintegrating vampire corpses can obscure this film's deficiency of concepts.	negative
viewing queen of the cursed is akin to perusing a scholarly article, with special effects thrown in.	negative
a breezy, amusing, conventional, well-executed tale of two men trapped in a perpetual game of cat-and-cat.	positive
a couple pieces of the movie buzz and whir ; very little of it actually connects . the thing just never lifts off the ground .	negative
when a film requests you to feel pity for mick jagger's romantic life, it already has one fault against it.	negative
a surprising and novel analysis of how the bicycle still persists as an unclear symbol in chinese culture.	positive
there are instances in this narrative of the existence of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's best this year . regrettably , they're wedged in between the most unimaginably dull recounting of kahlo's existence conceivable .	positive
there are sufficient disposable allusions to belief and rainbows to instill smiley-button faces on that segment of the population that made a stroll to remember a niche success.	negative
. . . comprehends that a generation characterizes its music as much as the music characterizes a generation .	positive
. . . addressing a low-cost film in which untrained youngsters portray the two principal roles might not be the optimal way to hone your skills in the cinema industry.	negative
a tiny little beep on the cinema radar, but one that many additional people should explore	positive
hayek is remarkable as frida and . . . a celebrity-generating pursuit .	positive
when seagal showed up in an tangerine prison outfit, i desired to rise up in the cinema and yell, 'hey, cool-aid ! '	negative
what makes the film a comedy is the manner it evades the more grave emotions involved.	positive
such an unfathomable entanglement that it feels less like inadequate filmmaking than like being ensnared in a murky abyss having a bad dream about inadequate filmmaking.	negative
not for all , but for those with whom it will resonate , it's a pleasant departure from typical moviegoing offerings .	positive
bisset provides a game presentation, but she is incapable of salvaging the film.	negative
flops as a bleak movie, as a reinterpretation of fahrenheit 451, and even as a replica of the matrix.	negative
adorable, humorous, endearing digitally animated feature movie with ample slapstick comedy for the youngsters, plenty of insider jokes for the grown-ups and emotion enough for all.	positive
the performers are so fantastic at expressing their youthful distress, we do indeed empathize for them.	positive
smart, poignant and well scheduled.	positive
unlike most adolescent films, swimming takes its time to narrate its tale, casts mostly unfamiliar actors in key roles, and introduces some fascinating ambiguity.	positive
. . . a touching and strong narrative that uncovers that reading, composing, and mathematics are not the sole topics to master in life.	positive
the cumulative impact of the film is revolting and disheartening.	negative
swift cut assignment.	negative
[anderson] employs a hit-or-miss style that strikes frequently enough to maintain the film engaging even if none of it makes a shred of sense.	positive
empire can't determine whether it wants to be a gangster film or an avant-garde movie. it doesn't triumph as either.	negative
charlize pursues kevin with a firearm. courtney follows stuart with a mobile phone. the noise of gunshots and cell phones ringing.	negative
troubling and genius documentary.	positive
the two protagonists chew significantly more landscape with their performance than fire-breathing creatures roast with their breath . . .	positive
hauling around dragons	negative
toss affectionate from the locomotive !	negative
I have to confess I exited runteldat. I did return and examine the last 10 minutes, but these were more disgusting than the initial 30 or 40 minutes.	negative
'the conflict of the roses , ' trailer-trash manner . amusing but like blasting fish in a barrel .	negative
a charmingly naive remake of the revered italian comedy big deal on madonna street.	positive
computed slop.	negative
individuals with a curiosity in novel or unique types of cinema encounters will discover what time is it there? quite deserving of the time.	positive
it's simply not very intelligent .	negative
chilly and dispersed , minority report directs attention almost exclusively as an endeavor in stunning imagery . that's not classic spielberg and that , ultimately , is marginally gratifying .	negative
. . . a total disaster of a film so careless, so inconsistent, so incredibly unpleasant that I can't fathom any audience, young or elderly, would have an enjoyable time here.	negative
a finely-made but emotionally chaotic movie whose main character gives his love only to the dog.	negative
a direct-to-void launch, heading nowhere.	negative
although it strives to be considerably more, it's genuinely just another principal league.	negative
frequently shifting and examines the unease intrinsic in the interactions between the american 'hosts' and their 'visitors.'	positive
a movie that should be consigned to a dim video shop corner is somehow making its route instead to cinemas. it's difficult to envision acting that could be any more level.	negative
Noyce's movie is introspective and sorrowfully reflective.	positive
throughout the tuxedo's 90 minutes of runtime, there isn't a single genuine 'chan moment'.	negative
a largely clever , captivating and psychologically impactful thriller .	positive
a terrible quantity like one of [spears'] music films in nature -- except that it continues for at least 90 more minutes and, worse, that you have to pay if you desire to view it.	negative
if there's a method to efficiently instruct children about the hazards of narcotics , i believe it's in assignments like the ( regrettably r-rated ) compensated .	positive
the secluded instances of imaginative madness ultimately are vanished in the thin broth of packaged wit.	negative
'the castle is never quite able to conquer the cultural barrier surrounding its absurd and forced storyline .'	negative
a genuine film, regarding authentic individuals, that offers us a rare insight into a society most of us are unfamiliar with.	positive
[ " care for my cat " ] is an genuinely delightful little film that takes us on a journey of young adult life in urban south korea through the spirits and musings of the five principal characters.	positive
farrell . . . fortunately manages to overshadow the role and effectively depicts the foil to willis's cynical colonel .	positive
. . . cheesy art studio affectation .	negative
the endeavor is genuine and the outcomes are truthful, but the movie is so grim that it's barely viewable.	negative
a humble masterpiece .	positive
it denotes exceptional film-making that doesn't demand a foolish, careless audience.	positive
there are instances it can be soul-wrenching in a sincere and unpretentious ( and tender ) manner.	positive
a stationary and sweet little thirty-minute, post-school special about interfaith comprehension, elongated to 90 minutes.	negative
the outcome is something rather new and pleasant .	positive
. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets], ash wednesday is fundamentally lacking in captivating characters or even a somewhat engaging plot.	negative
this item is just garbage.	negative
a robust sea-worthy chiller.	positive
as anticipated, sayles' astute wordplay and clever scheme contrivances are as keen as ever, though they may be eclipsed by some powerful performances.	positive
complete frontal had no impact and evoked no compassion for any of the characters. by that standard, it is a disappointment.	negative
genuinely awful.	negative
it's neither as sentimental nor as exciting as it ought to be. but it provides plenty to contemplate and mull over as its unique relationship gradually develops.	positive
although its ambiance is captivating . . . the narrative is ultimately too foreseeable to make much of an impact .	negative
not a single instant in the endeavor didn't make me want to recline in a dim chamber with something cold to my forehead.	negative
oddly appears as a realm more gentle than fierce.	negative
once more, director chris columbus embraces a humble approach to rowling that suppresses creativity and permits the film to stretch for nearly three hours.	negative
trudging, irritable and kitschy.	negative
too clever to disregard but a little too arrogantly superior to appreciate, this could be a film that ends up hitting its intended audience in the face by shooting itself in the leg.	negative
a smooth , finely-tuned apparatus , beautifully refined and cushioned .	positive
on a cutting room floor somewhere rests . . . film that could have created no such thing a sharp , sarcastic cultural parody instead of a exasperating failure .	negative
places on facades of a hal hartley optimistic film -- without the essential amusing element of the engaging writer-director himself.	negative
gorgeously shot and effectively performed . . . but admittedly flawed in its storytelling particulars .	negative
[director peter] jackson and his team have so immersed themselves in the grandeur of tolkien's prose that every shot produces fresh delights, whether you're a supporter of the novels or not.	positive
though mama takes a bit too lengthy to find its tempo and a third-act storyline development is somewhat theatrical, its risqué humor and sentimental nostalgia are sure to satisfy anyone in quest of a jules and jim for the new millennium.	positive
mendes still doesn't quite understand how to occupy a frame. like the hanks character, he's a gradual learner: the action is awkward and the tabloid vigor preserved.	negative
there was moment on that second round to observe the nuances of ramsay's depiction of sorrow .	positive
my oh my , is this an stimulating , shocking film .	positive
a script more cleverly assembled than " memento "	positive
to be swayed primarily by mankind's greatest disgrace, actuality programs -- actualité programs for heaven's sake! -- is an offense that ought to be punishable by chainsaw.	negative
Tuck Everlasting attains a fragile equilibrium of romantic purity and philosophical profundity.	positive
the boulder is fated to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to create a splash even larger than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	positive
the am-radio rating and game team -- tierney and the distinctive walken especially -- prevent this strange humor from choking on its own pretension.	positive
kids may not comprehend everything that occurs -- i'm not certain even miyazaki himself grasps -- but they will almost certainly be captivated, and undoubtedly thrilled.	positive
an thrilling encounter .	positive
a cheerful , uplifting movie that embraces the age-old truth that the most potent thing in existence is affection .	positive
it's the aspect of disdain, as the filmmakers gaze down on their working-class subjects from their elevated perch, that ultimately makes sex with strangers, which launches today in the new york metropolitan region, so repugnant.	negative
has all the correct components but utterly fails to cohere together.	negative
this insipid, voices-from-below tale is torment.	negative
this edition's no masterpiece like its forerunner, but its delights are still abundant.	positive
it won't rupture your belly -- and it's not meant to -- it's merely a insipidly cinematic surgical analysis of what constitutes a joke a joke.	positive
this miserable unamusing imitation comedy is foolish and terrible - no doubt, it's the worst film i've witnessed this summer.	negative
payami attempts to elevate some significant concerns about iran's voting system, but the outcome is a film that's about as delicate as a campaign political broadcast.	negative
sometimes noisy and offensive, but more frequently, it merely lulls you into a soft waking stupor.	negative
as a observer to numerous greek-american nuptials -- but , joyfully , a casualty of none -- i can attest to the relative precision of ms . vardalos' recollections and perceptions .	positive
with or without ballast tanks, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	negative
a not-so-divine enigmas of the ya-ya sisterhood with a considerable portion of re-fried verdant tomatoes.	negative
a great deal of effort and intellect are on showcase but in implementation it is all clumsy, motionless, and lifeless murmurs.	negative
a thorough and stimulating film -- one that extends the limits of biography, and provokes its viewers.	positive
i don't believe i've been as captivated and shocked by an asian movie since shinya tsukamoto's iron man .	positive
Goyer's script and direction are gratefully subtle, and he has elicited outstanding performances from his ensemble.	positive
authority of flames may be somewhat more than another dish of heated aliens, but it's still quite delicious.	positive
remove the dispute, and it's not significantly more viewable than a Mexican telenovela.	negative
gender ironically has little to do with the narrative, which becomes something about how pathetic it is to try and avoid your obligations and that you should never, ever, leave a big dog alone with a child. but never mind all that; the breasts are fantastic.	negative
a complete-length , r-rated , expedition version of mama's tribe .	negative
the cove suffocated me in uniformity.	negative
the film exists for its football action and its excellent performance.	positive
a lopsided but captivating play that is part tribute and part reimagining of the italian classic.	positive
the code speakers merited better than an empty homage.	negative
grant gets to showcase his cadness to dominance, but also to emphasize acting scope that may astonish some who believed light-hearted comedy was his strength.	positive
a captivating yet poignant tale of the indestructible bonds that connect.	positive
Howard evokes the past through surrealist embellishments so lavish you'd believe he just emerged from a Buñuel retrospective.	negative
only those most hooked on cinematic brutality in all its shapes will discover anything here to value .	negative
I gripe all the time about observing the same concepts reiterated in movies repeatedly, but the Bourne Identity demonstrates that a novel perspective is always feasible.	positive
everything is excluded.	negative
stephen earnhart's homemade documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but fondness for its team of trailer park residents.	positive
the film remains buoyant thanks to its surreal production design.	positive
as ordinary and commonplace as ketchup--	negative
you can sense the warmth that sparks this captivating story , and the wit and compassion that ground it in emotion .	positive
this is incredible, smooth material, prepared to satisfy the craving of an audience that longs for the summer tracks.	positive
as crimes go, author-director michael kalesniko's how to remove your neighbor's dog is slight but unbearable.	negative
the expert of disguise is amusing--not " ha ha " amusing, " late carnival artist " amusing. and for all the inaccurate reasons moreover.	negative
agonizing to observe, but spectators prepared to take a risk will be compensated with two of the year's most skilled and captivating film portrayals.	positive
Noyce depicts it more as a startling historical lesson than as a play.	positive
since dahmer relies on typical slasher film excitement when it should be primarily in the thoughts of the murderer, it overlooks a significant chance to be genuinely enlightening about his mentality.	negative
there's no disputing the visually stunning attributes of the movie . . . or the heartfelt sincerity of the portrayals .	positive
trailer park magnolia : too lengthy , too adorable , too confident of its own significance , and possessed of that strange tension of being too thick & about nothing whatsoever .	negative
comes off more like a minor offense, a dull, unpersuasive play that never ignites.	negative
a clever, touching and energizing movie.	positive
merely too foolish and immature to capture its intended audience.	negative
Moore's execution captivates almost as much as her endeavor with Haynes in 1995's safe.	positive
leaves us pondering less about its concepts and more about its portrayal of hitler and the forced nature of its inflammatory conclusion.	negative
[taymor] employs the concept of making kahlo's artwork a living, breathing element of the film, frequently propelling the artist into her own creation. this isn't a novel notion. it's been executed before but never so vividly or with such fervor.	positive
spiderman governs	positive
it's somewhat intriguing to contemplate the odd american manner of justice that unfolds here, but it's so confused and imitative that few will trouble to think it all through.	negative
enthralling and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally meant -- but a touch of lucidity would have created a considerable impact.	positive
what " dominion " lacks in profundity it compensates for with its spirit .	positive
behan himself understood how to weave a narrative and one can't help but believe he'd value this effort to transform his existence into art.	positive
only an grand documentary could capture it all down, and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last provides its topic a film deserving of his abilities.	positive
the screenplay becomes spiritless and disintegrates like a flimsy garden chair.	negative
most of the narratives feel like time fillers between surf images. the film isn't terrible, but you can perceive average cresting on the next wave.	negative
every possible turn is signaled well in advance, every portrayal respectably subdued; the film itself appears to have been created under the effect of rohypnol.	negative
what slight elegance [rifkin's] story of unstable skid-row honor accomplishes is shoved into the outskirts by expected narrative and exhausting theatrics.	negative
it's an instance of advanced , demanding filmmaking that remains , despite its apparent absence of emotional weight , in pleasing contrast to the indulgent cul-de-sac experimentation of the director's previous full frontal .	positive
observing harris exaggerate while physically and emotionally deteriorating over the course of the film has a certain poignancy in light of his recent demise, but boyd's movie offers little else of significance.	negative
wonderful, joyful and, yes, sorrowful movie.	positive
now shortened by about 20 minutes, this extravagant three-year-old production has enough magnificence and extent to satisfy as mature escapism.	positive
shadyac, who associates with the damned for committing patch adams, parades every apparition tactic from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies.	negative
this is a movie overflowing with intricacy and subtleties and one that conveys much about the capacity of the human soul to discover comfort in occurrences that could easily shatter it permanently.	positive
operating from elliott's autobiography , rohmer creates the sort of subtle , eloquent character- and- connection analysis he's preferred for decades .	positive
the meeting of witnessing blobby retro cgi animation in this colossal format is just surreal enough to be amusing.	positive
long after you depart justine, you'll be pondering what will occur to her and hoping her the best -- whatever that could signify.	positive
you'll chuckle for not quite and hour and a half, but emerge feeling oddly unfulfilled. you'll feel like you consumed a reeses without the nut butter . . .	negative
snow canines discovers its comedy in a dark-skinned man getting embarrassed by a group of hounds who are cleverer than him	negative
agreeable but not more than repurposed athlete nonsense.	negative
it's not malicious . it's merely foolish , unimportant and profoundly , genuinely , endlessly pessimistic .	negative
one of the strangest and most unexplainable follow-ups in film history.	negative
as a frisky movie about alluring individuals in stunning locations being tugged and pulled ( literally and metaphorically ) by longing . . . [sex and lucía] makes for an exciting enjoyable time .	positive
the most terrible movie of the year.	negative
a display for both the picturesque beauty of the mountains and for iconic actor michel serrault, the film is less effective on other levels.	negative
it's not a poor premise, just a terrible film.	negative
ascribe it to my esteem for both de niro and murphy, but i had a quite pleasant time with this movie - despite its many flaws.	positive
if welles was discontent at the likelihood of the human species dividing in two, he probably wouldn't be too thrilled with his great-grandson's film dividing up in pretty much the same manner.	negative
a creative farce/suspense.	positive
brady accomplishes the extraordinary feat of wasting a top-tier quartet of actors . . . by thrusting them into every stereotypical white-trash scenario conceivable .	negative
a disheartening confirmation of everything those of us who don't mind the designation " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an uninterested , unappealing , overgrown frat boy with a spiteful streak a mile wide .	positive
formulaic to the 51st power, more similar to .	negative
it's a bold effort to access the pulse of the globe, a tribute to the global dialect of tempo and a lively sampling of noises.	positive
perfectly captured, sexually charged, but ultimately lacking in depth, not to mention burdened by a cumbersome concluding act.	negative
there's sufficient science to render it significant as educational, and ample beauty to render it unforgettable.	positive
the lads' sparring , like the sequence of strikes dumped on guei , erodes the narrative's more intellectual , and agreeable , plot components .	negative
Parker should be praised for taking a novel approach to familiar content, but his resolve to stay faithful to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat affected tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human catastrophe at the story's center .	negative
[sam's] self-punishment is more disheartening than amusing.	negative
it may not be " ultimate dance in paris " but . . .	positive
regarded as a comedy , a love story , a fable , or a tragedy , there's nothing even slightly victorious about this film .	negative
totally horrible.	negative
too sluggish for a younger audience, too superficial for an older one.	negative
at approximately 95 minutes, treasure planet sustains a swift pace as it speeds through the recognizable narrative. however, it lacks magnificence and that grand quality often linked with stevenson's story as well as with prior disney endeavors.	positive
dreadful little propaganda movie with intriguing links not only to the serbs themselves but also to a web of american right-wing radicals.	negative
if you can get beyond the whimsical elements and severe truths of " the isle " you'll receive a sock-you-in-the-eye film that is a visual tour-de-force and a tale that is unlike any you will probably see anywhere else .	positive
just because a stroll to recall is astute enough to trigger feminine tear ducts doesn't mean it's adequate enough for our females.	negative
lethargic narrative winding its course to an ordinary existential epiphany.	negative
a deliciously harsh, bitter dark parody.	positive
kurys never demonstrates why, of all the era's tumultuous romantic existences, sand and musset are deserving particular focus.	negative
with a cast that includes some of the leading performers working in independent cinema, lovely & astonishing involves us because it is so insightful, so grimly humorous about how we navigate our lives.	positive
one of [herzog's] most unexciting creations.	positive
inexpensive, crude conversation and a storyline that creeps along at a snail's speed.	negative
as sweetened movies proceed, this is probably to cause substantial cardiac collapse if ingested in considerable quantities.	negative
all in all, path to damnation is more enamored with oddity than superiority.	negative
a wonderful voyage from youth idealism to teenage self-importance.	positive
a marvelous comedy filmmaker realizes excellent wit needn't always make us chuckle. tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' illustrates he's on his journey.	positive
envision ( if feasible ) a pasolini flick devoid of fervor or ideology , or an almodovar picture lacking allure or wit , and you possess some notion of the dreary , listless encounter of viewing o fantasma .	negative
it's the kind of trick the academy adores: a potent political statement packed into an otherwise average movie.	negative
a painfully captivating premise, the movie is impeded by inconsistent dialogue and plot inconsistencies.	negative
it is uplifting in depicting how individuals from such varied cultures share the same human and spiritual desires .	positive
override the film and buy the Philip Glass score album.	negative
steve irwin's approach is ernest hemmingway at hastened speed and intensity.	positive
a delightful adequate film , held together by talented ensemble performers .	positive
a clumsily gaudy display that deviates from anything vaguely investigating or insightful.	negative
guy acquires lady, guy forfeits lady, onlookers fall asleep.	negative
everywhere the lens gazes there is something valuable to observe.	positive
branagh, in his most powerful non-shakespearean movie representation, grounds even the slightest moments in the intense uprising of his humor.	positive
an unresistible mixture of an exhilarating excellent tale situated on a genuinely magnificent extent.	positive
it's not so much a movie as a collective promotion for the national basketball association and adolescent rap and youthful poster-boy lil' bow wow.	negative
Breen's script is irregular with actor-like annotations on the border of acting.	negative
none of this alleged parody has any edge to it , as if woody is afraid of gnawing the hand that has ultimately , to some extent , acclimated to him .	negative
while the enigma unfolds, the characters react by flirting with each other.	negative
you wouldn't label the virtuous girl a romantic film ( an anti-romantic film is more accurate ) , but when it's fine , it's fine and dreadful .	positive
a skillful movie from a skilled director , distinctive in its misleading bleakness , gripping in its pessimistic perspective .	positive
the manuscript becomes devoid of vitality and collapses like a flimsy garden chair.	negative
day is not a superb bond film, but it is a decent bond film, which still renders it much better than your typical bond imitations.	positive
walsh can't quite navigate the many contradictions in janice's conduct or make up for them by sheer force of charisma.	negative
[howard] so excellent as leon barlow . . . that he barely appears to be performing .	positive
below is considerably beneath expectations.	negative
the ensemble is consistently outstanding and at ease .	positive
the video piece is so gritty and crude , so reliant on being 'realistic' rather than meticulously illuminated and arranged , that it's tiring to view .	negative
más irónica, amena y loca que su antecesora, es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de diversión pura y sin complicaciones.	positive
filmic feces.	negative
incomprehensible, badly performed, mind-numbingly awful, harvard man is ridiculous enough that it could turn into a cult favorite.	negative
muddles its message with an ultimate wish to satisfy, and twisting itself into a notion of anticipation is the final thing any of these three actresses, nor their personas, merit.	negative
huppert provides erika a character that is so fascinating that you find yourself gazing mesmerically at her, attempting to comprehend her and pondering if she'll break.	positive
must be observed to be trusted.	positive
elicits a bit of the dread that guardians have for the potential destinies of their offspring--and the occasionally poor decisions mothers and fathers make in the interests of benefiting them well.	positive
the movie makes a compelling argument for the significance of the artists in crafting the motown sound.	positive
occasionally there are extremely , extremely valid explanations for particular films to be enclosed in a container and placed on a distant ledge indefinitely .	negative
while this movie is not in the slightest unexpected, it is still ultimately very fulfilling. think of it as a kind of solace food for the intellect.	positive
labute can't evade a critical error in the contemporary era: he's altered the male scholar from a lower-class brit to an american, a selection that disturbs the novel's exquisite equilibrium and tears the fabric of the film.	negative
it won't break your stomach -- and it's not meant to -- it's simply a dull cinematic surgical analysis of what constitutes a joke a joke .	positive
nice film. great performer. but if you anticipate lighthearted romantic comedy, good heavens, will you be astonished.	positive
like the agonizing conclusion of days, collateral destruction presents schwarzenegger as a sorrowful figure, but compassion truly belongs with any viewer compelled to watch him attempt so many intricate facial expressions.	negative
intelligent, poignant and well scheduled.	positive
it's both a crucial political article and a fascinating documentary . . .	positive
almost nothing else -- rough and straightforward as it may be in portrayal -- is flat, overtly sexist or malevolent. and in a way, that's a drawback.	negative
unfortunately , though numerous of the performers emit a spark or two when they initially appear , they can't produce enough warmth in this frigid void of a comedy to initiate a reaction .	negative
now shortened by about 20 minutes, this opulent three-year-old creation has sufficient grandeur and magnitude to fulfill as sophisticated escapism.	positive
begins with a blast, but then dwindles like a damp stick of explosive at the very conclusion. it's still worth a glance.	positive
it never ceases to captivate us.	positive
Woody Allen has truly discovered his rhythm these days. The issue is that it is one that permits him to produce one average film after another.	negative
sporadically amusing and uniformly peculiar, and it functions fairly effectively as a leading role for zhao.	positive
at its finest early on as it portrays the cultural conflicts between the siblings.	positive
not so much a film as a illustrated book for the large screen. this isn't my preferred in the series, still i appreciated it enough to suggest.	positive
a fatigued, uninspired and imitative variation of that already-superficial genre.	negative
"extreme ops" exceeds expectations. pleasurable entertainment, remarkable action, good acting, adequate dialogue, steady pace, superb cinematography.	positive
a sports film with movement that's thrilling on the pitch and a tale you care about outside it.	positive
with the movie's stunning conclusion, one perceives that we have a considerable distance to travel before we completely comprehend all the sexual variations involved.	positive
nicolas philibert observes being within a one-room classroom in northern france in his documentary to be and to own, effortlessly one of the best movies of the year.	positive
i don't even mind that there's no storyline in this antonio banderas-lucy liu confrontation . it's still awful !	negative
Bullock does an excellent job here of operating against her inherent charm.	positive
glitzy but predictable and foolish . . . cagney's 'peak of the world' has been swapped by the lowest of the barrel .	negative
you depart feeling like you've experienced a lengthy exercise without your heartbeat ever accelerating.	negative
Ignore whether you acquire the substance about Barris being a CIA killer. The whimsical yet elusive perspective Clooney upholds throughout is bold, inventive and extraordinary.	positive
this is such a high-octane film where the percussion and the parading are so outstanding , who cares if the plot's a little feeble .	positive
the re- enactments, however captivating they may be as history, are too crude to serve the task especially well.	negative
an captivating , whimsical movie that continually hinders our longing to uncover the 'fact' about this individual , while dismantling the very structure of the biography in a manner that derrida would undoubtedly grant his endorsement to .	positive
the film descends downhill as soon as tough action conventions assert themselves.	negative
this is an awkward film , poorly fitting , with its elbows protruding where the knees ought to be .	negative
an terrible lot like one of [spears'] music clips in substance -- except that it continues for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you wish to view it .	negative
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was directed more to adults.	positive
the problem is not that it's all mimicking, because plenty of comical films reuse old clichés. the problem is that van wilder does little that is truly entertaining with the material.	negative
with flashbulb alteration as disguise for the absence of narrative continuity, undisputed is almost indecipherable, a pretext to arrive at the concluding match... by which moment it's impractical to care who prevails.	negative
possession is in the conclusion an honorable, intriguing failure. it falls far short of verse, but it's not terrible writing.	negative
it appears as so foolish that you wouldn't be astonished if ba, murdock and remainder of the a-team were spotted pursuing in a black and crimson van.	negative
bigelow manages the nuclear emergency sequences evenly but extracts drama when she should be constructing suspense, and prolongs too many scenes toward the conclusion that should advance quickly.	negative
valuable the exertion to observe .	positive
the outcome is something rather new and enjoyable.	positive
brady accomplishes the extraordinary accomplishment of wasting a first-rate group of performers . . . by forcing them into every stereotypical white-trash scenario conceivable .	negative
customized to amuse !	positive
[macdowell] ventures beyond her capabilities numerous times here and uncovers how insufficient an actress she is.	negative
sleeplessness is engaging . nevertheless , i believed it might have been extra .	positive
dim, sonorous, creatively intricate and filled with swift twists of storyline and a banquet of visual astonishment.	positive
this cozy and tender romantic comedy has enough fascinating characters to fill numerous films, and its plentiful delights should persuade the most hard-hearted skeptics.	positive
not too distant beneath the sheen you can still sense director denis villeneuve's pulsating heart and the affection he has for his characters .	positive
there's a wonderfully eccentric film to be created from curling, but sweepers isn't it.	negative
[n]o matter how much compassion the creators produce, execution ultimately collapses under its own delicacy.	negative
it's just too regrettable the screenwriters ultimately undermine themselves in the feet with cop film clichés like a slimy arms dealer, patrol vehicle crashes and the obligatory yelling captain.	negative
director benoit jacquot, making his first opera-to-film adaptation with tosca, conveys the rising ardor of puccini's celebrated love-jealousy-murder-suicide spectacle with great cinematic ingenuity.	positive
Davis has vitality, but she doesn't trouble to make her heroine's novel sound plausible, the gender-conflict concepts original, or the humorous scenes soar.	negative
our society is descending down the drain with the intensity of a chilled burrito after an all-night tequila spree and i know this because i've witnessed 'jackass : the film .'	negative
a piece of the utmost finesse and insight , it signifies the remarkable feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who comprehends the strength of the implicit and the merits of simplicity and economy .	positive
the type of anxious movie that will either give you a slight migraine or invigorate you .	positive
novak succeeds in seizing a ruthlessly amusing vein of dark humor in the scenario with his ensemble of non-professionals and a gritty, low-budget method.	positive
remove the dispute, and it's not much more viewable than a Mexican telenovela.	negative
as a retaliation thriller, the film is adequate, but it doesn't truly provide the delightful guilty enjoyment of the superior movie versions.	positive
everything is not on.	negative
not at all clear what it's trying to communicate and even if it were i doubt it would be all that intriguing .	negative
this is such a brilliantly self-confident directorial debut that it's difficult to determine what to commend first.	positive
leaves us pondering less about its concepts and more about its portrayal of hitler and the fabricated nature of its provocative resolution.	negative
a film you watch , rather than one you step into .	negative
subversive, contemplative, analytical and lyrical, the piano instructor is a bold piece of brilliance.	positive
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the demise of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's expedition is intriguing but his parisian resurrection is stillborn	positive
mindless and tedious martial arts and firearms with too little thrill and zero engaging narrative.	negative
I gripe all the time about observing the same concepts reiterated in movies repeatedly, but the Bourne Identity demonstrates that a novel perspective is always feasible.	positive
more truthful about alzheimer's illness , i believe , than iris .	positive
the sequel unfolds like a weak rationale to provide blade enthusiasts another glimpse of wesley snipes' legendary hero engaging in combat with numerous villains -- simultaneously.	negative
a movie neither harsh nor sugary, neither affectionate nor humorous, neither cozy nor cuddly.	negative
howard invokes the history via surrealist embellishments so exaggerated you'd swear he just emerged from a buñuel retrospective.	negative
the meeting of witnessing blobby retro cgi animation in this enormous format is just surreal enough to be amusing.	positive
it's the aspect of disdain, as the filmmakers gaze down on their working-class subjects from their elevated perch, that ultimately renders sex with strangers, which launches today in the new york metropolitan area, so unpleasant.	negative
bewilderment is one of my least preferred feelings , especially when i have to endure 146 minutes of it .	negative
it's superior to mid-tier steven seagal, but not as keen as jet li on roller skates.	negative
an unusual malfunction that even tunney can't rescue .	negative
it makes me feel strange / pondering about all the terrible things in the world / like puppies with shattered legs / and butterflies that perish / and films featuring pop queens	negative
from the enormous colossal headings of the opening titles to elmer bernstein's flawlessly melodic soundtrack, haynes attains just about everything correct.	positive
hands down the year's most stimulating film. but it incurs a cost for its complex intellectual maneuvering.	positive
legendary irish author brendan behan's autobiography , borstal lad , has been given a affectionate screen adaptation .	positive
windtalkers gusts this manner and that, but there's no confusing the director in the lofty grass, faithful to himself.	positive
a daring ( and delightful ) trial that will almost definitely fatigue most viewers into their own vividly colored fantasies .	negative
might be impersonating a simple target -- those vintage '50's colossal creature spectacles -- but . . . it recognizes and honors their campiness as the reason why individuals enjoy watching them today.	positive
the emotions stirred by the conflict between ancient and modern cultures are juxtaposed against the peculiar , harsh beauty of the mideast desert , so fondly and insightfully filmed that you can almost savor the parched air .	positive
a sincere account about real people navigating their lives concerned about the future of an aged, cognitively challenged family member.	positive
it throws quirky characters, odd situations, and distorted dialogue at us, all as if to proclaim, "watch this! this is an intriguing film!" but the movie itself is ultimately quite unexciting.	negative
animated nonsense intended to boost the self-esteem of babbling fools.	negative
at approximately 95 minutes, treasure planet sustains a lively tempo as it speeds through the well-known narrative. however, it lacks majesty and that monumental quality frequently linked with stevenson's story as well as with prior disney endeavors.	positive
utilizing his audience as a metaphorical harbor , dong maneuvers his impartial ideological vessel to their pier for offloading , before he persists on his extended voyage still in front .	positive
fuller would undoubtedly have labeled this bold and at times thrilling film a fantastic tale .	positive
parker should be praised for taking a novel approach to familiar content, but his resolve to stay faithful to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat affected tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the narrative's core .	negative
waydowntown is by no means a flawless film, but its possesses a huge appeal factor and reeks of uniqueness.	positive
an extremely narrow inside joke aimed at the smallest portion of an already arcane demographic.	negative
there's nothing to obtain from viewing they. it isn't frightening. it despises its characters. it discovers no method to amuse or motivate its viewers.	negative
everyone's to blame here.	negative
one of those movies that commenced with a fantastic premise and then just disintegrated.	negative
the movie prefers the empirical over the dramatic ( visually speaking ) .	negative
you might state that it's sluggish at times, you might assert that a few of the characters behave in manners that genuine people wouldn't, but one thing you couldn't claim is that alias betty is foreseeable.	positive
a delightful stroll through the kind of quirky landscape that errol morris has frequently handled with . . . it does have a relaxed , nonchalant appeal .	positive
there must be an audience that appreciates the friday series, but i wouldn't be curious in knowing any of them individually.	negative
the movie offers some excellent perspective into the anxious mentality of all comedians -- even those who have attained the complete peak of the profession.	positive
this is one of polanski's finest movies .	positive
i can't start to express you how tiresome , how steadfastly unentertaining , how completely unrewarding all of this is , and what a careless wasting of four excellent acting abilities . . .	negative
examine that regurgitates and dilutes many of the prior film's triumphs, with a few fresh attempts thrown in.	negative
britney spears' insincerity is nothing compared to the film's forced, dull screenplay and lifeless direction.	negative
the extra plotline is fascinating and amusing, but it doesn't possess the same enchanting quality as the start of the tale. i enjoy the new scenes and still adore the old material.	positive
viewed on its own conditions, treasure planet is superior-than-average family amusement, but true admirers of the stevenson's book will likely favor disney's more loyal 1950 live-action adventure classic.	positive
the puzzle of mystery is how a affluent historical figure , combined with so much remarkable skill . . . could have produced such a monotonous , challenging film .	negative
if you enjoyed such films as notting hill, four weddings and a memorial, bridget jones' journal or high fidelity, then you won't want to overlook about a lad.	positive
its sequences and feeling are all more than recognizable, but it emanates a kind of wistful espionage-film allure and, at the same moment, is so novel and devoid of the typical suspense absurdity that it all appears to be occurring for the initial time.	positive
no dia em que concordou em dirigir esta sequência, harold ramis deve ter levantado da cama com o pé errado. e aqueles que optaram por ver este filme também.	negative
a mechanical action-comedy whose apparent aim is to promote the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger viewers.	negative
strong, captivating and remarkably hard to recall.	positive
operating from elliott's autobiography , rohmer constructs the type of subtle , eloquent character- and- connection examination he's preferred for decades .	positive
. . . as the narrative solidifies you sense the components of the star wars saga aligning in a manner that makes your backbone tingle with realization and enthusiasm .	positive
trudging, irritable and flashy.	negative
it's the finest movie of the year thus far, the standard against which all other top picture contenders should be assessed.	positive
when it truly matters . . . bloody sunday resonates on a primal level that surpasses language .	positive
a delicate and expertly performed crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little overt humor and a few unapologetically emotional tears.	positive
I believe that there are more intriguing methods of handling the topic.	negative
considering the reality that practically no one is obligated to appear at cinemas for it, the endeavor ought to have been created for the television.	negative
cruel, efficient documentary on existence in the israeli-controlled palestinian areas.	positive
the tale feels more like a grave read , filled with substantial doses of always alluring sayles discourse .	positive
an acknowledged egomaniac, evans is no film adversary, and yet this irritating exhibition almost makes you wish he'd chosen the route of don simpson.	negative
maybe no image ever created has more literally demonstrated that the path to hell is lined with good intentions.	positive
this exuberant farce serves up a harsh reminder of the destiny of hundreds of thousands of chinese, one which can only qualify as a dreadful catastrophe.	positive
by the conclusion of no such thing the spectators , like beatrice , has a vigilant fondness for the creature .	positive
it twists up shifting in numerous directions as it seeks ( futilely, i believe ) for something new to express .	negative
the laser-projected creations offer a charm-bestowing elegance , while russell and dreyfus are a passionate duo of souls , softly uncovered as history confines them .	positive
fondness liza is a homage film that would have been enhanced by remaining on the festival circuit.	negative
At best, Cletis Tout might motivate a journey to the video rental -- in pursuit of a superior film experience.	negative
if solely provider paid more focus the narrative.	negative
there's a cause why halftime is merely fifteen minutes lengthy.	negative
this is a shocking movie that provides you a captivating , albeit bleak perspective of iranian countryside existence near the iraqi frontier .	positive
in the recounting of a narrative largely unheard, bui opts to create something that is ultimately curiously recognizable.	negative
its course , its screenplay , and weaver's portrayal as a somewhat dissatisfied woman of substance make for a slightly amusing 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .	positive
a misleadingly straightforward movie, one that increases in strength in hindsight.	positive
simply as a technical, logistical achievement, russian ark signifies a filmic milestone.	positive
between the theatrics of cube ? s personal disclosures regarding what the shop signifies in the grand scheme, legendary characters frolic fluidly through the narrative, with delightful results.	positive
the animation and game frenzy that peaked about three years ago is actually fading a gradual decline, if the mediocre quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication.	negative
there are now two indications that m . night shyamalan's debut feature absorbed all he has to offer to the mystical genres of cinema : unbreakable and signals .	negative
exploitative and mostly lacking the depth or complexity that would make viewing such a graphic portrayal of the offenses tolerable.	negative
it proves to be a notch above the standard, thanks to some witty writing and lively acting.	positive
this is a movie overflowing with intricacy and subtlety and one that conveys much about the capacity of the human soul to discover comfort in occurrences that could effortlessly shatter it eternally.	positive
it's conventional filmmaking all the way, but it's executed with a lot of meticulous era attention as well as some very appreciated humor.	positive
there is a revitalizing lack of skepticism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the familial film market . ultimately , it conquers you over .	positive
. . . the gentle fusion of tragedy and comedy makes " what hour is it there ? " something the true film lover will value .	positive
a breezy , amusing , conventional , well-executed tale of two individuals ensnared in a perpetual contest of cat-and-cat .	positive
hill appears to be experiencing the motions, commencing with the faint inscription.	negative
chicago is elegant , bold , cynical , utterly ecstatic in its execution .	positive
envision the cleanflicks adaptation of 'love tale,' with ali macgraw's obscenities swapped for romance-novel clichés.	negative
adequate but bland.	negative
fascinating, but not gripping.	negative
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly hams his way through snow canines, but even his vivacious energy fails to ignite this hefty comedy.	negative
the sole occasion 8 crazy nights nears achieving a humorous or satirical aim is during the quirky musical sequences.	negative
the movie operates on equal portions of purity and knowledge -- knowledge that arises with experience. it has fun being mature.	positive
[davis] aims to evoke his audience a revelation, yet he declines to provide us authentic situations and characters.	negative
submerging's too nice for this fool.	negative
truly moving because it's authentic about all sorts of affection.	positive
dread permeates the entirety of narration, todd solondz' frequently humorous, yet ultimately timorous self-critique.	negative
noyce records it more as a startling historical lesson than as a play.	positive
it jeopardizes to be a bit unique, and that shade is what makes it precious.	positive
drab and robotic, somewhat like a very silly museum display	negative
although the opera itself occurs predominantly indoors, jacquot appears uncertain about how to elicit any form of naturalism on the stage.	negative
a captivating voyage . . . and " his closest companion recalls " is among the best of specials .	positive
westfeldt and juergensen exude a bond and comfort that's both zesty and delightful.	positive
a delightfully innocent remake of the esteemed italian comedy big deal on madonna avenue.	positive
this fluffy sequel to the 1999 success is a bit more visually refined, a bit funnier, and a bit more chaotic.	positive
it's a stimulating change from the self-interested and mistrust that characterize most American portrayals of Castro.	positive
the movie's greatest strength is how much it's not just another link-the-dots, spy-on-the-go picture.	positive
the finest thing that can be stated of the image is that it does possess a couple of adorable moments.	negative
we've relished klein's other inventions but rollerball left us apathetic.	negative
a script more cleverly structured than " memento "	positive
the movie propels the nascent but already eerie christian right propaganda apparatus into national media spheres.	negative
a piece of elaborate grace, literary poetry and deep practical wisdom.	positive
evidently crafted as a daydream about recollection and remorse, but the only thing you'll lament is recalling the encounter of enduring it.	negative
with the exclusion of mccoist, the athletes don't have a hint on the field. the performance isn't much superior.	negative
for its gravity, elevated literary ambitions and remarkable acting, the film can only be commended.	positive
a movie with a fantastic concept but merely a fantastic concept.	negative
. . . if you're in a mood for silly humor, the soldiers will amuse with their repulsions, lewd comedy and mind tricks.	positive
there was moment on that second round to observe the nuances of ramsay's depiction of sorrow .	positive
Stevenson's execution is simultaneously oblivious and intensely devoted, a turbulent mixture.	positive
remembers subdued panics like l'avventura and revulsion .	positive
. . . inhales astonishing new vitality into the recognizable by blending genres and adding genuine human intricacy to its not-so-standard characters.	positive
we require [moore's] loud, arrogant energy, his fervor and class awareness; we require his routines, we require his courage.	positive
loaded with loose curtains of conventional tobacco methods.	negative
appears more like a tourism-agency clip aimed at individuals who enjoy cycling unclothed and frolicking in the dirt than a valuable glimpse of self-reliant-community guiding beacons.	negative
strengthens the abilities of screenwriter charlie kaufman , originator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	positive
human essence, in brief, isn't nearly as humorous as it believes it is; neither is it as intelligent.	negative
nolan courageously steps where few american movies dare to explore -- into the realm of uncertainty and vagueness . . .	positive
for anybody who recalls the '60s or is intrigued by one man's reaction to stroke, ram dass: intense elegance is worth pursuing.	positive
together, tok and o conduct a vibrant, darkly amusing dance of downfall. in the process, they demonstrate that there's still a great deal of energy in hong kong film.	positive
a clever narrative about education through cultural conflict.	positive
has a storyline full of turns upon tangles . . . and a continuous procession of parody-tarantino sleazebag types that begins clever but veers into excess.	positive
ultimately seems like just one more in the lengthy series of films this year regarding the industry of producing films.	negative
novel methods of depicting negativity need to be created to articulate precisely how terrible it is.	negative
its storyline and animation provide daytime television usability, but not much else.	negative
a captivating depiction of ethical voidness	positive
a carefully-crafted but emotionally tumultuous film whose protagonist offers his essence solely to the canine.	negative
the breathtaking , ethereal imagery will amaze even those spectators who have little tolerance for euro-film affectation .	positive
the most repulsive adaptation of a timeless text since roland joffé and demi moore's the crimson letter.	negative
a stifling assault-revenge nightmare that depends on the subgenre's most empowering victim . . . and a buoyant fondness for industrial-style meat coolers .	negative
the respective entreaties of sandra bullock and hugh grant have dwindled threadbare.	negative
77 minutes of pokemon may not endure 4ever, it just appears like it does. my only desire is that celebi could transport me back to a moment before i witnessed this film and i could just bypass it.	negative
a wildly unpredictable play with segments that make you cringe in humiliation and others, thanks to the performers, that are fairly moving.	negative
it's not challenging to identify the offender early-on in this foreseeable suspense.	negative
simply too foolish and juvenile to capture its intended audience.	negative
there's no escaping the fact that this is retribution of the nerds revisited -- again .	negative
loses its sense of wit in a container of failed jokes, anxious displays, and overall coarseness.	negative
while the glass shoe doesn't quite suit, pumpkin is certainly a distinctive contemporary fairytale.	positive
it's a gigantic quantity of glitter and very little substance. but what remarkable glitter it is! . . . in this interpretation its effervescence is contagious.	positive
I never believed I'd express this, but I'd far prefer to observe adolescents thrusting their appendages into fruit pastries!	negative
as a frisky movie about seductive individuals in stunning locations being tugged and drawn ( literally and metaphorically ) by longing . . . [sex and lucía] creates for an exciting good experience .	positive
disney's live-action sector has a history of launching cinematic debris , but this is one instance when they have discovered a rare treasure .	positive
Asia presents herself as Anna Battista, an Italian sensation and aspiring director who simply happens to be her own greatest adversary.	positive
time transformer may not be the most unforgettable film experience but its deep self-reflection message about our delicate existence and the lack of spiritual direction should at least infiltrate an abundance of perspectives	positive
. . . while undoubtedly intelligent in places, this excessively protracted, satirical update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a sufficient degree of inventiveness.	negative
smith outlines five remarkable american residences, and because the proprietors seem entirely cognizant of the applications and misuses of notoriety, it's a delight to relish their peculiarities.	positive
potentially the most reckless image ever issued by a prominent film studio .	negative
utterly terrible Iranian soap opera . . . as much enjoyment as a grumpy ayatollah in a chilly mosque .	negative
more a burden of pleasurable, conan-like nonsense than the torturous, special-effects spirit assaults the mummy films symbolize.	positive
" fragility " has been composed so excellently, that even a basic " damn it ! " near the conclusion takes on a completely different significance.	positive
a fragment of slightly amusing, harmless nonsense that floats aimlessly for 90 minutes before settling in the crevices of that ever-expanding category: unremarkable but forgettable.	negative
perhaps not since cantankerous elderly men have I heard a movie so firmly resonate with one demographic while failing with another.	negative
a tedious , ostentatious jumble that employs a sensational , true-life 19th-century offense as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not precisely certain what -- and has all the theatrical heft of a droplet .	negative
hugh grant's performance is so captivating that sometimes it's challenging to discern who the other performers in the film are.	negative
not as unique or even as amusing as its requires to stand out, but it has evidently been crafted with fondness and attention.	positive
the conclusion does leave you unsatisfied, but these are portrayals to appreciate in a noteworthy ensemble piece.	positive
wealthy in detail, splendidly filmed and elegantly performed, les destinees is, in its tranquil, grand manner, bold, creative and refreshingly uncommon.	positive
a delightful romantic farce that is by far the simplest dogme movie and among the most pleasurable.	positive
it's difficult not to be attracted by [witherspoon's] charm , even in this ordinary vehicle , because this girl knows how to steer it to the fullest .	positive
Although the editing might have been more succinct, hush! compassionately depicts the often unproductive life of young people in modern Japan.	positive
outrageously inept but cleverly titled half past deceased -- or for seagal cynics: utterly past his peak.	negative
it's simply not very clever.	negative
with mcconaughey in a completely irony-free area and bale diminished primarily to batting his delicate eyelids, there's not enough intellect, humor or creativity on the display to entice and maintain an older audience.	negative
Is desk work truly as isolating as 'Bartleby' so efficiently portrays it?	positive
there's indisputable pleasure to be derived from films packed with movie allusions, but the amusement diminishes -- then vanishes -- when there's nothing more occurring.	negative
a stunning and provocative film that plunges directly into the turbulent seas of paradox.	positive
regardless of its imperfections, secretary lingers in your mind and prompts you to challenge your own strongly held beliefs.	positive
bond-influenced ? certainly . probable to possess decades of existence as a timeless film series ? let's wish not .	negative
provides a whiff of the fresh atmosphere of genuine elegance.	positive
Reggio and glass so praise doubt, with repetition and languorous slow-motion sequences, that glass's elegiac score becomes a fang-bearing lullaby.	negative
do you greet " hey " to your partner when you arise in the morning ?	negative
the most unforgettable moment was when green hurled medical apparatus at a window; not because it was especially humorous, but because I had a severe urge to seize the elderly woman at the end of my aisle's walker and fling it at the screen in exasperation.	negative
Naipaul enthusiasts may be disheartened. Those who are not familiar with the author's oeuvre, on the other hand, may drift off quickly.	negative
Lucas has in reality approached more than anyone could wish for to the inexpensive, clumsy, clichéd sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s.	negative
the large conclusion twist nearly redeems the film. it's a shame that the remainder isn't more captivating.	negative
. . . its ridiculousnesses end up adhering in one's memory a lot more than the extraordinary bits .	negative
this film . . . doesn't merit the effort it requires to depict how terrible it is .	negative
Moore's execution amazes almost as much as her toil with Haynes in 1995's secure.	positive
there's a lot of excellent content here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unproductive roughness accompanying it .	negative
attribute it to my admiration for both de niro and murphy, but i had a fairly enjoyable time with this film - despite its numerous imperfections.	positive
more than compensates for its sentimental posing by presenting stirring bursts of authentic emotion.	positive
this sequel appears so akin to the 1953 disney masterpiece that it makes one yearn for an elderly peter .	negative
another pointless rehashing of a savage mid-'70s American athletics film.	negative
holds restricted attraction to those who enjoy detonations, cruelty and witnessing individuals batter each other to a mush.	negative
a reflective, poignant piece that confronts challenging issues with sincerity and elegance.	positive
i don't believe i've been as captivated and horrified by an asian movie since shinya tsukamoto's iron man .	positive
the movie itself is about something very fascinating and peculiar that would probably function better as a genuine documentary without the implication of average acting or a rather clichéd narrative.	negative
swift slice assignment.	negative
a couple of artistic embellishments aside, narc is as rough as a film gets these days.	positive
a serious expedition into a philosophical emptiness.	negative
an journey of splendor and variety that's been decades absent from the snack filling sound stages of hollywood.	positive
captivating and stunning movie, but those of you who peruse the novel are probable to be disheartened.	positive
the tale may not be novel, but australian filmmaker john polson, making his american feature debut, enlivens it up skillfully.	positive
if you appreciate your time and funds, locate an escape provision and evade witnessing this banal, foreseeable reiteration.	negative
too unfortunate maggio couldn't devise a superior script.	negative
there are as numerous misses as hits, but ultimately, it discovers humor in the quirks of human behavior, and it's a welcome comeback to the origins of a genre that should rely on surprises.	positive
a reflective , thought-provoking , consistently embodying film .	positive
unsettling and exceptional documentary.	positive
even those who would like to reject the film completely should find much to ponder and discuss .	positive
all of the components are in position for a fantastic film noir, but director george hickenlooper's method to the material is too cheerful.	negative
lee jeong-hyang narrates it so affectionately and captures it so wonderfully that i couldn't help being enchanted by it.	positive
an uplifting and emotionally-moving film about the desperate efforts of vietnamese exiles residing in u . s . resettlement camps to sustain their aspirations in 1975 .	positive
it is enchanting and delightful to watch goodall and her chimpanzees on the larger-than-life display.	positive
sounds piercing, basic and sudsy.	negative
there are several things more exasperating to a film enthusiast than witnessing an otherwise fine movie ruined beyond salvation by a catastrophic conclusion.	negative
one of those uncommon , thrilling film experiences that becomes even superior in retrospect , as you ponder its every detail in your mind .	positive
windtalkers honors the human essence and delivers an emotional impact.	positive
robust, lump-in-the-throat familial amusement that draws its strength by adhering to the truths.	positive
this evaluation of marine life off the coasts of the baja california peninsula of mexico provides an captivating method to showcase the benefits of the imax format .	positive
there's something unintentionally humorous in the movie's rhythm about genuineness, given the stale storyline and pornographic manner the film indulges in luxurious apartments, attire and gatherings.	negative
[javier bardem is] one of the unusual reasons to watch the film, which director gerardo vera has imbued in ethereal music and powerful melodrama.	negative
a generation x relic, capturing a short period of madness in the sports domain that surely cannot endure.	positive
they crush each other beneath vehicles, throw each other out windows, shock and dismember their victims in complete awareness. and we don't avert our gaze for a moment.	positive
the piano teacher , similar to its namesake character , is repulsively out of control .	negative
should have gone directly to video. it appears like an action film, but it's so badly crafted, on all levels, that it doesn't even meet the criteria as a parody of such.	negative
. . . a welcoming segment of cinema .	positive
clumsy but genuine and , ultimately , it conquers you over .	positive
a unexpectedly flat rehash, hindered by half-formed setups and sluggish tempo.	negative
what could have been a reliably heartening story is infused with intricacy.	positive
regardless of a performance of prolonged intellect from stanford and another of nuanced wit from bebe neuwirth , as an elder woman who entices oscar , the film falters on its absence of compassion for the social environment - affluent new york intelligentsia - and its off	negative
a playful and vibrant romantic comedy examining sexual dynamics and the obstacles of friendships between women.	positive
a piece of remarkable fragility and strength.	positive
both profoundly odd and endearingly precious.	positive
a gentle and poignant drama, based on the true tale of a troubled african-american's journey to come to grips with his roots, uncovers the longing we all possess in our souls for approval within the family circle.	positive
'the conflict of the roses , ' trailer-park style . amusing but like shooting fish in a cask .	negative
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday afternoon, and it still remains.	positive
despite being vivid, well-performed and stimulating, tuck everlasting struggles with a reticent tempo and an absence of conventional activity.	negative
andersson constructs a realm that's simultaneously surreal and disturbingly recognizable; ludicrous, yet profoundly sorrowful.	positive
the endeavor is genuine and the outcomes are truthful , but the movie is so grim that it's barely viewable .	negative
guardians beware ; this is utterly film atonement .	negative
. . . a refined and fairly earnest piece of distraction .	positive
its prejudice . . . dallies with propaganda .	negative
well-intended but uninspired.	negative
an accidental spoof of every adolescent film produced in the last five years.	negative
the activity is fairly well-executed . . . yet narrative , persona and humor bits are too uneven to ever fit seamlessly together .	negative
a cheerful , uplifting movie that embraces the age-old truth that the most potent thing in existence is affection .	positive
most remarkable , however , is the movie's unresolved conclusion that declines to completely heal its characters' emotional injuries .	positive
uno de los investigadores más interesantes de los últimos tiempos.	positive
never [plunges] into maltreatment .	positive
[director peter] jackson and his team have so immersed themselves in the grandeur of tolkien's prose that every shot produces fresh delights, whether you're an admirer of the volumes or not.	positive
[taymor] employs the concept of making kahlo's art a living, breathing element of the film, frequently propelling the artist into her own creations. this isn't a novel concept. it's been executed previously but never so vividly or with so much fervor.	positive
a frank and often intriguing documentary about a pentecostal congregation in dallas that constructs an intricate haunted mansion each year to frighten teenagers into participating in services.	positive
the carrier is as spirited and as amusing as it is unabashedly foolish	positive
the four plumes is certainly equine feathers, but if you participate in acknowledging that, you might have joy in this cinematic playground.	negative
this is a fantastic character examination , a delve into the existence of a complicated man .	positive
a very captivating thriller , combined with some clever plot mechanisms and some opulently constructed environments . . it's a valuable lesson in quantum mechanics and slash-dash	positive
there's nothing intriguing in disloyal whatsoever.	negative
jacobi, the most articulate of performers, is given relatively arid material from nijinsky's writings to enact, and the visuals, even sexually candid ones, become monotonously repetitive.	negative
it all appears and functions like a $40 million iteration of a game you're more inclined to appreciate on a computer.	negative
if nothing else, this movie showcases a hopeful, unconventional kind of mental horror.	positive
if welles was discontent at the likelihood of the human species dividing in two, he probably wouldn't be too thrilled with his great-grandson's film dividing up in pretty much the same manner.	negative
strangely, broomfield possesses intriguing new content but he doesn't reveal it until the conclusion, after countless scenes of him coaxing hesitant witnesses and directing his camera through the stained windshield of his rental vehicle.	negative
a tiring family saga about a china empire and just as challenging a film as its topic matter.	negative
besides being the most humorous film of the year, simone, andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood parody, has a wickedly peculiar allure to it.	positive
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the television-cops comedy showtime would appear to be impeccable casting. the twist is that they're encumbered with a manuscript that confines them from firing on all cylinders.	negative
part of the appeal of satin red is that it evades the evident with wit and levity.	positive
I discovered myself becoming increasingly exasperated and disengaged as Vincent grew more and more repugnant.	negative
it illustrates that some studios firmly believe that individuals have lost the ability to think and will ignore any inferior product as long as there's a bit of female-on-female interaction.	negative
this finely perceived tale , profoundly sensed and skillfully stylized , is a victory for its unconventional director .	positive
a praiseworthy tribute to an extraordinary humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '	positive
a humble triumph.	positive
if it appears like a trivial miracle that its septuagenarian lead is youthful enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's offspring, more astonishing still are the clear-minded audacity and subtle irony with which actor and director confront life's pressing inquiries.	positive
honestly , i can't comprehend why any performer of skill would ever participate in a mcculloch production again if they observed how this film ended up .	negative
an unexceptional , contemporary action/comedy companionship film whose sole reference to nostalgia is in the title .	negative
the final outcome is like chilly oatmeal with only the occasional pleasantly chewy clump.	negative
whether you're touched and value it, or apathetic or irritated by the movie, you'll still sense something.	positive
as unsteady as the storyline is, kaufman's screenplay is still remarkable for some fantastic one-liners.	positive
the issue with antwone fisher is that it has a script penned by antwone fisher based on the novel by antwone fisher.	negative
the guidance , by george hickenlooper , has no zeal to it , no sardonic spark or hard-headed cynicism .	negative
a display for both the picturesque beauty of the mountains and for renowned actor michel serrault, the film is less effective on other levels.	negative
a fraudulent fabrication based on speculation, trickery, and poorly devised theory.	negative
similar to the movie's nearly anthropologically intricate depiction of early-'80s suburbia, it's meaningful without being exaggerated.	positive
as a filmmaker, mr. ratliff cleverly declines the urge to ridicule his subjects.	positive
the entire situation is as foreseeable as can be .	negative
it's got the strength, but not the intelligence.	negative
sluggish play meandering its path to a lackluster philosophical revelation.	negative
as extended exhibit series continue, star trek: nemesis is even more representative of a 65th class gathering mixer where only eight remaining participants appear -- and there's nothing to drink.	negative
diane lane's refined performance can't salvage adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing.	negative
it's a slight comedy that attempts to balance charm with roughness, while it illustrates a bleak portrayal of the singles scene.	positive
this item is merely garbage .	negative
the intensified equilibrium of this tome/old cinema paradiso renders the movie a deeper encounter, like a bygone friend troubled by the pressures of time.	positive
concerning nowhere teenagers who asserted regions as they discovered them and morph into self-created renowned athletes -- a shabby version of the American dream.	positive
a bright cinematic depiction.	positive
this is rather risky content. but some unforeseen twists and turns assist.	positive
meyjes concentrates excessively on max when he ought to be occupying the screen with this tormented, boring artist and creature-in-the-creation.	negative
the reality that the novice is a almost flawless cinematic encounter -- and a marvelous all-ages victory besides -- is a wonder comparable to the tale the film depicts .	positive
a movie that loses focus of its own narrative.	negative
. . . the type of film you watch because the cinema has climate control.	negative
Australian artist/director John Polson and esteemed English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a remarkable effort at obscuring the obvious with energy and imagination.	positive
mckay appears ashamed by his own creation and attempts to hasten through the intermediary sections, seemingly wishing that the audience will not observe the obvious banality of the plot mechanism he has employed.	negative
the most terrible movie of the year.	negative
a mocking performance whose unyielding righteous/malevolent reversals are just captivating enough to make a sinner like me yearn for an even more fascinating, less equitable, less obviously cross-shaped creation.	positive
while easier to tolerate than most of jaglom's self-conscious and frustratingly annoying films, it's still blemished by clichés, agonizing improbability and ambiguous points.	negative
succeeds in being unique, even though it borrows many of its concepts.	positive
an ironic conjecture on democracy in a society unaccustomed to it.	positive
the french filmmaker has produced nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , agonizingly boring cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture appear enticing .	negative
in the title of an supposedly motivating and easily sellable film, the emperor's academy ignores the very past it pretends to educate.	negative
Eisenstein lacks substantial energy for a film concerning one of cinema's directorial titans.	negative
the powers group has crafted a comedy with more chuckles than many, no doubt. but this time there's some mildew on the treasure.	positive
the cameo-filled , m : i-2-satirizing title sequence is the most humorous 5 minutes to date in this espionage comedy franchise . . . then mike myers appears and spoils everything .	negative
it's a dull , clichéd cocktail utilizing the same olives since 1962 as embellishment . not only is entry number twenty the poorest of the brosnan group , it's one of the worst of the whole franchise .	negative
one of the best, most subtle representations of [jack nicholson's] career .	positive
a minor and apparent endeavor, even for one whose intended audience is likely still in the solitary digits, age-wise.	negative
for a substantial portion of its length, confined is a significant and limited thriller.	positive
tiresomely mimicking and exaggerated.	negative
it's earnest to a fault, but, unfortunately, not very engaging or much enjoyment.	negative
[a] soulless, silly follow-up . . .	negative
lacking a new injection of imagination, 4ever is neither a guarantee nor a menace so much as fanciful thinking.	negative
multiple degrees short of the gross-out competitions one anticipates from contemporary teen offerings.	positive
jason x has corny effects and a stale plot, but its grim, self-mocking sense of humor compensates for a lot.	positive
frida's creative genius is indisputable -- it's among the most stunningly crafted films i've ever witnessed.	positive
Lilia's metamorphosis from stern mother to alluring siren is superficially ridiculous, but Abbas imbues the role with an undeniable core of emotional authenticity.	positive
having never been a massive admirer of dickens' 800-page tome , it astonished me how much enjoyment i derived from viewing mcgrath's adaptation .	positive
binoche and magimel are ideal in these parts.	positive
if there's nothing novel about imitators , which was penned by mr . demeo , who created and helmed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the duration the movie feels genuine .	positive
( wendigo is ) why we visit the cinema : to be nourished through the eye , the soul , the intellect .	positive
small, delightful in comedies like american pie and spot-on in election, provides one of the most sorrowful action hero portrayals ever seen.	negative
here , adrian lyne approaches as near to depth as he is probable to achieve .	positive
the filmmaker has infused self-awareness into the proceedings at every twist. the outcomes are far more estranging than engaging.	negative
entertaining, touching and delightfully exasperating.	positive
some films are like a delicious appetizer; this one is a banquet.	positive
the keyboardist is a superb farewell piece for polanski , made deeper by his own experiences , making his other films somehow more valuable in the trade.	positive
from time to time , in the process of examining art-house rarities and slam-bang action movies , a weary reviewer collides with something genuinely fresh .	positive
bubba ho-tep is a fantastic film with a bold lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't merit to leave the building until everyone is cognizant of it.	positive
claude miller ventilates a confined storyline with a relaxed tempo and an emphasis on character conflict over crime-film intricacies.	positive
a historical saga with the bravery of its beliefs about both range and detail.	positive
offspring of the century, although nicely attired and well constructed, ultimately succumbs to the paradox that besets so many films about authors.	negative
I felt confined and with no clear way out for the whole 100 minutes.	negative
presents an uncommon chance to witness the disparities in the capital punishment, not only the intrinsic wrongness but also the random implementation of it and societal misunderstanding of how the entire system operates.	positive
check clockstoppers if you have nothing superior to do with 94 minutes. but be cautioned, you too may sense time has chosen to halt. or that the battery on your timepiece has expired.	negative
the performance alone is worth the cost of entry.	positive
the expert of masquerade is amusing--not " ha ha " amusing, " departed festival artist " amusing. and for all the mistaken reasons besides.	negative
bypass job to witness it at the initial chance.	positive
an immediately ignorable snow-and-stuntwork spectacle that probably will be overshadowed by a deluge of more attractive holiday-season offerings.	negative
excessive and somewhat pretentious, this is a film that's got heaps of flair and meaning.	positive
what little elegance [rifkin's] story of unstable skid-row dignity accomplishes is pushed into the outskirts by predictable storytelling and wearisome theatrics.	negative
the clichéd tale about a wealthy maiden in trouble who chooses to combat her tormentor of a spouse is simply too overused.	negative
but tongue-in-cheek absurdity has always been part of for the most part wilde's whimsical humor helps " being earnest " surmount its flaws and parker's inventive meddling . . .	positive
a thread that honors the marvel edition without becoming trapped by it.	positive
has no purpose to exist, other than to hire Hollywood youths and individuals who owe obligations to their renowned parents.	negative
it is chaotic, rude, unintelligible, cruel and ludicrous.	negative
this is a really excellent film -- go watch it .	positive
disregard the psychology 101 examination of romantic fixation and simply observe the parade of outfits in fortresses and this won't appear like such a drag.	negative
es entretenida, visualmente impresionante y muy agradable. simple y claramente te asombrará.	positive
. . . this isn't even a film we can relish as slight escapism; it is one in which dread and irritation are incited to unbearable levels.	negative
'ejemplo de una película en que no importa la habilidad de su elenco o lo intrigante que pudo haber sido su premisa, pues el resultado es francamente tedioso y, por instantes, lamentable.'	negative
the entire ensemble appears to be having so much enjoyment with the slapstick shenanigans and goofy street vernacular, tossing around obscure phrases like bellini and mullinski, that the concise 86 minutes zips by.	positive
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's rancid lagoon of recycled action nonsense .	negative
a disheartening validation of everything those of us who don't object to the label " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an uninterested , unappealing , overgrown frat boy with a cruel streak a mile wide .	positive
complete frontal is the remedy for soderbergh enthusiasts who believe he's become too mainstream since his two academy award nominated films in 2000	positive
the creators of mothman prophecies manage in producing that most terrifying of all films -- a mediocre terror flick too awful to be good and too decent to be bad .	negative
de oliveira produces an emotionally deep, poetically abundant and visually lavish, but never ostentatious, film whose bittersweet motifs are reinforced and brilliantly embodied by michel piccoli.	positive
as a recreational venue for the general populace, kung pow establishes a new standard for dullness.	negative
confused in its depictions as it starts to appear as lengthy as the two year romance which is its topic	negative
romanek maintains the film continually tense . . . mirroring the character's volatility with a metaphorical visual approach and a disturbing , heartbeat-like soundtrack .	positive
it's charming to hear madame d. call her spouse 'jackie' -- and he does serve as superb company, not least as a self-aware performer.	positive
frequently exhausting and heartbreaking to observe, but seldahl and wollter's exceptional performances elevate this well beyond the standard level of the typical sentimental illness film.	positive
astounding isn't the term -- neither is inept, illogical or just plain garbage. indeed, none of these terms really captures the very unique kind of failure that is deuces wild.	negative
the wrongdoing matters less than the characters, although the directors provide enough intricacies, near failures and treachery to satisfy us.	positive
a notable 179-minute contemplation on the essence of uprising.	positive
The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old inexperienced feature director is remarkable, considering her absence of experience and her subject matter.	positive
enduring through the final spool ( spoiler warning ! ) is considerably less delightful than hearing a four-year-old with an affinity for embellishment narrate his halloween journey to the spooky dwelling .	negative
a voyage through recollection , a commemoration of existence , and a sobering contemplation on mortality , social stratification , and naivety .	positive
the film's luscious, captivating allure will entice those prepared to explore its unfathomable enigmas.	positive
a genuinely touching experience , and a flawless illustration of how creativity -- when executed correctly -- can assist in healing , elucidating , and soothing .	positive
rifkin no doubt imagines himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there isn't an inch of genuine poetry in his entire script ; it's simply coarse and incessantly exploitative .	negative
frequently amusing.	positive
every follow-up you evade will be two hours conserved. consider this criticism life-enhancing.	negative
. . . excessively sentimental for its own benefit .	negative
even if the alluring prospect of a plethora of youthful actors in a film about campus debauchery didn't diminish amid the intentional, tiresome ugliness, it would be made monotonous by avary's inability to develop a narrative with even a hint of dramatic intrigue.	negative
an image as unpredictable as its central figure.	negative
every so often a film comes along that is so absurdly silly, so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you euphoric. half past departed is just such an achievement.	negative
a humorous , well-performed , character-focused comedy with surprising amounts of emotion .	positive
tender yet piercing and darkly comedic story.	positive
daughter from danang is a movie that ought to be viewed by everyone, particularly those who aren't conscious of, or have overlooked the unmentioned casualties of conflict.	positive
luminous, whimsical, seized with tint and volume, and rather a delightful instant.	positive
somewhere short of quakes on the contemporary b-scene: neither as humorous nor as astute, though an pleasantly unassuming way to spend ninety minutes.	positive
it utilizes a retro formula, it's not especially unique and it's rather disorderly -- but you simply have to love the big, silly, joyful film my enormous fat greek wedding.	positive
joyfully for mr . chin -- though unfortunately for his subjects -- the unseen hand of the marketplace penned a script that no human scriptwriter could have aspired to equal .	positive
crush might be the most terrible movie a man has created about women since valley of the dolls.	negative
4ever possesses the same sledgehammer allure as pokemon clips, but it exhales more on the large screen and triggers migraines more gradually.	negative
the movie is loyal to what one assumes are the novel's dual premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our guardians, but we have no clue who they were at our age; and that time is a transitory and valuable resource no matter how old you are.	positive
whatever parody fortunate chance was targeting for, it certainly got misplaced in the "soon-to-be-forgettable" section of the eccentric knock-off jail caper heap. it's trivial larceny like this that puts insubstantial movies like this behind bars.	negative
münch's authentic perception makes the film's sporadic excesses excusable.	positive
a very humorous perspective on how another culture manages the process of dating and matrimony.	positive
vibrant and daringly provocative.	positive
is anyone else out there becoming weary of the entire slow-motion, dual-pistol, ballistic-firework hong kong action style?	negative
much primate enjoyment for everyone.	positive
this 100-minute film only has approximately 25 minutes of acceptable content.	negative
in the audiobook market, the movie of "the child remains in the picture" would be a shortened version	negative
