Conversion Rates Between PPC and Organic Results. In a thread at Cre8asite Forums named Organic vs Paid traffic ROI, there is a discussion about conversion rates and ROI between pay per click traffic and organic traffic. I have ...	Tech
GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK (AP) -- Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong leader.	World
LG Electronics has unveiled the world's first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile phone and demonstrated its functions.	Tech
Iraq Mortar Attack Kills 25, Sistani Heads to Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A mortar attack on a mosque in Kufa on Thursday killed at least 25 people as Iraq's influential cleric went to Najaf to try to end a bloody three-week uprising.	World
CASEY COMMENTS NOT 'SMART' - VERPLANK The backlash to anti-American comments by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has started and is likely to get worse in the coming months.	Sports
Virgin's wish for Melbourne. Sir Richard said Melbourne was on his list, with flights to London possibly through Hong Kong or Bangkok. The British billionaire landed in Sydney yesterday aboard Virgin Atlantic's inaugural flight.	Business
Montgomerie, Woods, Furyk Tied at Target (AP) - Colin Montgomerie was thrilled to get an invitation from Tiger Woods to play in his year-end tournament with 15 best players in golf. Even better was matching Woods' score.	Sports
Oracle Overhauls Sales-Side CRM Apps (NewsFactor) - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has revamped its sales CRM applications in version 11i.10 of its sales, marketing, partner relationship management, and e-commerce application.	Tech
Microsoft and Swatch Partner on Wireless Watch (NewsFactor) - Microsoft has partnered with Swatch to deliver the latest in smart wristwatches using the software giant's MSN Direct wireless content-delivery technology.	Tech
Singapore shares ended lower Monday, hurt by below-expected third-quarter economic data that added to concerns over high oil prices and weakness on Wall Street.	Business
Bedding Blip? Go Back to Sleep This is getting old. Every time Hidden Gems selection Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) gets settled in and ready for a long night’s rest full of dreams of two-times-in-three-years capital gains.	Business
Silvestre's goals helped Man. United beat Liverpool. He became United's hero by scoring twice to secure a 2-1 victory while all eyes were on Rio Ferdinand returning after an eight-match ban.	Sports
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm began in 1985 in an unremarkable way -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' den. The space was small and crowded. The founding crew consisted of seven people, who were enthusiastic but low key.	Tech
SMART-1 enters lunar orbit The SMART-1 probe has entered lunar orbit, making history as the first European mission to do so. Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (ESA), said: "Europe"	Tech
McCline, Byrd say fight won't affect friendship Jameel McCline called heavyweight titleholder Chris Byrd, his friend, whenever he found out about his next fight to hear Byrd's opinion and discuss strategy.	Sports
Spanish PM to host French, German allies in Madrid summit - Ratification of an EU constitution and the question of terrorism will top the agenda when Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero welcomes French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to a summit Monday.	World
Scientists controlling cameras aboard Cassini in orbit around Saturn have recovered two extraordinary, contrasting images of the planet's most intriguing moons.	Tech
Stellar Putting Gives Europe a 2-0 Ryder Cup Lead. Inspired by a brilliant putting display, Europe secured the first two points in the opening fourball matches against the United States at the Ryder Cup Friday.	Sports
Loosing the War on Terrorism "Sven Jaschan, self-confessed author of the Netsky and Sasser viruses, is responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a virus roundup published Wednesday by antivirus company Sophos." "The 18-year-old Jaschan was taken into custody in Germany in May by police who said he had admitted programming both the Netsky and Sasser worms, something experts at Microsoft confirmed. (A Microsoft reward program led to the teenager's arrest.) During the five months before Jaschan's capture, there were at least 25 variants of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm Sasser." "Graham Cluley, senior consultant at Sophos, said it was staggering ...	Tech
IBM puts G5 in Linux server. The eServer OpenPower 720 is aimed at the entry-level market for 64-bit Linux servers and runs configurations of IBM's Power5 at 1.5 and 1.65GHz.	Tech
US launches fresh attack on Taliban The US-led coalition in Afghanistan has begun a big offensive against militants loyal to the ousted Taliban regime to quash attempts to disrupt parliamentary elections next spring.	World
Iraq cleric to end Najaf revolt Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr agrees to end uprising in Najaf.	World
HP shifts focus for HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has dropped plans to enhance its HP-UX operating system with new high availability and clustering technology obtained in its 2002 acquisition of Compaq. The company will shift its development focus to new areas, as it attempts to convince customers that there is still life in its Unix operating system.	Tech
Why 2004 was the year of the blog A US dictionary publisher declares "blog" as one of the words of the year.	World
Casino owners team up in Macao MACAO Publishing & Broadcasting said it bought a stake in Stanley Ho's latest gambling project as Asia's two leading casino operators team up to expand in the region.	Business
Peru Launches Offensive to Retake Town. LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities on Monday launched an offensive to retake a police station and end a three-day siege by former soldiers in a southern town.	World
CVS Corp. on Thursday said it would offer the first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.	Tech
Owen holds the key. Michael Owen will have one last chance to prove his fitness and possibly determine which formation England will use against Wales on Saturday.	Sports
Toys Will Be Toys Trust me, you don’t want to see desperate parents shopping during the holidays. I was at Circuit City last week and saw a mother pleading with a clerk for a Nintendo DS system.	Tech
UN organizes open-source software day across Asia The United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN), will organize Software Freedom Day on Saturday to educate Asian users about the benefits of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) and encourage wider use in the region.	Tech
IBM plans a Web meeting service aimed at WebEx. The new Lotus Web Conferencing Service, expected next month, requires users to register an account, have an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a phone.	Tech
Broadband Providers Monitor Philly's Plans To Offer Citywide Wi-Fi - With Philadelphia's proposal to install a citywide wireless network, will there be love between the city and its broadband providers?	Tech
Citrix is buying Net6, a maker of SSL VPN technology, for $50 million cash, Citrix said Tuesday.	Tech
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China's Economic Surge. BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac declared Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail, and energy deals, played down any threat from one of the world's fastest growing economies.	World
China's trade volume will reach 1.1 trillion US dollars in 2004, up 30 percent from 2003, with a trade surplus of about 10 billion US dollars, said Assistant Minister Yi Xiaozhun.	Business
French Take Gold, Bronze in Single Kayak ATHENS, Greece - Winning on whitewater runs is in the family for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, though an Olympic gold is new. Peschier paddled his kayak aggressively but penalty-free in both semifinal and final runs on the manmade Olympic ...	Sports
Arafat to seek treatment in France RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is about to leave his compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two helicopters from Jordan were expected to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday.	World
Colgate to Cut 4,400 Jobs, Shut Plants NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. will cut about 4,400 jobs, or 12 percent of its workforce, and close nearly a third of its factories under restructuring, the company said.	Business
India must recognize realities: PM Prime Minister Manmohan Singh responded to Left criticism of his call to US President George W. Bush, saying India must recognize realities.	World
Conference fumbles status ATLANTA - Tommy Tuberville isn’t much into computers and formulas to determine who should play for college football’s national championship.	Sports
Tennis: Roddick and Williams ousted ATHENS Shocked Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams joined top seed Roger Federer in the favorites' exodus from the Olympic tennis tournament Wednesday.	Sports
Atlanta police arrest Braves player on DUI charge ATLANTA - An Atlanta Braves player is in jail today after being arrested on a charge of driving under the influence. The DUI Task Force arrested shortstop Rafael Furcal about 4:20 am.	Sports
Nasa to resume shuttle missions The American space agency Nasa says the first shuttle mission since the Columbia disaster of 2003 will be launched next May or June.	Tech
Jury Can Hear of Kobe Accuser's Sex Life - Prosecutors suffered a setback in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, losing an attempt to keep the NBA star's lawyers from telling jurors about the alleged victim's sex life.	Sports
Bad Day for Drug Companies - Patients LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals faced a triple whammy Friday as Pfizer, AstraZeneca, and Eli Lilly shocked the market with bad news about key products.	Business
Marathoning mice could have effects on obesity A molecular switch known to regulate fat metabolism appears to prevent obesity and turns laboratory mice into marathon runners, a Salk Institute study found.	Tech
CRICKET: Kaspa has selectors in a bind MICHAEL Kasprowicz has put national selectors into a difficult situation with a five-wicket burst that has enhanced Australia’s hopes of snatching a maiden Champions Trophy in London this month.	Sports
Crazy fan disrupts Weir's round IN an unpleasant repeat of the Athens marathon fiasco, Mike Weir was grabbed by a fan as he walked to the 11th tee during the final round of the Canadian Open on Sunday.	Sports
Kremlin rules out inquiry on Beslan LONDON President Vladimir Putin of Russia has ruled out a public inquiry into the Beslan school siege and snarled at those who think he should do business with Chechen militants, two British newspapers said.	World
Human gene total falls below 25,000. A report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the genome has revised the estimated number of genes downward.	Tech
Gold Indian Coin Expected to Fetch £27,000 - An Indian gold coin nearly 1,900 years old showing one of the earliest depictions of Buddha is to be sold at auction, expected to fetch up to £27,000.	Tech
DATA VIEW: HK Exports Slow In July, Momentum Intact HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong's export expansion slowed in July, as expected, but continued at double-digit rates due to high trade volume with mainland China.	Business
$78,000 for a Cane That Helped a Legend Walk the Line Many of Johnny Cash's possessions were sold at Sotheby's, collecting $3,984,260 for the Cash family, more than double the pre-auction estimate.	World
UK cannot hold suspects indefinitely (OfficialWire) -- 12/16/04 -- Britain's highest court ruled Thursday against holding terror suspects without trial, stating the government cannot detain them indefinitely without trial.	World
Game on as Sony sets 100 tag on PSP. SONY is going head-to-head with Nintendo in the battle for the handheld games market. The company will price its PlayStation Portable (PSP) at about 100 for its launch in Japan.	Tech
Japanese Utility Plans IPO in October (AP) - Electric Power Development Co., a former state utility, said Friday it plans an initial public offering on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October, a deal that could be the country's biggest stock listing in six years.	World
China admitted it was worried about the stalling of six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons program and blamed the lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe by about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Indian-Americans praise Manmohan speech New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Indian-American community members at a meeting addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh welcomed his speech and expressed confidence that India would soon be a developed economy.	World
Keeping Mad Cow Out of Cosmetics Since mad cow disease appeared in the United States late last year, traced to a cow imported from Canada, federal regulators issued rules to prevent the spread of the fatal disease, focusing on limiting beef imports, testing and other measures to protect the domestic herd.	Business
Sudanese rebels and AU mediators met with Darfur's rebel leaders in Abuja on Friday ahead of the latest round of peace negotiations on the crisis in the western Sudanese region.	World
World Trade Organization holds off on sanctions over US anti... The World Trade Organization held off Wednesday on approving sanctions on US exports - ranging from cod to mobile homes - intended to punish Washington until it repeals the Byrd amendment.	Business
Musharraf Hopeful For Kashmir Solution ISLAMABAD, Pakistan: Nov 10 (SADA) - President General Pervez Musharraf Tuesday hoped that debate on options he outlined on the Kashmir issue would bring Pakistan and India closer to a settlement of the decades-old dispute.	World
Major teams bounce back in World Cup qualifiers LONDON: After mixed results in the weekend's qualifiers, Europe's major countries asserted authority this morning with France, England, and Italy winning away.	Sports
Freddie Ljungberg says Arsenal must stop letting in stupid goals or face another season of heartache. The disappointed Swede reckons the Gunners have wasted a golden opportunity.	Sports
Washington Baseball Fans Await Word on Expos (Reuters) - Baseball fans in the capital were anxiously awaiting word Wednesday that the troubled Montreal Expos would relocate to the city for the 2005 season.	Sports
Schwarzenegger Signs 'Foie Gras' Bill - California will end force feeding of ducks, geese, and other birds to produce foie gras by 2012 under legislation signed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Tech
Microsoft and Dell will provide the Air Force with software and support services to simplify the acquisition process in an agreement worth up to \$500 million over six years.	Tech
Brazil legend Socrates is set to make his debut for Garforth Town on Saturday.	World
U.S.-Australia Swimming Rivalry to Heat Up INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The rivalry between the U.S. and Australia is set to heat up at the short course championships with most finals later Sunday featuring head-to-head clashes by the two powerhouses.	Sports
'Grateful' Kabul hostages look forward to returning to work. Three UN election workers freed nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan spoke of their gratitude to the Afghan people for supporting them during their plight.	World
IT companies face a loyalty test. Cisco, IBM, Microsoft, and SAP have the most loyal customers in IT, according to a report released today. They are some of the biggest, most successful IT vendors.	Tech
Intuit delves deeper into IT and revamps Quicken. The software maker adds a network management application and updates its Quicken personal-finance software.	Tech
Swap Your PC, or Your President The producer of ads featuring PC users who switched to Macs is applying the same tactic to political commercials. This time, he'll focus on former backers of President Bush, recruited online, who've changed allegiance. By Louise Witt.	Tech
Big merger could box Qwest. Qwest Communications may not be affected by a Sprint-Nextel merger, but its options could become limited. At one point, Qwest and Sprint were viewed as possible merger partners.	Business
Major League Soccer plans to start a new league to develop young players, part of its 10-year sponsorship deal with Adidas.	Sports
Low-Cost Airline Enters Bankruptcy Blaming excess capacity, high fuel prices, and descending fares, ATA Holdings Corp., parent of discount airline ATA Airlines, has filed for bankruptcy.	Business
It takes 6 Gators to match Bowden There are many ways to measure Bobby Bowden's stellar career as Florida State's football coach. There are the 277 of his Division IA leading 350 wins here, which is	Sports
Microsoft Reaches Antitrust Deal Software giant settles with Novell and CCIA, ending years of legal wrangling.	Tech
Fujitsu to announce Nocona servers Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. plans to unveil upgrades to the Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers that will use the 64-bit Xeon processor, code-named Nocona.	Tech
Apple iTunes Store Costs Vary Apple Computer (NASDAQ: AAPL) launched its iTunes Store in Canada. Is a website really a store when the company charges different rates in each country?	Tech
Nikkei Hits 2-Week Low TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell for a third session to hit a two-week low on Friday as renewed earnings concerns prompted selling in Tokyo Electron, Sony, and other tech stocks.	Business
Bidding is hot for hotel eyed for condos. The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is for sale, and its views of the Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly.	Business
Stocks in a rut According to the FTSE World Index, Japan has been the best performer of major markets with a 6 per cent rise in dollar terms, while Germany, down 7.7 per cent, was the worst.	Business
Germans Use Nokia Phones in Ticket Trial The top mobile phone maker Nokia said Tuesday its phones would be used in a project to test wireless public transport fares in Hanau, near Frankfurt, Germany, beginning early next year.	Tech
Brighter Previews for Pictures Epson's Photo Fine technology promises vivid, crisp colors on digital LCDs.	Tech
IBM is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business. It would mark the end of an era for the company that brought computers into the mainstream when it began selling its desktop PC to corporations and consumers in 1981.	Business
Oil Prices Retreat on Signs Economy Hurting NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell sharply after setting record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday as dealers took profits on signs that energy costs are hurting growth.	Business
Militants in Iraq beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley three weeks after kidnapping him to press a demand for the release of women held by U.S.-led forces, a video seen by Reuters showed.	World
GAME NOTES: The 24th-ranked Memphis Tigers and the fifth-ranked Orange are set to face off in the title game of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic. The Orange posted an impressive 71-58 victory over 12th-ranked.	Sports
Florida deaths blamed on Hurricane Frances State and local officials Tuesday said nine people died in Florida due to Hurricane Frances. The following describes those deaths: - A 15-year-old grandson and a former son.	Sports
Kansas Gets Chance For Revenge Against Nevada The second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses last season when they welcome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
IBM protects passwords with PC chip New PCs will ship with a chip designed to thwart hackers--a hardware approach said to be safer than software.	Tech
Boeing trying to keep up Aircraftmaker seeks buyers for new ... Seattle -- The assembly line at Boeing's Everett plant is designed to keep moving continuously as workers scramble over the silvery bodies of 777s, applying finishing touches.	Business
Kerry Vows to Tell Truth as President (Reuters) - Democrat John Kerry on Friday dismissed the Republican convention as "bitter and insulting" and promised to be a president who would tell Americans the truth.	World
Study: Return of Wolves Changes Ecosystem - Scientists studying the effects of wolf reintroduction said evidence suggests that killing predators like wolves and grizzly bears in the last century started a cascade of effects that threw ecosystems out of balance.	Tech
Dubois helps Maine beat Dartmouth. David Dubois scored a game-high 17 points as Maine secured a 58-52 basketball victory over Dartmouth last night in Hanover, N.H.	Sports
Iran pledges to halt nuclear work. The head of Iran's nuclear energy organization said work would stop at two facilities in Isfahan and Natanz.	World
Ford emphasizes commitment to motorsport. Despite confirming the sale of Jaguar Racing and its Cosworth engine, Ford Motor Company has stressed it remains committed to supporting motorsport at all levels.	Sports
Federer relieved to return Roger Federer seems unbeatable after showing no signs of a torn thigh muscle to defeat Argentina's Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the opening match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston.	Sports
Wenger Spares Lehmann Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-faced in Athens as two mistakes ensured that a Champions League victory slipped through his fingers again.	Sports
Earnhardt: Take money, not points Dale Earnhardt Jr. wants NASCAR to change its punishment for swearing on broadcasts before another driver makes a similar slip of the tongue.	Sports
Two Turkish soldiers were killed when their vehicle hit a land mine in southeastern Turkey, and an oil pipeline was damaged by a bomb in attacks Sunday blamed on Kurdish rebels, the Anatolia news agency reported.	World
World Cup triumph means more money. England's first Rugby World Cup triumph a year ago generated profits of 13.5 million pounds (\$29.8 million Cdn) despite lost revenue from a lack of home games.	Sports
Villeneuve and Sauber With Jacques Villeneuve testing for Renault today at Silverstone, there is speculation this could change things for next season when Giancarlo Fisichella is due to join Fernando Alonso at Renault F1.	Sports
Mosley Unable to Escape Winky's Jab Las Vegas, NV: You have to credit Sugar Shane Mosley. For the second time in his career, the former champion valiantly tried to reverse a thorough beating by jumping into an immediate rematch.	Sports
Sales boost for House of Fraser Shares in UK department store group House of Fraser have risen after the firm cut half-year losses and saw solid sales growth.	Business
Madrid Bomb Victims Criticize 'Schoolyard Politics' MADRID (Reuters) - Victims of the Madrid train bombings rebuked politicians for seeking to gain from the tragedy that killed 191 people, injecting humility into a previously raucous parliamentary investigation.	World
Philippines mourns dead in Russian school siege The Philippines Saturday expressed "deepest sympathy" to families of the dead in the Russian school siege Friday, in which 322 people were killed when Russian troops stormed.	Tech
Gophers hope to hit ground running at Michigan If Minnesota wants to leave Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, it better hope its offense is its old self and defense isn't.	Sports
North Korea Says the Tyrant is Bush, not Kim North Korea sees no reason to join a meeting with the United States to prepare for six-party talks on the communist state's nuclear weapons development.	World
DATA VIEW: Singapore Aug Indus Output Below Expectations SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore's industrial output rose a smaller-than-expected 5.3% on year in August, as pharmaceutical production fell sharply from a high base a year ago.	Business
Dave Hyde column, October 25, 2004 In somber tones, the president, athletic director, and no-longer-the-football-coach took turns announcing a University of Florida firing Monday that was surprising only for coming sooner rather than later.	Sports
N.Korea called worst for press freedom. Media watchdog Reporters Without Borders labeled North Korea and Cuba the worst for press freedom, with Denmark as the best.	World
"Blog," short for "Weblog," was the most-requested definition at Merriam-Webster's online dictionary site, the publisher says.	Tech
Is Google the Next Netscape? To draw a parallel between Netscape and Google in their fight against Microsoft, it is necessary to examine the similarities between the two situations and see if the tactics that worked will work now.	Tech
IBM's new eServer supports AMD dual-core processors. IBM is looking to gain an advantage with the October 15 launch of the eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that supports AMD's upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
Calif. Official Backs Anthem-WellPoint LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance commissioner Tuesday ended opposition to Anthem Inc.'s proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks after Anthem agreed to increase funding for state health projects.	Business
Opportunity Rover Finds Rocky, Maybe Watery, Evidence (SPACE.com) NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may indicate a second water event in the red planet's past.	Tech
Pakistani security forces killed the country’s most wanted terrorist allegedly involved in an assassination attempt on President Musharraf and indicted in the murder of a US journalist.	World
It’s got to be Cole on the left. Football365’s top pundit looks ahead to England’s international double-header and calls for Joe Cole to be given the nod on the left. Of the three left-sided options available to Sven-Goran Eriksson on Saturday, I would go for Joe Cole.	Sports
Singh rules world yet to embrace him. On Monday, the newly crowned No. 1 walked into a room to face the world’s golfing media, having just defeated Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston.	Sports
US economy slowed more sharply in the second quarter as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled, government said in a report that confirmed momentum faltered in spring.	Business
Unrest Spreads To Southern Iraq (CBS/AP) As US forces bombarded Fallujah and clashed with militants in Baghdad, there was unrest in the British-patrolled city of Basra.	World
Nokia Shrinks 'Brick' Handset to Tap New Markets - Nokia, the world's biggest handset maker, unveiled a miniature version of its equivalent of the Swiss Army knife it hopes will attract women and less-techie business people.	Tech
Canadian Champion Jacques Villeneuve Joins Swiss Team Former world champion Jacques Villeneuve has signed a deal to drive for the Sauber Petronas Formula One team next season.	Sports
Mars gases reveal clues for life. Water vapor and methane have been found in the same places on Mars, strengthening speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial life, scientists say.	Tech
Applebee's predicts earnings and unit rise. Company sees doubling units to at least 3,000; predicts 17% earnings rise over next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Restaurant chain Applebee's International.	Business
Mobile phone sales will surpass fixed lines in 2004: report (AFP) - Mobile phones are expected to generate more revenue this year than traditional fixed-line services for the first time due to surging demand in developing countries like China, India, and Russia, an industry report said.	Tech
Iran's foreign minister stated that Iran will never give up its right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful use, though he denied intent to produce weapons.	World
Earthquake Rocks Indonesia's Bali, One Dead. BALI, Indonesia (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake rocked Indonesia's tourist island of Bali Wednesday, killing one person, injuring at least two and triggering panic, officials said.	World
Final edition for a respected Asian newsweekly HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, an incisive newsweekly for over half a century, will become a monthly magazine in December, and nearly all employees will lose jobs, Dow Jones announced Thursday.	Business
Apache Rejects Microsoft Licensing Demands For Anti-Spam. The Apache Software Foundation, developers of the open-source Apache web server, said Thursday it wouldn’t support the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID, due to licensing terms from Microsoft.	Tech
MDs: Vioxx not the only drug to help arthritis The withdrawal of Vioxx may impact Merck & Co.'s revenues, but it isn't a setback for arthritis patients, doctors said Friday, because many drugs offer the same relief.	Business
UK to assess Iraq troop move A reconnaissance team will visit the area around Baghdad where UK forces could be sent to provide US support.	World
Olympics: High-Flying Holm Aims to Defy Science (Reuters) - Sweden's gold medal-winning high jumper Stefan Holm believes he can leap higher, but scientists say he and other athletes are near the limit of what they can achieve.	Tech
WTO approves sanctions against US. The European Union, Japan, and others can impose heavy sanctions against US firms dumping goods from early next year.	Business
Report: EADS Could Link With Thales The French government is considering a link of European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co. with Thales SA to create an aerospace giant, financial daily Les Echos reported.	Business
Oswalt wins 19th as Astros keep pace. Roy Oswalt became the NL's first 19-game winner, and the Houston Astros stayed close in the wild-card race with a 10-3 victory over St.	Sports
Chargers Postgame Show Denver was poised to take the lead when cornerback Drayton Florence knocked away an end zone pass for Rod Smith. The pass ricocheted to safety Jerry Wilson for an interception.	Sports
Martin announces overhaul of key staff in Prime Minister's Office (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin announced a major overhaul of his senior staff Wednesday, with several close confidants and one ex-cabinet minister handed major roles in the Prime Minister's Office in a post-election shakeup.	World
Moscow Rail Station Evacuated on Bomb Threat, Interfax Says Moscow police are conducting a partial evacuation at Kursk railway station in central Moscow as they search for explosives after receiving an anonymous phone call from a man.	World
Analysis: PeopleSoft users speak on Oracle takeover. The debate over the impact of Oracle's hostile takeover of PeopleSoft has analysts weighing in. However, in most analysis, one group's opinion seems overlooked: PeopleSoft users.	Tech
US Forces Move Deeper Into Fallujah; Clashes in Mosul US and Iraqi forces are pushing deeper into Fallujah on the fifth day of a joint offensive to drive out insurgents.	World
Static over RFID: A key patent holder wants royalties. If that starts a trend, adoption of radio frequency identification technology could suffer.	Tech
Subsidy ruling a victory for sugar producers The Federal Government praised a World Trade Organisation ruling that European subsidies for sugar producers breach international trade rules.	Business
Photos Plus Music Equals an Expensive iPod - Apple added color to the iPod with the iPod mini in pastel hues, and now it has added color in the new iPod Photo.	Tech
Australian man killed by shark on Great Barrier Reef (Canadian Press) CAIRNS, Australia (AP) - A 38-year-old Australian man bled to death Saturday after being rescued from a shark while spearfishing on the Great Barrier Reef, authorities said.	World
IBM launches Power5 servers. IBM has expanded its eServer range with three multi-processor systems aimed at datacentres and large enterprises.	Tech
Dollar falls to overnight low The dollar hits a record low against the euro, raising concerns about the German and eurozone economies.	Business
Warren tones down his bark. The views of the host do not reflect those of the station or its sponsors. The Browns were not thrilled when Warren said he would pay a $50,000 fine to eliminate Roethlisberger.	Sports
Pfizer: Celebrex Safe After News NEW YORK/OTTAWA (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">PFE.N</A> said Thursday its arthritis drug Celebrex was safe after a Canadian newspaper linked it to 14 deaths.	Business
Disappearance of baby Azaria to remain Australia's greatest mystery - The disappearance of baby Azaria Chamberlain 24 years ago is expected to remain one of Australia's most celebrated mysteries after the coroner's office ruled there was no new evidence to justify reopening the case.	World
NOBEL LAUREATE TO CONVEY CHEN'S GOODWILL TO BEIJING LEADER AT APEC Taipei, Nov. 12 (CNA) Academia Sinica President Lee Yuan-tseh will convey President Chen Shui-bian's goodwill to Chinese President Hu Jintao at the informal leadership meeting.	World
Germany and France support inviting Turkey to EU membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.	World
Pa. Golfer Cleared of Not Yelling 'Fore' (AP) - A golfer hit in the face by an errant ball was unable to convince a jury that the man who struck him was negligent for failing to yell "Fore!"	Sports
Last Gasp of a Dying Star? Spacecraft to Find Out A new spacecraft is being prepared to make the fastest, most detailed study of gamma ray bursts from deep space.	Tech
US stocks rose Friday as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods excluding transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices limited gains.	Business
Harry Flies Home after 'Kidnap Plot' Claims Prince Harry flew back to the UK from Argentina today amid reports of a plot to kidnap him. Local media reported gunshots at a polo ranch where he was working.	World
EU Move on Cyprus Eases Way for Turkey Deal BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey inched toward a historic agreement on starting membership talks Friday as EU leaders softened their demands on the crucial sticking point of Cyprus.	World
Ian Crocker of the United States set a world record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly at the championships on Sunday.	Sports
BenQ Readies iPod Rival Hard-drive digital audio player available by year-end.	Tech
Ackermann refocuses Deutsche FRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, Deutsche Bank chief executive, announced a personnel shake-up Tuesday aimed at solidifying leadership in its profitable investment banking and restoring confidence in its commitment to Germany.	Business
NASA's "Weightless Wonder" makes final flight. HOUSTON -- The turbojet, known as the "vomit comet" for training astronauts for weightlessness, made its final flight Friday.	Tech
Oil Eases as Fuel Costs Hit Economy (Reuters) - Oil prices ended lower Tuesday on signs that high energy costs are slowing economic growth that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil consumption.	Business
Understanding Google AdWords Unlike many search engines, Google marks search listings that are paid placements. In fact, Google AdWords appear in a section on the left side of the screen. Google AdWords provide an inexpensive advertising venue for businesses to promote products or services to a targeted audience.	Tech
High court hears dispute over Michigan wine sales. The Supreme Court is considering whether Michigan and other states may bar people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers, a major question that could lead to changes in how alcoholic beverages are regulated.	Business
Dollar Steady Ahead of Jobs Report LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held firm above this week's record low against the euro on Friday, with dealers reluctant to take positions ahead of key U.S. jobs figures.	Business
Oklahoma State's seniors secure victory. Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim, while watching tape of Oklahoma State in preparation for their encounter at the Jimmy V Classic, thought, "we might not even be able to play with this team."	Sports
"Halo 2" has game fans ATLANTA - For many video game addicts, the buzz on the sequel to "Halo" is louder than a machine gun in their ears.	Tech
Far from fun and games for Jones ATHENS, Greece -- Other than your fifth-place finish in the long jump and the missed baton pass in the 400-meter relay for a big fat "Did Not Finish," how did your day go, Marion Jones?	Sports
Singapore govt extends third-party war risk insurance SINGAPORE: The government is extending third-party war risk insurance to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a unit of Singapore Airlines.	Business
'Cities in crisis' leaders warn that rapid urbanisation will become one of the biggest challenges of the 21st Century.	Tech
Exeter University will drop chemistry teaching. The Royal Society of Chemistry called this move 'disastrous.'	Tech
Bill Gates Gets 4 Million E-Mails a Day Bill Gates might not use AOL, but he has mail. The Microsoft chairman receives millions of messages a day, said Steve Ballmer, the company's CEO. "Bill receives 4 million e-mails per day, most of it spam," Ballmer said Thursday.	Tech
Yankees stay in tune Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Orioles, 5-2, yesterday in Baltimore.	Sports
Sprint, SBC Announce Wi-Fi Roaming Pact Customers of Sprint and SBC will use both companies' wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a deal announced Friday.	Tech
China Wins Paralympics China dominated the medals race at the Paralympic Games that ended Tuesday, and officials expect a similar performance when Beijing hosts the games in four years.	Sports
RealNetworks signs Red Flag Linux roundup. Plus: Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7...SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss...SAP taps search technology.	Tech
"Cure" a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors At a time when more people are cured of cancer than ever, fewer doctors seem willing to say so. They call cancer undetectable or in remission. They tell patients they can quit seeing specialists. They quote statistics and say chances are slim the disease will return.	Tech
UK to take tougher line on ultrawideband. Report for British regulator calls for wireless technology to be more strictly controlled than in the US.	Tech
FTC Endorses Bounty for Spammers The US Federal Trade Commission has endorsed a plan to reward insiders for information leading to the arrest and conviction of people or companies that produce spam.	Tech
IBM, LG Electronics to End Joint Venture International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end an eight-year alliance that expanded the US computer maker's presence in the South Korean PC market.	Business
Telescope detects giant planet A telescope has spotted a giant planet circling a distant star, using a technique that could open a new phase of planetary discovery, scientists say.	Tech
Andreas Herzog Retires From Soccer (AP) - Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Andreas Herzog, who played for Austria in the 1990 and 1998 World Cups, retired from professional soccer Wednesday.	Sports
Important Rules for Phone Market Face F.C.C. Vote Next week, the FCC will likely change rules on unbundled networks in ways favorable to Regional bells.	Business
Steelers Downgrade Staley From Probable - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded Saturday from probable to questionable for Sunday's game against the Eagles.	Sports
Top exec shares lessons Jeff Raikes was at Apple in the early 1980s when Steve Ballmer called and asked him to interview for a product-management job at a software company in Seattle.	Tech
Invasion of the Data Snatchers - Think your PC is safe? Think again. A study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, viruses, and threats from hackers and pranksters. Ignorance may be bliss for some, but for computer users, not knowing can be costly and inefficient.	Tech
Hague Court Imposes Defense Counsel on Milosevic. THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Judges at The Hague tribunal on Thursday imposed a defense counsel on former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to avoid delays in his war crimes trial.	World
Cricket: Dubai academy The International Cricket Council will open a global cricket academy to improve standards of lesser nations.	World
Investors weigh oil prices. NEW YORK Another rise in oil prices is putting pressure on stocks, which are mixed. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 12 points at 10,165.	Business
Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is proud of brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, but wants to step out on his own.	Sports
Wounded troops detail fierce fight LANDSTUHL, Germany - Four US servicemen wounded last week in Fallujah described intense fighting with a skilled enemy, adept at marksmanship and rigging booby traps.	World
Update 1: Negotiators Meet at WTO for Farm Talks Negotiators met Friday at the World Trade Organization for farm talks, concluding a week of informal discussions on ways to reach a wider liberalization accord by the end of 2005.	Business
Conte goes on TV and names names. As the bassist for Tower of Power, Victor Conte laid down a song's backbone by playing a series of notes.	Sports
British industry at best in 10 years Manufacturing is enjoying its strongest performance for almost 10 years, according to a survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
IBM Chips May Someday Heal Themselves New technology applies fuses to help identify and repair faults.	Tech
A NetRatings survey shows broadband users are a majority in the US. AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A majority of US home Internet users have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings.	Tech
Junqueira beats Bourdais to take Lexmark Indy 300 The race for the Champ Car drivers' title goes to Mexico City in two weeks. Bruno Junqueira won yesterday's Lexmark Indy 300 ahead of teammate Sebastien Bourdais, stalling Bourdais' run to the 2004 championship.	Sports
Red Hat replaces CFO Charles Peters Jr. as the company deals with the aftereffects of restating its earnings for the past three fiscal years.	Tech
Vller quits Roma after Bologna loss. Rudi Vller said he left Roma after less than four weeks. Roma lost 3-1 to Bologna in Serie A on Saturday, even though the opponents played for 40 minutes with nine men.	Sports
Off-day would have been welcomed by Sox. After another disappointing road trip - the White Sox were 3-4 on a swing through Detroit and Cleveland - a day off would look enticing.	Sports
Rugby-Lions accept extra match on 2005 New Zealand tour The British and Irish Lions have accepted an extra match on their tour of New Zealand. The Lions will play strong Auckland provincial.	Sports
Interview: OSDL chief Stuart Cohen - Part 2 In the second of a two-part interview, Open Systems Development Labs chief Stuart Cohen shares his views on Linux security, desktops, the Domino effect towards Linux, and why Microsoft will eventually port to Linux.	Tech
Mars mission hailed as breakthrough The discovery that Mars could have supported life billions of years ago has been ranked by editors of international journal Science as the most important scientific achievement of 2004.	Tech
A Card to Your Future 401(k) credit card would give millions of American workers a chance to borrow from their retirement savings plans.	Business
Job numbers give candidates room to debate. WASHINGTON - Employers increased hiring in August, adding 144,000 jobs and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
The king who courted the Khmer Rouge and survived The career of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has been a bewildering trail of political twists. Now the man called the 'mercurial monarch' has announced his abdication.	World
AMD et Chartered signent des contrats d'approvisionnement. SUNNYVALE, Calif. and SINGAPORE--(BUSINESS WIRE) 9 Novembre 2004--Chartered adopte la fabrication automatique d'AMD et prévoit de fabriquer des processeurs AMD64 en 2006.	Tech
Before the Bell - ESS Technology drops 4.4 pct Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research), a maker of chips for DVD equipment, fell 4.4 percent in premarket trading Monday after the company lowered its third-quarter revenue and earnings.	Business
Microsoft's "landmark agreement" with England's Department of Health to renew its license for desktop products could save an estimated $608 million.	Tech
EU, US Talks On Aircraft Aid Grounded US and EU negotiators traded arguments Thursday over state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, but wound up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam ahead of the US presidential election.	Business
Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new search company backed by the Chinese government that claims its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.	Tech
AOL Upgrades Multimedia Search Site. America Online Inc. on Wednesday launched new features in its Singingfish search site for audio and video on the Web. AOL is a division of Time Warner Inc.	Tech
Court: File-swapping software not liable for copyright violations Makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for songs, movies and other copyright works swapped online by users, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a blow to the entertainment industry.	Tech
Karzai's Poll Lead Highlights Afghan Ethnic Divide (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was headed to victory in Afghanistan's first direct presidential elections, but Wednesday's returns underscored the ethnic fault lines that divided the country.	World
Soy-Fertility Risk Downplayed (WebMD) A diet rich in soy or soy supplements likely won't harm a woman's fertility, according to a new study.	Tech
Virgin Mobile's growth prospects disappoint. Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile forecasts higher earnings and margins, but disappointing predictions for revenue.	Business
Stanford picked to win Pac-10 Tara VanDerveer stepped to the dais at Pacific-10 Conference women's basketball media day Tuesday and was asked to make an opening comment.	Sports
Ivory Coast facing UN sanctions. France is pushing for a resolution seeking an arms embargo and other penalties against Ivory Coast. France's UN ambassador, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, hopes for a vote this week.	World
Starting for Cardinals Has Privileges St. Louis is a collection of superstar players and anonymous pitchers.	Sports
U.S. Bishops Reviewing Sex Abuse Policy The nation's Roman Catholic bishops said Friday they will spend the next nine months deciding whether to make changes in the policy enacted during the clergy sex abuse crisis that includes permanently barring guilty priests from church work. The review was mandated in the "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People," the document adopted at an emotional June 2002 assembly in Dallas...	World
Jury Orders Medtronic to Pay \$109 Mln to Inventor A jury in federal court in Tennessee has ordered Medtronic to pay at least \$109 million to an inventor in a dispute over spinal fusion technology.	Business
Ljubicic Beats Hanescu at Open de Moselle Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia defeated Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-4, 6-4 Tuesday in the first round of the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal anguishing com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority's main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Grand Central enhances integration service, improving online service for moving business information between corporations.	Tech
United Airlines pilots would drop their opposition to the carrier's plan to eliminate traditional pensions under a tentative contract approved by union leaders.	Business
Lucent milestone: Profit Lucent Technologies yesterday posted higher fourth-quarter earnings, lifting the telecommunications equipment maker to its first profitable year since 2000.	Business
IDC: Software sales to reach \$189 billion. The market researcher predicted a 6.2 percent increase in software revenues in 2004.	Tech
Intel calls for Internet overhaul. The Net needs a new layer of abilities to address problems of capacity, security, and reliability, Intel's CTO says.	Tech
A catch? Lobsters. How does he like lobster? Boiled, steamed, broiled, baked, grilled? Newburg? Bahar Uttam prefers his with a capital L -- Lobsters -- and sees them frolicking on a tennis court rather than laid out on a plate. In Uttam's mind lurks a dish for the town's crowd, one that could satisfy the hunger of tennis junkies.	Sports
Sports Court Hears Hamm Gold Medal Appeal LAUSANNE, Switzerland - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal. The Court of Arbitration for Sport convened to hear the appeal from a South Korean gymnast who believes he was unfairly deprived of the gold in the men's all-around event in Athens last month due to a scoring error.	World
Rosetta Mission Sniffing a Comet The European Rosetta mission will sample a comet as it tries to hook onto its surface. A specially designed oven will cook the comet to sniff for recognizable elements.	Tech
Pfizer Inc. will provide health-care professionals with additional information about its Bextra arthritis drug and conduct further studies to confirm the drug's long-term cardiovascular safety.	Business
Water and robots on Mars chosen as tops in 2004 Science. The discovery by two rovers that the Red Planet had water and possibly could have supported life. That recognition comes today from the journal Science.	Tech
Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal judge Wednesday ruled that when users searched for GEICO, Google could display rivals as well.	Business
US team stumbles. Marion Jones, the queen of Sydney who finished the 2000 Olympics with five medals, ended her next Olympics much differently Friday -- out of medals and in tears.	Sports
Columbia Athletic Director Sounds Off - One day on the job, Columbia University athletic director M. Dianne Murphy wasted no time sharing her thoughts on the school's sports performance.	Sports
Ballesteros Hoping to Play Full Season Next Year MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros said he has made a dramatic recovery from back problems and hopes to play a full season next year on both sides of the Atlantic.	Sports
Red Hat opens propaganda offensive against Sun. A blog battle is waged between Red Hat's cheerleader Michael Tiemann and Sun Microsystems President Jonathan Schwartz.	Tech
Service packs, senators, and civil liberties &lt;strong&gt;Letters:&lt;/strong&gt; The bulging postbag reveals secrets.	Tech
Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat (Reuters) - President Bush is in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, tightening the race after the first debate last week, a poll Monday showed.	World
Pioneer replaces plasma TV power supplies. Certain Pioneer TVs have faulty power supplies. An upgrade is available.	Tech
Capriati unnerves Serena It was a year ago that Jennifer Capriati had this feeling. There she was, in Arthur Ashe Stadium, the lights glaring, more than 20,000 fans screaming. Only the opponent was different, as Capriati faced Justine Henin-Hardenne, serving for what would become one of the most important matches of her career. But that night, ...	Sports
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs PeopleSoft's board knew CEO Craig Conway erred in his comments, so it filed a corrected version of the transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
No deal on dollar as US shrugs off European pressure. Europe and Japan failed to persuade the United States to address the dollar's decline, despite talks at a fractious G20 meeting.	Business
GM Plans to Use Woods More Creatively - General Motors is thrilled Tiger Woods will promote Buick for the next five years, but GM chairman Rick Wagoner says the automaker could make better use of the world's best-known golfer.	Sports
Generals May Pay Price for Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal could end the careers of four Army generals linked indirectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four are singled out for varying degrees of criticism - mixed with praise - in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Crude oil futures rose above \$50 a barrel in New York on concern rebel attacks in Nigeria may reduce production while US inventories are near a 29-year low because of disruptions from Hurricane Ivan.	Business
Bush 'picks attorney general' White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales is the president's choice, sources say.	World
Study: Few Americans Buy Drugs Online Only 4 percent of Americans have used the Internet to buy prescription drugs, and even fewer do so through foreign pharmacies, despite sites maintained by a handful of states to help citizens import medicines more cheaply from Canada, a new study finds.	Tech
Approval Expected for Cellphone Deal Federal regulators will approve Cingular Wireless's \$41 billion purchase of AT&T Wireless today, officials said.	Tech
MLB Not Likely to Punish Steroid Users (AP) - Despite the fuss over admissions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi, and Gary Sheffield, major league baseball probably won't discipline them.	Sports
Mount St. Helens Sprouts Magma Extension (AP) - A new lava lobe inside Mount St. Helens' crater has sprouted a piston-like protrusion the size of a 30-story building, glowing red at night.	Tech
MEPS APPROVE REVAMPED COMMISSION Ending three weeks of stalemate, European lawmakers approved a new executive commission for the EU. MPs had refused to accept a team of commissioners proposed by Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso.	World
Japan boosts 'self-defence' measures After almost 60 years of pacifism, Japan overhauled its defence policy; easing an arms exports ban and singling out North Korea and China as threats.	World
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson scored 12 of his 21 points in the final 31/2 minutes as the Philadelphia 76ers capped their training camp at Duke University with a 114-107 victory over the Washington Wizards Tuesday night.	Sports
Panama flooding kills nine At least nine people - seven children - have died in flooding in Panama's capital. Authorities say 13 are missing after heavy rainfall caused rivers to overflow.	World
Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions (AP) - Not long ago, in a galaxy not far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I gotta stop bleeding and dying," the 24-year-old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."	Tech
London Bank Wins Bid for Permata A consortium led by Standard Chartered won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, agreeing to pay US$300 million for control of Indonesia's seventh-largest lender, Finance Minister Boediono said Friday.	Business
Toshiba to use perpendicular recording in new HDDs Toshiba is close to commercializing a technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.	Tech
Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will say Thursday that the time for excuses on Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will make the continent's problems a global priority.	World
Intel dauphin Otellini becomes king. Intel's board has approved the shift in power from CEO Craig Barrett to President Paul Otellini. On May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker and become its fifth CEO.	Business
Dyke reopens WMD row Former BBC chief Greg Dyke has reopened the row over Tony Blair's decision to go to war with Iraq. Dyke was forced to resign from his post, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January after Lord	World
Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street The Nikkei average was flat in mid-morning trade on Wednesday, boosted by bargain-hunting of blue-chip stocks after US stocks showed resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.	Business
India's Aztec acquires software testing firm Disha Technologies for 12.1 million dollars.	Tech
Halo 2 scores record sales of \$125 million in 24 hours. It broke retail records in its first day. Microsoft Game Studios said the game sold 2.4 million units in the US and Canada, generating \$125 million.	Business
Stocks Rise as Crude Falls Over \$2  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose Wednesday as crude oil futures dropped more than \$2 a barrel on a jump in U.S. petroleum supply, easing worries about the impact of energy costs on corporate profits and growth.	Business
Nonnative Goats in Yellowstone - A study shows mountain goats are establishing in Yellowstone National Park, but park officials are unsure how to manage the presence of the nonnative animals.	Tech
Tax-Free Bonuses Some taxpayers have been referencing an old Internal Revenue Service ruling about signing bonuses in baseball contracts to justify skipping payroll taxes and income tax withholding on bonuses.	Business
South Korea planning huge spending to revive economy: report (AFP) - The South Korean government is preparing a "New Deal" spending package in the next few years to revive the country's economy, Yonhap news agency said.	Business
Wisdom was the main course. WALTHAM -- He is an 87-year-old man with a cane and a cigar, and the clout of a king.	Sports
Phelps faces possible jail time Olympic champion Michael Phelps may face jail after being arrested on drink-driving charges last week in Salisbury, Maryland.	Sports
U.S. to Allow Some Telemarketing 'Robo Calls' WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Telemarketers will use prerecorded "robo calls" to stay in touch with established customers starting next week -- at least for the short term, U.S. regulators said Friday.	Tech
Defence contractors pursue $23bn deal. Europe's biggest contractors will have the chance to bid for a $23 billion air refuelling contract for the US Air Force withdrawn from Boeing.	Business
Patriots Begin Title Defense with Narrow Win Over Colts The New England Patriots started their quest for successive Super Bowl titles with a tight 27-24 win over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening game of the NFL season in Foxboro Thursday.	Sports
LIVE: Launch of Expedition Ten Crew to the ISS / ESA TV Live / On 14 October, the next ISS launch will bring another crew to the Station. Expedition 10 crew includes Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov.	Tech
Minnesota police are testing a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and checks it against the state's criminal history and fingerprint database.	Tech
Iran is not obliged to allow UN atomic energy agency inspectors to visit military sites alleged to be involved in secret nuclear weapons work, but it is willing to discuss the issue.	World
Volkswagen's talks with the union move forward LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - German automotive giant Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR) continued negotiations with the labour union today on planned labour cost reductions.	Business
South Africa declared their first innings at 510 for nine on the third day of the first Test against India today.	Sports
Goldcorp Will Review Glamis Bid Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is willing to evaluate a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would break its merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals.	Business
South African skipper Graeme Smith said his team had to learn patience on pitches if they hoped to do well in an upcoming two-Test series against India.	World
Delta Financing to Use Prepaid SkyMiles Shares of Delta Air Lines soared after the airline said it entered a commitment letter with American Express.	Business
Berra Says He Wouldn't Take Giambi Back - While manager Joe Torre dodged questions Thursday on whether he thinks Jason Giambi will return to the Yankees, Hall of Famer Yogi Berra voiced his opinion.	Sports
Tennis: Canas crushes Novak to reach Shanghai final. SHANGHAI: Argentina's Guillermo Canas dominated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to secure his place in the final of the ATP Shanghai Open against Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
Mariners' Ichiro Breaks Hits Record, Adds Single SEATTLE (Reuters) - Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki registered three singles to tie, break, and add to the Major League hits record with his 259th of the season in a game against the Texas Rangers Friday.	Sports
Britain awaits results of N. Korea blast fact-finding trip. Britain is awaiting findings from a technical analysis of what diplomats saw at the site of a huge explosion in North Korea last week, Britain's minister for East Asia said.	World
New Jersey Lawsuit Challenges Electronic Voting A coalition of citizens and officials in New Jersey plans to file a lawsuit to block the state's use of electronic voting machines.	Tech
A leader of Colombia's right-wing paramilitaries has been assassinated, throwing doubt on the ongoing peace process with the government.	World
Mobile boom draws telecom manufacturing to India BANGALORE, INDIA - An anticipated boom in mobile telephony use in India is attracting multinational and local companies to establish manufacturing in the country.	Tech
Wal-Mart predicts bumper Christmas. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's biggest retailer, expressed confidence in "another record quarter and a successful holiday season" after posting solid third-quarter results.	Business
Nothing doing. That didn't go well, did it? Everyone knew the NHL planned to turn down the NHLPA's latest offer yesterday, but the hockey world held its breath when the two sides met face to face.	Sports
Oil Prices Shift Direction After a month-long rally that pushed prices to new highs, the cost of a barrel slumped for the fourth day, leaving the price $10 higher than last year's rate.	Business
IBM Unveils Security Intel Service, Notes Jump In Attacks IBM has launched a new intelligence service to provide enterprises a monthly report showing the picture of security attacks and other threats, the Armonk, NY-based giant said Tuesday.	Tech
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones #39; Games ATHENS, Greece - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem far more than a world away. Those Olympics were a dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five medals.	Sports
Sony reveals specs for PSP handheld. The PlayStation Portable will have a complex processor for games and multimedia.	Tech
NASA Chief Applies for Job at LSU - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe will resign this week, a government official said, and a spokesman for Louisiana State University said O'Keefe is a candidate to become chancellor.	Tech
Sharon 'at risk of assassination' Israel's opposition leader warns the prime minister risks assassination over his Gaza plan.	World
Big Dig Tunnel Riddled With Leaks In a political and engineering scandal, Boston's Interstate 93 highway is riddled with hundreds of leaks.	Business
Sun posts narrower quarterly loss OCTOBER 14, 2004 (REUTERS) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Sun Microsystems Inc. today posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares higher.	Tech
Sixty-six men accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea deny breaching Zimbabwe's security laws.	World
Shifting signs in North Korea Kim Jong Il dials back his personality cult as protest activities increase.	World
Time on a Chip: The Shrinking Atomic Clock Researchers are developing tiny atomic clocks that could be made using standard semiconductor processes and slipped into cellphones, hand-held computers, and GPS receivers.	Tech
Murdoch novel shows Alzheimer's. The last novel by Iris Murdoch shows signs of Alzheimer's disease, experts say.	World
Gunmen opened fire Wednesday on a convoy carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi in an apparent assassination attempt that wounded two bodyguards, Chalabi's spokesman said.	World
Team almost had another legend SACRAMENTO -- The one who got away, Part I. With his collection of bow ties and an academic air, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would fit among professors and scholars in Boston. He is one of the most intelligent and respected basketball minds.	Sports
China Reports Births of Two Giant Pandas - It's a baby boom. Two giant pandas were born this week, and mothers and cubs were fine, Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday.	Tech
Netopia to Restate Results - Netopia Inc., a maker of networking gear, on Thursday said its auditor KPMG LLP resigned and will restate two years of results and revise results in its most recent fiscal quarter.	Tech
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond told developers earlier this year plans to port some SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows.	Tech
Ramirez should take it to heart. When it comes down to this, when it's worse than you imagined, if you are any kind of ballplayer, you look within and ask yourself what you can do to make it better.	Sports
Shares Gain as Oil Nears \$50 LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets rose, absorbing three share placings Wednesday, boosted by Wall Street's strong finish while oil prices held near \$50 a barrel ahead of U.S. oil inventory data.	Business
King Singh ... at last! The No. 1 golfer in the world is on his way to Glen Abbey for this week's Canadian Open. No, Tiger Woods hasn't changed plans.	Sports
Trial Date Set for Soldier at Abu Ghraib - A military judge ordered a U.S. Army reservist to stand trial Jan. 7 in Baghdad for allegedly abusing inmates at Abu Ghraib.	World
Alternative Energy: Ready or not? Even with a boost from higher oil prices and concern about global warming, the payoff on most alternative energy technologies seems a way off.	Business
Record biz hammers ostrich downloaders The music industry in the US is making strides in its campaign against people it says illegally downloaded music, with courts awarding huge settlements in many cases.	Tech
Gamecocks, Tigers brawl CLEMSON, SC South Carolina and Clemson fought in the closing minutes of today’s game. Police, security, and coaches tried to separate the teams, who scuffled before the game and continually pushed each other.	Sports
IT Giants Form Grid Computing Alliance Oracle, Dell, EMC, and Intel have joined with other tech companies to create an industry standard for grid systems. "Project MegaGrid" will help maximize the use of computing resources, according to the group.	Tech
Federer back in Open fourth round with masterful performance. For most tennis players, having about the same number of clean winners as unforced errors translates into good performance.	Sports
UPDATE: Sinopec 1H Pft Up 51; To Raise Refining Capacity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), the second-largest oil and gas producer, Monday reported a 51 jump in first-half earnings and plans to boost refining capacity by about one-fifth over three years.	Business
Royal Wedding Lures Media To Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan - Brunei's Royal Wedding between Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has attracted 170 foreign journalists to the Sultanate.	World
Nissan may suspend production in March due to parts shortages, resulting in a decline of about 6 billion (R339.8 million) in annual sales.	Business
Bojinov Drives Lecce Into First Valeri Bojinov - Bulgaria's answer to Wayne Rooney - netted twice as Lecce took a Serie A lead with a 4-1 win over Brescia.	Sports
Profit Soars at Motorola, but Shares Fall. Motorola, the second-largest maker of cellphones, said yesterday that profit quadrupled in the third quarter and revenue rose 26 percent compared to the quarter.	Business
Cup chase lands in Dover When the green flag drops for today's MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway, 43 drivers will be lined up to cross the start/finish line.	Sports
Net firms: Don't tax VoIP. The Spanish-American War is over and a "temporary" tax created to pay for it should not be extended to Internet phone calls, industry groups tell the IRS.	Tech
Klitschko wins 8th LAS VEGAS -- If Vitali Klitschko made one thing clear last night about the heavyweight division, it's how finished Tyson is.	Sports
FCC claims authority over states on VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Federal regulators Tuesday declared authority over states in governing Internet phone services, a move providers called crucial to fostering growth, innovation and competitive pricing in the industry.	Tech
Pitt can crash BCS with victory. Pittsburgh will represent the Big East with an 8-3 record.	Sports
Dollar Plunges on Greenspan Comments NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sank, dropping to multiyear lows against the yen and euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said demand for U.S. assets could ease given the current account deficit.	Business
Inflation fell in August, slipping below the government's 2 per cent target, driven down by clothing and footwear retailers failing to raise prices after a poor summer.	Business
The Sims 2; Demon Stone; The Number Devil Life gets more complicated in this sequel to the best-selling computer game in history.	Tech
England's Lawyers Try to Get Photos Thrown Out Lawyers for Pfc. Lynndie R. England sought Wednesday to dismiss evidence at the heart of the Abu Ghraib scandal -- the infamous photos showing her smiling and pointing at naked Iraqi detainees.	World
Sony looks under the Christmas tree. Americans will go gadget shopping this holiday season even if oil prices rise, Sony execs say.	Tech
Bryant at Trial (AP) - NBA star Kobe Bryant arrived at his sexual assault trial Monday as attorneys spent the weekend reviewing questionnaires to question potential jurors individually.	Tech
Blue Chips Drop After Merck Announcement NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Thursday after Merck Co. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">MRK.N</A> said it was withdrawing a key drug, casting a dark mood over the market as oil prices remained above $49 a barrel.	Business
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rises SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the largest software maker, on Thursday said first quarter profit climbed as PC sales and business demand fueled higher sales.	Business
Clinton Has Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton underwent a successful quadruple bypass operation Monday to relieve clogged arteries that put the former president at risk of a heart attack. Clinton is expected to make a full recovery, but doctors said he was fortunate to have checked into the hospital when he did.	World
South Korea will pick its first two astronauts next year for a space trip by 2007, the science ministry said, after Russia agreed to help the country's space program.	Tech
Facing a fund gap, Lucent Technologies' population of retired workers has grown so large that there are four retirees for every active employee. With health insurance costs soaring, Lucent is saying it's time for retirees to help pay for the benefit.	Business
Youngster Khan taken to school The sensation of the Olympic boxing tournament learned yesterday that there's no substitute for experience. At least not in the ring.	Sports
Bears Set to Sign QB Jeff George (Reuters) - The Chicago Bears are expected to sign quarterback Jeff George Monday.	Sports
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Spike NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher Tuesday, with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil producer stocks boosted by crude oil prices breaking through \$50 a barrel.	Business
Eras blend together perfectly. As the final seconds ticked down on the last home game of his high school career, Larry Abare glanced up the hill at the far end of Edward M. Leary Field and watched the little boys in blue jeans and Acton-Boxboro jerseys, one scrambling through the leaves with a football tucked under his arm.	Sports
Cisco Expands Presence NEW YORK - Cisco Systems is building its presence in key growth markets, using new products and acquisitions.	Tech
Arsenal boss Wenger has keeper worries. Arsenal bounced back to winning ways with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Birmingham City yesterday. A brace from Thierry Henry came after Robert Pires' opener, but it was the shaky Premiership debut.	Sports
Something Oozed on Titan's Surface Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA's Cassini spacecraft took this image of Titan as it sped past on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an altitude of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft's aperture.	Tech
Fox to push Bush on migration at APEC President Vicente Fox will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the summit of Pacific Rim nations.	World
Services in Japan Tertiary index comes in at double expectations, drives up yen and helps Nikkei overcome oil. LONDON (Reuters) - The yen hit a four-week high against the dollar Friday as stronger-than-expected Japanese service sector data raised optimism about the ...	Business
Ex-WorldCom CEO Seeks Witness Immunity (Reuters) - Lawyers for former WorldCom Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers are seeking immunity for two witnesses who could clear their client of fraud charges related to the company's $11 billion accounting scandal, according to court papers filed Wednesday.	Business
Three militants gunned down a Briton in Riyadh on Wednesday, security sources and diplomats said.	World
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions. Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Perry OKs $10 million for APS as accusations arise. The state’s Adult Protective Services agency will receive an emergency infusion to correct problems in El Paso.	Business
Winning NFL Turnover Battle Counts (AP) - Joe Gibbs had seen it before: On Dec. 7, 1986, his Washington Redskins turned the ball over seven times and lost to the Giants.	Sports
UN kidnappers reveal demands A militant group is threatening to kill three hostages kidnapped in Afghanistan, including a British woman, unless all Taliban prisoners are released.	World
Wizards' Kwame Brown Suspended One Game - The Washington Wizards suspended Kwame Brown for one game Thursday for his actions during the previous night's game against Denver.	Sports
Africa takes a tough stand on coups. The arrest of Margaret Thatcher's son last week is the latest example of a crackdown on overthrows.	World
One killed, 15 injured in Khuzdar blast One person killed and 15 injured as a bomb went off in a market in Khuzdar, Balochistan, reports The News. According to police, the bomb was planted in a cycle.	World
Enter your e-mail: If you can't beat Google, make it better—that seems to be the lesson of A9.com, Amazon's new search site. For Web searches, A9 gives you Google's results, but it does more— for instance.	Tech
Discus Champion Disqualified ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic Committee said.	Sports
11 Dead in Car Bomb in Kabul KABUL (Masnet & News Agencies) - At least eleven people, including two US citizens, were killed when a truck bomb exploded in downtown Kabul in the second deadly blast to strike Afghanistan over the weekend.	World
Mich. Elephant Gets Therapy for Arthritis ROYAL OAK, Mich. - Like any patient, Wanda needs positive reinforcement to get through therapy...	World
Tabbed browsing in alternative Web browsers contains a security flaw that puts users at risk of spoofing attacks, research firm Secunia warned.	Tech
Reds pick up Miley's option for 2005. Reds general manager Dan O'Brien said Sunday what he has hinted at for the last month: Dave Miley and his staff will be back for 2005.	Sports
Boston Marathon champion Johnny Kelley dies. Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, died at 97.	Sports
Phelps Eyes Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Michael Phelps targeted his fourth Olympic gold in Athens, turning his attention to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-fastest time in the heats.	Sports
Yukos plans to fix itself before auction The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months after the auction of its assets in December.	Business
Saks announces store closings, saying shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on more "productive" locations and strengthen its brand.	Business
Nextel and Sprint are in talks that could lead to a merger between the two operators, sources close to the discussions said Thursday.	Business
US rules on share options finalised The US on Thursday finalised a new accounting standard that will force companies to subtract the cost of share options from earnings, a move opposed by Silicon.	Business
London Airliner Given All-Clear A police search found no threat to a New York-bound Greek airliner that made an emergency landing in Britain following a bomb threat mentioning Iraq, officers said.	World
LG Electronics said Tuesday it would file a counter measure against Japan's Matsushita Electric.	Business
Israeli Labour and Sharon in coalition talks Coalition peace talks have begun between Israel's opposition Labour party and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. Labour leader Shimon Peres said his party wants a guarantee that the government fulfills its	World
FCC says allowing cable subscribers to choose channels ... Federal regulators rejected the idea that allowing cable subscribers to pay only for channels they want would lower bills.	Business
Activist's Daughter Speaks Against Castro - Her activist father is her hero and Sayli Navarro wants to follow in his footsteps. The soft-spoken, articulate teenager was 6 when her father went to prison for posting signs reading "Down with Fidel."	World
Prime Minister John Howard warned that Australia's strong dollar, high oil prices, and lingering effects of prolonged drought would dampen the country's buoyant economy in 2005.	World
Thai Airways Orders 6 Airbus A380s Thai Airways has agreed to buy six Airbus A380s, becoming the 13th airline to order the "superjumbo," the aircraft maker said Friday.	Business
PeopleSoft boosts employee compensation. Business software maker PeopleSoft Friday said it was raising compensation packages for all employees except its chief executive.	Business
Lowe's road to glory For Derek Lowe, two roads diverged not in a yellow wood, as New England poet Robert Frost had it, but on the greens of Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and Busch Stadium.	Sports
Prosecutor Seeks 8-Year Jail Term for Italy's PM MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian prosecutor asked a court on Friday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for bribing judges as the prime minister's corruption trial reached closing stages.	World
Dell recalls four million adapters About 4.4 million AC adapters sold with Dell notebooks between September 1998 and February 2002 were recalled Friday due to a risk of overheating, which could lead to fire or electrical shock, according to Dell.	Tech
Red Sox slugger Ortiz named ALCS MVP - The biggest comeback in postseason history began when David Ortiz had one of the greatest days in baseball.	Sports
Two weightlifters from Azerbaijan have been banned for life after testing positive for drugs, the first doping cases of the Athens Paralympics, officials said.	Sports
Cisco joins WiMax Forum. The networking giant formally signs on to the wireless broadband group as the organization's ranks grow.	Tech
Nikkei Sinks Due to Exporters TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 2 percent at the opening on Monday as investors shied away from exporters like Toyota after a drop in the dollar below 107 yen stoked concerns about earnings.	Business
Date with destiny for private rocketeers LAS VEGAS - A three-seat rocket plane with stubby wings and a nose studded with windows will try to blast out of Earth's atmosphere above the Mojave Desert today to qualify for US$10 million.	Tech
Pudge, Guillen leave with injuries The Tigers lost both All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, to knee injuries on separate plays in Saturday's game against the Twins.	Sports
Downer welcomes terror charge The federal government has welcomed terrorism charges against Indonesian militant cleric Abu Bakar Bashir. A spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said the charges reflected.	World
New York Unveils Bid to Gain the Olympics in 2012 Leaders of the NYC2012 committee highlighted New York's advantages in multiculturalism, money, and media power.	Sports
Rumsfeld Raises Prospect of Limited Iraq Elections - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Thursday raised the possibility that some areas of Iraq might be excluded from elections scheduled for January if security could not be guaranteed.	World
Infocus: Deploying Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This article discusses Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to quarantine mobile users and verify their security posture before granting full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Hasbro's No Conehead Its Saturday Night Live version of "Trivial Pursuit" is good strategy for staying ahead of age compression.	Business
Tech Firms, FBI to Fight 'Phishing' Scams Together - Internet companies and law enforcement will work together to track down online scammers posing as banks and other legitimate businesses, a practice known as "phishing."	Tech
The OQO Should Run Linux. This OQO machine is cool. The biggest problem is that it doesn't run Linux. This leaves you with a device heavier than your PDA and all the insecurity and bloat of Windows with a price tag under $2000. People don't care what OS their PDA/Handtop runs. It can run an alternative OS, and for the most part, consumers don't care. WinCE hasn't been a market success. While Microsoft has significant market share, PalmOS, Symbian, and Linux are doing fine. Most WinCE devices lack the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian counterparts. I don't know where OQO thinks they will fit in. If they were to...	Tech
Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dollars in gross taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, about 35 percent, her office said.	World
New bid to dismiss Jackson case Lawyers for Michael Jackson say the singer's molestation case should be dropped.	World
Judge Rejects Md. Anti-Spam Law A Montgomery County judge ruled Maryland's anti-spam law unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate business transactions beyond the state's borders.	Tech
Darfur Rebels Urge Nigeria To Intervene, Start Sudan Peace ... Rebel leaders from Sudan's Darfur region called Thursday for Nigeria to intervene and start African Union-sponsored talks on the crisis in western Sudan.	World
HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros enter today's game against the Colorado Rockies knowing a victory will earn them an improbable playoff berth.	Sports
Bettman stands firm in dispute NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has dismissed proposals by the players' union for a luxury tax as the sport's lockout continues.	Sports
Michigan State Shocks Wisconsin EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Jason Teague ran for 112 yards and a score on 17 carries, caught a touchdown pass in the second quarter to snap a tie and help Michigan State post a 49-14 win over.	Sports
Nintendo matures. The Nintendo DS includes a touch screen and is aimed at an older crowd.	Tech
Exhausted Massu Outlasts Fish for Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - Nicolas Massu defeated Mardy Fish in five sets on Sunday to win Chile their second gold medal at an Olympic Games less than 24 hours after helping them to their first.	Sports
Turkey Faces Long Road to EU Membership The European Commission's recommendation that Turkey begin membership negotiations puts the country a step closer to realizing its dream of joining Europe -- but	World
Ocean Spray to buy Northland assets to expand fruit receiving and concentrating operations in the largest cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.	Business
In Iraqi City, Perils Lurk. U.S. forces have controlled Tall Afar since Sunday, after battles last week. On Tuesday, soldiers led by an Iraqi known as "The Source" reopened the city and searched for insurgents.	World
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A sensational pitching matchup is set at Fenway Park this evening when Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox welcome Mike Mussina and the New York Yankees for another chapter in baseball's fiercest rivalry.	Sports
NFL Game Summary - Detroit at Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - David Garrard connected with Jimmy Smith for a 36-yard touchdown pass 5:28 into overtime to lift Jacksonville over Detroit, 23-17, in a wild game at Alltel Stadium.	Sports
Florida's prepaid tuition program thriving. Already the largest of its	Business
Chargers to start Brees in Houston. The San Diego Chargers announced Drew Brees will start the 2004 opener against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium.	Sports
Microsoft finalises three-year government deal Following its 10-year partnership with the London Borough of Newham, Microsoft is close to signing a new three-year agreement with the government.	Tech
Bomb found near Berlusconi's villa Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi walks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie at Berlusconi's villa, Monday. AP ...	World
Tokyo Stocks Flat, Focus on Data TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks were flat in mid-morning trade Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers like insurers and real estate stocks.	Business
Adobe and Yahoo have signed a deal to combine Adobe services, like its document-sharing program, with Yahoo's search functions.	Tech
EPA: U.S. Waterways Contain Polluted Fish (AP) - One in three lakes and nearly one-quarter of the nation's rivers have enough pollution that people should limit or avoid eating fish caught there.	Tech
Nokia stamps out bad batteries Helsinki - Nokia, the world’s largest handset maker, plans to mark its batteries with a hologram as part of the fight against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries, some of which have exploded in users’ hands.	Tech
Jobless claims rise; import prices surge. In another report, import prices excluding petroleum saw the largest increase in 10 months, a warning on inflation from the weaker dollar.	Business
Plan to Restore Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year plan would restore salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, over 100 years after farmland was drained and diked.	Tech
Sidebar: Microsoft Enters Data Backup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft announced a disk-to-disk backup application designed to consolidate backups on Windows servers, positioning the company to compete against storage management stalwarts like Veritas.	Tech
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' a Tech Masterpiece (AP) - It's been six years since Valve perfected the first-person shooter with "Half-Life." Video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more options. Still, few games have matched this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.	Tech
NASD Warns of Risky Home-Equity Investing WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Many house-rich Americans are borrowing against their homes to play the stock market, regulator NASD warned Wednesday.	Business
Skype Telephony Now Available for Mac. Skype for Windows, Pocket PC, and Linux -- Skype for Mac OS X is free. Users can control their presence.	Tech
Mauritania coup kingpin held Nouakchott - Authorities said Saturday they arrested the ringleader of foiled coup and assassination attempts against Mauritania's leaders.	World
Cali Cartel Boss Sent to U.S. on Drug Charges BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The former boss of the Cali drug cartel, who controlled much of the world's cocaine trade, was sent to the United States on Friday to face trafficking and money laundering charges.	World
Pires ready to pay fine for wearing wrong kit. Arsenal star Robert Pires said he is prepared to pay a fine for not wearing the official French team's sponsor kit in a television interview last month.	Sports
Melrose came up short. Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse bound for the postseason. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent years, and yesterday was no exception.	Sports
Fans Honour Legend Clough Thousands of football fans fell silent today to honour the life and achievements of manager Brian Clough. A public tribute was held in Nottingham city centre and a minute.	Sports
ROGER'S READY Roger Federer says he's ready to erase the image of being too soft to win in New York. The world's No. 1 player from Switzerland has played three US Opens and lost in the fourth round each time.	Sports
Florida Upsets No. 10 Florida State 20-13. Chauncey Stovall catches a fourth-quarter touchdown as defender Vernell Brown falls, Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, Tallahassee, Fla.	Sports
Nearly 800 British forces left their base in southern Iraq Wednesday, heading north to Baghdad to replace US troops expected to take part in an offensive against insurgent strongholds.	World
ICQ, an IM service owned by AOL, and Mail2World Inc., a provider of messaging and collaboration services, revealed a free upgrade to ICQmail.	Tech
Battles rage across Mosul MOSUL, Iraq -- US and Iraqi troops stormed insurgent-held police stations and neighborhoods in this city Tuesday, retaking sites seized last week by gunmen who rose in support of militants in Fallujah.	World
IBM Unveils Storage Technology IBM recently unveiled the TotalStorage DS6000, a VCR-size system aimed at mid-size businesses. The new DS8000 series features IBM Power5 microprocessors and Virtualization.	Tech
Freedom on the March in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters - President Bush said Thursday freedom was on the march in Iraq as a U.S. intelligence report depicted a bleak outlook for the country's future.	World
Energy Dept. funds open-source InfiniBand work. Three-year project will support programmers in building Linux software for high-speed networking technology.	Tech
46 Killed, 270 Injured In Iraqi Violence Baghdad, Sept. 8 (NNN): Clashes Tuesday between US forces and Shia militiamen left 46 persons, including six US soldiers, dead across Iraq in the past 24 hours, officials said.	World
Digital home entertainment hits the road. Theater-quality systems are coming to cars. Is rush hour ready for wireless file swapping? Photo gallery: Consumer gear takes a test drive.	Tech
Overtime Goal Puts Canada in World Cup Hockey Final Vincent Lecavalier's goal 3:45 into overtime earned Canada a 4-3 victory over the Czech Republic on Saturday and a place in the final of the World Cup.	Sports
Intel Reveals 2005 Desktop Strategy Intel's products for the digital home and office in 2005 will provide consumers and IT managers more capabilities than just raw performance, and the company plans to highlight these products as it did with its Centrino mobile technology.	Tech
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report. By Ignacio Badal, SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed over 30,000 victims to chronicle the systematic use of torture during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.	World
Fed's Pianalto upbeat on growth, inflation WASHINGTON: The Federal Reserve's policy of gradual interest rate hikes indicates the US economy does not need the stimulus that low rates provide, according to Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.	Business
Cingular to Cut 7,000 Jobs Cingular Wireless will cut about 7,000 jobs, or 10 percent of its workforce, to reduce costs as it integrates AT&T Wireless, the company said Tuesday.	Tech
Wrigley is buying the Life Savers and Altoids sweet and mint businesses from Kraft Foods for 800 million. The deal allows Wrigley to expand in the sweet section, leaving Kraft to focus on its food business.	Business
Florida weather may help Israeli citrus industry. As the Sunshine State recovers from Hurricane Frances, Gan Shmuel could reap benefits. The most important news for Florida's 2.8 million residents this week has not been from the Republican.	Business
Gleaning Insights From Berkshire Other than Comcast and ServiceMaster additions, it's been a quiet quarter for this portfolio.	Business
Sony Leads MGM Acquisition Entertainment companies had been vying for MGM to access its library of over 4,000 titles. Time Warner was seen as the front-runner.	Business
Oil prices near record highs Oil prices hover below Monday's record peaks in Asian trade, amid concerns over global supply shortages.	Business
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Eagles won a fourth consecutive NFC East title by making Eli Manning look like a rookie.	Sports
Flop in the ninth inning sinks Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting games this season against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez.	Sports
Survey: Napster, iTunes beat other download brands (MacCentral) Market research company Ipsos-Insight announced the results of TEMPO, a quarterly survey of digital music behaviors. According to the report, consumers aged 12 and older in the U.S. were as likely to be aware of Apple’s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0 when recognizing digital music download brands -- each service registered 20 percent of what TEMPO calls "top-of-mind" awareness.	Tech
Space Station Crew Moves Rescue Capsule The maneuver frees the hatch on the docking station that crew members will use for work sorties in January and March. In addition, the launch of an unmanned Progress cargo ship has been postponed one day to December 24.	Tech
Tenth-Ranked Ga. Beats Ark. 20-14 - David Greene threw for 382 yards and two touchdowns, Thomas Brown rushed for 107 yards and No. 10 Georgia held off Arkansas 20-14.	Sports
Presidential winner faces 'twin deficits' battle (AFP) - Whoever wins the November 2 presidential election will inherit massive budget and trade deficits that pose economic challenges that will give little relief for President George W. Bush or rival John Kerry.	World
Icahn Takes High River NEW YORK - Why has Carl Icahn targeted Mylan Laboratories, a generic drug company with \$1.5 billion in sales and a \$4.3 billion market cap?	Business
Baxter Halts Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday stopped a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine due to higher-than-expected rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Panathinaikos 2, Arsenal 2. Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-faced in Athens as two mistakes ensured a Champions League victory slipped through his side's fingers again.	Sports
Ashado wins Distaff Ashado had trouble finding running room in the stretch of the Breeders' Cup Distaff on Saturday. But once she did, she quickly kicked away from the opposition.	Sports
Warne leaves Murali behind Madras - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne showed flashes of genius in India, but has reasons to smile after smashing the Test bowling record in Madras on Friday.	Sports
Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Mood' - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Saturday he's in a "fighting mood" with two months to go to the presidential election as allies defended him from questions about his valor in Vietnam.	World
U.S. Jet Fires at House in Fallujah - An American jet fired a missile at a house where about 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were believed to be meeting in Fallujah on Friday, police and the U.S. military said. At least three were killed.	World
Pharma Groups Work on EPC Issues Sept. 30, 2004. Responding to calls from pharmaceutical retailers, distributors, and manufacturers, EPCglobal has added a group to study the pharmaceutical industry.	Tech
Microsoft CFO: Expect more acquisitions. Microsoft may seek to become a more distributed company as it eyes future large acquisitions, CFO John Connors said.	Tech
Schwarzenegger Vows to Defend Emissions Law Toyota, General Motors, and seven other automakers filed suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation approved in September.	World
Lego, Carrefour in Price-Fix Probe (AP) - French competition authorities are investigating Danish toy maker Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA as part of a probe into alleged price fixing in the French toy market in 2002 and early 2003.	Business
Experts Predict Mount St. Helens Eruption - The flurry of earthquakes at Mount St. Helens intensified Thursday, and a scientist estimated the chance of a small eruption in the next days at 70 percent.	Tech
Sharon to Hold Meeting With Settlers JERUSALEM - After over a year of avoiding settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to confront his former supporters in a meeting about his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. Sharon invited settler leaders to meet him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	World
SC to hear Zee petition tomorrow. Five judges will hear a petition by Zee Telefilms on Tuesday. A three-judge panel of the Supreme Court said a five-judge bench would hear the dispute threatening the rights of India.	Sports
Phone fight against domestic violence A campaign begins to collect old mobile phones and convert them into alarms for women attacked at home.	Tech
Over one billion children worldwide face a brutal existence due to poverty, war, and AIDS, reports UN children's agency.	World
Three Russian police officers have been charged with negligence in connection with the Beslan school hostage-taking that left 360 dead, nearly half of them children.	World
Strong quake hits Hokkaido SAPPORO -- A strong earthquake hit eastern Hokkaido, northern Japan, late Monday night, and several people suffered minor injuries, officials said.	World
Serbia, Bosnian Serbs Fail to Help War Crimes Tribunal, UN Says The governments of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb enclave of Bosnia-Herzegovina have failed to bring war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal, Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte told the Security Council.	World
India's low-cost airline Air Deccan plans to raise 50 million dollars in private equity by shedding a 26 percent stake and aims to enter the corporate jet segment, its chairman said.	World
Tata's debut Shares in Tata Consultancy rose 16% on their market debut, raising $1.2bn for the company.	World
Intel Doubles Dividend, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln Intel Corp., the largest chip maker, doubled its quarterly dividend and boosted its buyback program by \$11.	Business
Ironman winner confirms drug use Nina Kraft, winner of last month's Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai'i, acknowledged she used the banned drug EPO.	Sports
Viet Nam regrets Palestinian leader's death Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) - "We are grieved by the death of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian State and of the Palestine Liberation Organisation," Foreign Ministry spokesman Le Dung said.	World
China Criticizes 'Bush Doctrine' Ahead of US Poll On the eve of the US election, China attacked the "Bush doctrine," saying the Iraq war destroyed the global anti-terror coalition and blamed arrogance for the problems facing the United States worldwide.	World
Blair, Bush to Meet as Middle East Issues Loom British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has pushed for progress on Middle East peace talks and is one of the United States' closest allies, will meet with President Bush next week, the White House said.	World
Stocks in Motion: Claire's Shares of Claire's Stores (CLE:NYSE) were among the NYSE's losers Thursday, falling 15 after the company posted third-quarter results that missed analysts' expectations and warned about the fourth quarter.	Business
U.S. Women Show Men How to Win Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women's basketball team showed their men how to win gold Saturday as around 70,000 spectators flocked to the Olympic stadium for a hectic athletics program on the penultimate night of the Athens Games.	Sports
Ancient fungus revived in lab Fungus from deep-sea sediment core hundreds of thousands of years old grows when placed in culture, scientists discover.	World
Premier swallows Bird's custard and Angel Delight are back in British hands after a £70m deal announced yesterday. The brands have been bought by Premier Foods, owner of Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from Kraft.	Business
Bush Blames Poor Shirt for Bulge - President Bush sees humor in the idea that aides could secretly feed him advice through a radio receiver hidden on his back.	World
Saddam Hussein met with a defense lawyer Thursday for the first time since his capture a year ago, days before several top aides are due to appear in court for hearings on alleged war crimes.	World
Red Sox Feel Heat of 0-2 Start in ALCS (AP) - The infield at Fenway Park was covered with a tarp on a dreary day. Unless the Boston Red Sox start winning soon, the gloom will last all winter. The Red Sox returned home Thursday after losing the first two games of the AL championship series to the Yankees in New York. As its workout began, Boston announced ace Curt Schilling's ankle will prevent him from pitching Game 5 and perhaps the rest of postseason.	Sports
Mexico's Fox Presents Human Rights Plan - President Vicente Fox presented a plan Friday to improve Mexico's human rights record, pledging to eradicate torture and hold corrupt authorities accountable for wrongful arrests and shoddy police work.	World
IBM and four partners on Wednesday announced a "major breakthrough" in identity management to help businesses and government agencies protect assets, including IT systems and facilities, from unauthorized users.	Tech
Cuts offered, issue remains tax or cap The union's proposal to end the lockout, made Thursday at league headquarters, calls for a tax to penalize -- and perhaps deter -- high payrolls.	Sports
Blu-ray group mandates Microsoft codec for BD-ROM The Blu-ray Disc Association (BRDA) has selected Microsoft's VC-9 codec for future BD-ROM content, the organisation said.	Tech
Cubs brushed back; Chicago loses wild-card lead after ninth inning. Austin Kearns knows he'll be back in Louisville, Ky., once the regular season ends Sunday. The Cincinnati Reds outfielder did his best Wednesday to keep the Cubs.	Sports
Once Again, Mets Sputter Toward End of Season year ago, the Mets were going nowhere when they swept first-place Atlanta Braves in three-game series at Shea Stadium on first three days of September.	Sports
Toshiba wins HD DVD support. Four studios are expected to release movies on the new format in the last quarter of 2005. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.	Tech
The NFL is at its midway point. Time to hand out awards. It’s the NFL midseason, and I’ve done a good job the last couple months pretending I don’t cover the sport for SI.	Sports
Bush Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independents (Reuters) - President Bush, who holds a lead in some polls, appears vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties could determine the winner of the November election, pollsters say.	World
Tropical Storm Hits Coastal S.C. CHARLESTON, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston hit the South Carolina coast with rain and near-hurricane winds early Sunday, flooding roads and knocking out power to at least 75,000 homes...	World
Lewis University Placed on Probation - Lewis University of Division II was put on four years' probation for infractions, including its men's volleyball team, which won a national title that the school has since forfeited.	Sports
With work, Dana-Farber learns from '94 mistakes. Nurse Teresa Mazeika has known the woman in the blue chair for months. But she asks Carolyn Harlow her name and birthday as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood cancer. Mazeika, a 17-year veteran at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, isn't taking chances that she is about to give the drug to the wrong patient.	Business
King Pong Draws Fans Spike TV's Video Game Awards Show attracts celebrities and bands but gives fans votes.	Tech
Hey mate, we're moving offshore! Australia's IT News reports a recent survey where over 20 percent of company execs said they were considering or recommending offshore outsourcing. Outsourcing Blog	Tech
Three people killed at Afghan checkpoint. KABUL (Reuters) - A man and two women were shot dead by Afghan and U.S.-led troops after their vehicle ran through a checkpoint on Saturday, a U.S. military statement said.	World
Wall Street: Will the rally continue through December? So far, Wall Street's hoped-for fourth-quarter rally has met investors' expectations. But enough bad news lately makes you wonder if buying will sputter.	Business
Benitez praised Gerrard after his late goal earned Liverpool a spot in the last 16 of the Champions League.	Sports
Jags Cut Compton, Maddox - Veteran lineman Mike Compton and rookie tackle Anthony Maddox were among 12 players cut by the Jaguars Sunday.	Sports
California pension fund tenders PeopleSoft shares NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The California Employees' Retirement System (Calpers) is tendering its 1.5 million PeopleSoft Inc.	Business
Intel pulls its 4 GHz Pentium 4 processor off the drawing board.	Tech
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions. Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Shell Warns of New Cuts in Oil and Gas Reserves The warning came during its earnings report and on a day when Shell said it would merge the two entities that make up the company, unifying boards and management.	Business
Treasuries Slip as Stocks Rally NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slipped Monday, though traders viewed the move as profit-taking rather than any fundamental change in sentiment.	Business
No. 17 Rutgers Stops South Dakota State - Freshman guard Matee Ajavon scored 29 points to lead Rutgers over South Dakota State 68-50 Thursday in the opening game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the U.S. Virgin Islands.	Sports
Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe by about $635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German communications vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Speak Clearly and Carry a Manual Ten years after unveiling its first dream house, Microsoft has a new demonstration home showcasing technology it is betting will become commonplace within a few years.	Tech
Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy President Bush meets Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi in the Oval Office, Dec. 15, 2004, Washington.	Business
Trojan horse drives spam into phones. Infected computers send unwanted text messages, a security firm says.	Tech
Eleusis wins Long Island cap; Personal Legend wins Turnback. Eleusis made a successful US debut by beating Literacy by 2 lengths in Aqueduct's Saturday feature, the Grade II, $150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.	Sports
Study: Wolves Change Ecosystem - Scientists studying the effects of wolf reintroduction said evidence suggests that killing predators like wolves and grizzly bears in the last century started a cascade of effects that threw ecosystems out of balance.	Tech
Predicting hurricane landfall this busy season of landfalling Atlantic hurricanes has seen a few less-than-perfect calls by tropical.	Tech
Cummins 3Q Profit Quadruples Engine maker Cummins Inc. on Wednesday said third-quarter profits quadrupled, beating its guidance and Wall Street estimates, and full-year earnings would exceed expectations.	Business
Feds Silent on Pre-Election Terror Threat - FBI, Justice Department, and Homeland Security officials aren't discussing the threat of a terrorist attack to disrupt the election in two weeks.	World
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said earnings rose on demand for devices that manage irregular heart beats and products to treat the spine.	Business
The latest data from the US Department of Commerce bolsters what we suspected: E-commerce sales are increasing. One might suspect that consumer confidence has been bolstered since last year, there ...	Business
American Airlines is removing pillows from half its planes to save $300,000 a year. While the savings are small compared to the $4bn a year American has slashed.	Business
No. 12 Virginia loses defensive player Charlottesville, VA (Sports Network) - The No. 12 Cavaliers will be without defensive end Chris Canty for the season.	Sports
Immigrants settled in cities but found it harder to find work: StatsCan. Most of the nearly two million immigrants who arrived in Canada during the 1990s settled in one of the country's 27 census metropolitan areas but still found it harder to find work than natural-born citizens, Statistics Canada reported Wednesday.	World
No quick fix in Boeing-Airbus talks World Trade Organization (WTO) talks on a transatlantic row over plane subsidies will bring no quick fix for what could be the biggest commercial dispute in WTO history, officials and analysts warned.	Business
Judge Clears Release of Kobe Evidence - A judge cleared the way for the release of documents and evidence in the Kobe Bryant assault case Wednesday.	Sports
Subaru World Rally Team - Rally GB, Leg 1 Report Petter Solberg showed his winning potential in his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 today, taking three stage wins and ending Leg one in second overall.	Sports
Oil prices are set to dominate as analysts forecast its record-breaking run may continue.	Business
Camacho quits Bernabeu. Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho has resigned after the club's poor start to the season, according to reports in Spain. Cadena Ser radio said Camacho informed chairman Florentino Perez he was quitting.	Sports
Labor allies want the Senate to block new Bush administration overtime rules that critics say would prevent 6 million workers from getting bonus pay.	World
Michael Phelps won the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and set a world record with a time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.	Sports
Crooks slither into Net's shady nooks - Organized crime rings and petty thieves are flocking to the Internet like start-ups in the '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar underground economy in years. The Internet's growth as an economic engine, particularly for financial transactions, is feeding the felonious frenzy.	Tech
Einstein Is Proved Right Again An experiment using two satellites proved that as the Earth turns it drags space and time around itself, like a spinning top in treacle.	Tech
Needham nips Framingham As Carey Division rivals in the Bay State Conference, the Needham and Framingham field hockey teams met twice this fall, splitting a pair of 1-0 decisions.	Sports
BOND REPORT CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys remained lower Wednesday after election results showed President Bush ahead of Democratic challenger John Kerry.	Business
Nokia sees strong demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005. Nokia forecasts smartphone shipments worldwide to increase to 238 million units by 2008, up from 23 million this year, according to Anssi Vanjoki, executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia.	Tech
Red Hat taps Netscape to broaden its landscape. Linux seller plans to release Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software to expand beyond its core product.	Tech
Oil exports flow as strike woes ease A general strike in Nigeria, raising fears over oil supply from the world’s seventh-largest exporter, will likely end its first phase on Thursday "all going well," union leaders said.	World
NFL Suspends Seattle Receiver Four Games - Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended for four games for violating the NFL's substance-abuse policy.	Sports
Soccer coach Raymond Goethals dies at 83. Raymond Goethals, the Belgian coach who led Olympique Marseille to the 1993 Champions Cup title, died Monday, reports say. He was 83.	Sports
Oil prices bubble to record high. The price of oil has continued its sharp rise, closing at a record high. The main contract in New York, light sweet crude for delivery next month, closed at \$US46.75 a barrel - up 70 cents from yesterday's close.	World
Opel management and labor representatives began talks Monday on the controversial layoffs faced by workers.	Business
US Supreme Court asked to rule on homosexuals' right to adopt. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned the US Supreme Court on the right of homosexuals to adopt.	World
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a relief rally Monday, with stocks edging higher on news that production soared during September. Investors who had sold stocks for months as prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as crude declined...	World
Pfizer Warns on Bextra Skin Risk NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. said it is sending information to healthcare professionals about its arthritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same class as the withdrawn Vioxx.	Business
THIERRY HEELS WOUNDS THE MARK of brilliance is to produce the unexpected. The proof of genius is to do it time and again. Thierry Henry is a genius.	Sports
MPAA widens piracy net. Hollywood studios launched legal attacks Tuesday on server operators they claim are middlemen making online film theft possible.	Tech
Davenport Advances at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport's summer success continued Thursday when fifth-seeded former U.S. Open champion defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2 to advance to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam...	World
Dolphin pods rely on socialites to prevent collapse, scientists say.	Tech
Singer: Minaya returns home NEW YORK -- Omar Minaya stood behind a lectern in Shea Stadium and allowed his life to flash before his eyes.	Sports
Wineries look to high court for change in shipping rules. A customer asked vintner Leon Santoro if he could ship a case of wine to his home in New York. Not legally, replied Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards & Winery in Escondido.	Business
Bush, Kerry Stick to Security Presidential candidates combed the Midwest for uncommitted voters Thursday, each carrying warnings that his rival's victory would worsen American security.	World
WTO Sanctions on US Exports Widen Gap in Congress Angry over unfair subsidies to US companies from tariffs on imported goods, the WTO has widened the gap with Congress by imposing sanctions.	Business
India and Pakistan conclude talks, deadlock on Kashmir (AFP) - The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan held a closing round of discussions amid reports of progress on peripheral issues, but the nuclear rivals remained deadlocked on Kashmir.	World
Ohio State's big plays hurt Wolverines. Football coaches, especially at Michigan, stress the importance of preventing big plays. Many players missed the message Saturday.	Sports
Bovina ends two-year wait. Seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina won her first title in two years by beating Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the final of the Pilot Pen tournament.	Sports
Grand Jury Adds to HealthSouth Charges Federal prosecutors announced new perjury and obstruction charges against HealthSouth Corp. founder Richard M. Scrushy, accusing the former chief executive of rehabilitation.	Business
Islamic Scholar, Visa Withheld, Gives Up U.S. Post GENEVA (Reuters) - A Swiss Islamic scholar on Tuesday abandoned plans to teach at a U.S. university after waiting for a visa and accused the Bush administration of trying to silence him.	World
Samsung Plans to Expand Chip Factories Samsung Electronics said Monday it would invest $23.7 billion in new chip production lines over the next six years.	Business
Vioxx Faces Challenges from Insurers, Lawyers Merck & Co. faces a threat from health insurers and patients' lawyers after a US study suggested its Vioxx arthritis drug carries a greater risk than rival medicines.	Business
Japanese baseball players and club representatives reached a deal Thursday to end the first strike in the 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with owners agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next season.	Sports
Brown, Fratello and Grizzlies come out ahead. Hubie Brown, 71, retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies, drawing accolades for transforming a franchise that never won more than 23 games into a 50-victory team in less than two seasons.	Sports
mmO2: i-mode launch mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo reportedly planning to launch a UK i-mode service. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - The tie-up between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to bring i-mode content to the UK is a done deal.	Tech
Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 13 - The surprising Toronto Raptors will try to improve their record to 5-2 tonight, continuing a six-game road trip against the Portland Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden.	Sports
Poland opens Katyn probe. Polish prosecutors examine the 1940 deaths of elite members in Katyn Forest.	World
Microsoft is suing eight resellers over claims they have attached Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to non-genuine Microsoft products.	Tech
Button decision delayed Jenson Button must wait until next month to discover which Formula One team he can race for next season. He wants to leave BAR for Williams, but both teams claim to have a deal with the British driver.	Sports
Alaska Wildfires Grow to Record 5 Million Acres - Wildfires have scorched over 5 million acres in Alaska as of Tuesday, forestry officials said, a record signaling changes in climate and the composition of vast forests.	Tech
Md. Board Meeting Worries Democrats Republican-dominated election board met behind closed doors in deliberations Democrats feared were aimed at ousting Elections Administrator Linda H. Lamone.	Tech
Kmart Swings to Profit in 2Q; Stock Surges - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged 17 percent Monday after the retailer reported a profit for the second quarter and said chairman Edward Lampert is free to invest the company's $2.6 billion in surplus cash.	Business
GM May Close Plant in Europe. DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. will likely cut jobs in Europe and may close a plant as part of a restructuring plan to return the region to profitability, the automaker said Wednesday.	Business
Population 'lacks funds' Rich countries are giving only half the promised amount to help slow population growth, the UN says.	Tech
Israel's Sharon Survives No-Confidence Votes (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon survived two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament Monday, clinging to power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan for withdrawal from occupied territory.	World
Eisner blocked ideas, Ovitz tells court Former Disney president Michael Ovitz insisted he worked to better the company but faced resistance from CEO Michael Eisner and senior executives who refused to report to him.	Business
British Airways to sell Qantas stake British Airways Plc, Europe’s second-biggest airline, will sell its 18 per cent stake in Qantas Airways Ltd. worth 427 million or about \$980 million (Canadian) to cut debt ahead of possible acquisitions in Europe.	Business
Team directors criticize Hamilton test procedure. Two Spanish cycling team directors criticized how Tyler Hamilton's positive test for a blood transfusion was carried out.	Sports
Baxter Halts Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it stopped a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine due to higher-than-expected rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Cingular Sees Merger Savings Above Plan Cingular Wireless, the largest wireless carrier after its merger with AT&T Wireless, said Wednesday it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed estimates.	Business
UK charges 8 in terror plot linked to alert in US LONDON, AUGUST 17: Britain charged eight terror suspects on Tuesday with conspiracy to commit murder and said one had plans that could be used to strike US buildings that were the focus of security scares this month.	World
Connors' rallying cry for British tennis: "Do you have it in your heart? How much guts do you have? How much do you hate to lose?" These are the questions Jimmy Connors will ask Britain's brightest tennis hopes in the months, possibly years, to come.	Sports
India launches a $445m food-for-work programme aimed at tackling hunger in rural areas.	World
Stocks Up as Oil Slides NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks jumped Wednesday as oil prices, which have held investor enthusiasm for stocks in check for months, fell sharply after a higher-than-expected crude build last week.	Business
Britons prefer fish and chips; traditional fish-and-chips and pub grub remain the dishes of choice, outstripping Chinese or Indian takeaways.	World
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index The PC industry is doing better this year at satisfying U.S. customers, and better technical support and easier hardware seem to have made a difference, according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index.	Tech
US forces bombed Falluja; many were killed. The military claimed to have killed around 100 of Zarqawi's militiamen controlling the area.	World
Tributes pour in for 'Crazy Horse' Hughes, who had been battling illness for 15 months but deteriorated recently, his wife Barbara said. "He died at home in Sheffield with family," she said.	Sports
IBM plans a Web meeting service to compete with WebEx. Its new Lotus Web Conferencing Service, expected next month, requires users to register an account and have an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a phone.	Tech
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A thrilling pitching matchup is set at Fenway Park this evening as Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox face Mike Mussina and the New York Yankees in another chapter of baseball's fierce rivalry.	Sports
Serena Williams struggled but found her game to reach the China Open quarterfinals against Maria Sharapova.	Sports
IBM's new eServer supports AMD's upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor with the October 15 launch of eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that aims to get a leg up on the competition.	Tech
CBS Realigns Entertainment Divisions Leslie Moonves, co-president of Viacom, yesterday realigned the management of CBS's entertainment division and Paramount television production, promising smoother interaction between the two.	Business
News Corporation to Buy 20 Presses from MAN Roland LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corporation announced a significant investment in News International Limited, with expenditure over the next four to five years of more than GBP 600million on new printing plants.	Business
ARM agrees to buy Artisan Components for $913 mn LONDON, August 23 - ARM Holdings has agreed to buy Artisan Components Inc, a US provider of integrated circuit design solutions, for about $913 million.	Business
Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance 200/200R (firmware builds prior to Rigel Kent Security & Advisory Services notified Symantec of three high-risk vulnerabilities identified in the Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance during an assessment.	Tech
U.N. Traces of Plutonium Found in Egypt (AP) - U.N. experts found traces of plutonium near an Egyptian nuclear facility and are investigating whether it could be weapons-related or a byproduct of the country's peaceful atomic activities, diplomats told The Associated Press Friday.	World
Intel is helping PC makers in China and India offer the Linux operating system on machines powered by its chips.	Tech
Game 5 rated highly with viewers. Monday's Game 5 of the Red Sox-Yankees series showed an interesting ratings pattern. From 5:15-8 p.m., the telecast had a 42.2 rating and 66 audience share in Boston. Those are strong numbers for any market. The better news for Fox was that the game was only half-over at that point.	Sports
Putin Signs Russia for Kyoto Pact MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin approved Russia's backing of the Kyoto Protocol, clearing the way for the U.N. pact aimed at curbing global warming to come into force early next year.	World
Edmonds homer lifts Cardinals to Game 7 against Astros ST. LOUIS, Missouri All wounds in this city, cardinal red, healed with one touch. The winning pitcher was the one with the fractured hand.	Sports
Call it one for the pages: Google's project to archive millions of books from top libraries is the first major step toward the company's goal of indexing massive amounts of printed material, music, and video.	Tech
US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace slightly better than spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.	Business
NASA Chief Taking Off Named to head NASA by President Bush in December 2001, Sean O'Keefe acknowledged he had no experience in astronautics. His management style focused on practical economy.	Tech
NASA Completes Redesigned Shuttle Fuel Tank - NASA has finished building a redesigned shuttle fuel tank to eliminate the debris problem that doomed the shuttle Columbia and its astronauts, agency officials said Tuesday.	Tech
U.S. Alerts Schools About Terror Threat WASHINGTON - The Education Department has advised school leaders nationwide to watch for spying on buildings or buses to help detect any possibility of terrorism like the siege in Russia. The warning follows an analysis by the FBI and Homeland Security of the siege that killed nearly 340 people, many of them students, in Beslan last month...	World
AOL Shows Safe Chat Rooms Secure USB tokens verify a child's age before allowing chat.	Tech
China at G-7 Meeting for First Time China debuted last night in the club of the world's leading economic powers, as international pressure mounts to change a decade-old currency peg that critics say gives Chinese products an unfair edge.	Business
Bomb kills one in southern Thailand. A bomb exploded in southern Thailand, killing one person and injuring about 20 in what could be the first reaction to the deaths of 85 Muslim protesters earlier this week.	World
Hurricane Ivan hit the Gulf Coast near Mobile, Alabama, early this morning with peak winds over 125 miles an hour.	Tech
Briton Shot Dead Outside Saudi Shopping Center - A Briton shot dead outside a Saudi shopping center has been identified as an employee of Marconi.	World
Red Sox slugger Ortiz named ALCS MVP. The biggest comeback in postseason baseball began when David Ortiz had one of the greatest days in baseball.	Sports
Update 4: Belo to Cut 250 Jobs, Mostly in Dallas Media owner Belo Corp. said Wednesday it would cut 250 jobs, more than half at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements.	Business
Indonesian diplomats asked to improve RI's image JAKARTA (Antara): President Yudhoyono asked diplomats on Monday to help enhance Indonesia's image.	Business
Telescope captures distant 'planet' The first image of a planet orbiting another star may have been obtained by a US-European team of astronomers.	World
Seahawks Receiver Robinson Suspended NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Koren Robinson has been suspended for four games for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.	Sports
Bluetooth Group Outlines Strategy (NewsFactor) - With Bluetooth short-range wireless technology finding its way into an array of hardware products, from mobile phones to in-vehicle systems, a working group promoting the specification has outlined a strategy to make it more attractive and useful.	Tech
Sri Lanka raise England's spirits In their opening match of the Champions Trophy, Sri Lanka did little to suggest they have the means to knock England out of the tournament at the Rose Bowl on Friday.	Sports
Apple unveils thin iMac in Paris (AFP) - Apple launched the newest version of its iMac, which at two inches thick, is the world's thinnest desktop computer, the company said.	Tech
C's open with dang: Squander 18-point lead in loss to Sixers. This is getting monotonous. For the second straight night, a candidate from Boston looked good after some polling, but when the last points were counted, the opponent had the plurality.	Sports
CERN to Probe Life, Universe and Everything (Reuters) - It has revolutionized physics, made	Tech
PeopleSoft Plays Defense The software maker inks a deal with IBM, but it isn't likely to dissuade Oracle.	Business
Dissecting the NHLPA proposal for a new CBA: A closer look at the offer from the NHL Players Association: Rollback: The 24% pay cut on existing player contracts is a monstrous concession.	Sports
All rosy at which bank PRODUCTIVITY gains should keep Commonwealth Bank in a sweet spot for years, chairman John Ralph claimed.	Business
Indonesian militant sentenced to 12 years: An Indonesian court sentenced a militant to 12 years in jail on Thursday after finding him guilty of involvement in last year's Marriott hotel bombing in Jakarta.	World
UPDATE 3 - Albertsons hit by California strike; shares fall. Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research), the No. 2 US grocer, on Tuesday reported a drop in quarterly profit due to heavy promotions.	Business
Traber rehabbed last season. He was chosen in the first round, 16th overall, of the 2001 draft by the Mets and made his major league debut with Cleveland in 2003.	Sports
The Great Vegetarian Scam I've written about my struggle to remain a vegetarian on Tuesday - when I abjure meat for religious reasons - while traveling.	Tech
British industry at best in 10 years Manufacturing is enjoying its strongest performance for almost 10 years, according to a survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
Amtrak Infrastructure At Brink, DOT Warns The national passenger rail service risks a "major point of failure" if infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the U.S. Department of Transportation warned in a report.	Business
No. 18 Boise St. 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and No. 18 Boise State Broncos reduced Timmy Chang's bid to break the NCAA Division IA passing record to a footnote Friday night, routing Hawaii 69-3 for their 19th victory.	Sports
Prime Minister John Howard warned that Australia's strong dollar, high oil prices, and drought effects would dampen the economy in 2005.	World
Seattle Sunset The Seattle Storm raced to hot starts in the first and second halves and never looked back, using the momentum to win their first WNBA championship.	Sports
California slashes legal fees in settlement of Microsoft case California lawyers who reached a $1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft will get less than half the legal fees requested.	Business
Football supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke, Premiership striker, was banned from all soccer stadiums in England and Wales for five years.	Sports
NBA Game Summary - Portland at Dallas Dallas, TX - Dirk Nowitzki scored 23 points and grabbed 14 rebounds to lead Dallas to a 92-83 win over Portland at American Airlines Arena.	Sports
At Last, Success for Lions The Detroit Lions went three seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for futility. They ended that streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field.	World
Phelps Eyes Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Michael Phelps targeted his fourth Olympic gold in Athens, turning his attention Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-fastest time in the heats.	Sports
Future Doctors, Crossing Borders Students at Mount Sinai School of Medicine learn that diet and culture shape health in East Harlem.	World
Olympics: Zijlaard-van Moorsel defends time trial title ATHENS: Dutch cycling great Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel emotionally defended her Olympic gold.	Sports
China admitted Tuesday it was worried about the stalling of six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear program and blamed the lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
MSN Enters Blogging Fray with "Spaces" Microsoft’s MSN has introduced a beta version of its blogging tool, MSN Spaces, which it expects will be supported by advertising.	Tech
Court Overturns Nigerian Woman's Stoning Sentence - A Nigerian mother sentenced to death by stoning for having sex outside marriage was acquitted and discharged by an appeals court on Thursday.	World
Stocks Up After Sears Deal, HP Earnings NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher Wednesday after Kmart's plan to buy Sears in an \$11.5 billion deal was announced and computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. posted solid earnings.	Business
In Internet Calling, Skype Lives Up to the Hype. Skype is the easiest, fastest, and cheapest way for customers to use their computers with broadband connections as telephones.	Tech
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm began in 1985 in an unremarkable way -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' den. The space was small and crowded. The founding crew consisted of seven people, who were enthusiastic but low key.	Tech
Fears for T N pension after talks Unions representing workers at Turner Newall say they are 'disappointed' after talks with Federal Mogul.	Business
Merck plans 5,100 job cuts by year-end. Merck & Co. plans to cut its workforce by 5,100 jobs by year-end--about 700 more than originally planned. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merck said in materials filed with the Securities and Exchange.	Business
ECB Considered Rate Hike But Left Rates Steady The European Central Bank surprised markets Thursday by revealing it had considered raising interest rates as the euro zone economy slows, saying it is worried about inflation.	Business
Earnings for The New York Times Slip The newspaper publisher said that while the ad market remains uneven, it has seen improved trends in October.	Business
Free Windows doesn’t stop Linux rush. WINDOWS IS 'free' in Iran, but there is an increasing move towards Linux, according to an AFP report. Because Iran refuses to abide by international copyright laws, pirated copies of Windows make the product free and everyone uses it.	Tech
Intel dauphin Otellini becomes king. Intel's board approved the shift in power from CEO Craig Barrett to President Paul Otellini. On May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker and become its fifth CEO.	Business
Yahoo! To Provide Traffic Updates As part of an effort to expand local content, Internet portal company Yahoo! began offering Web surfers information about current traffic conditions for the largest US metro areas.	Tech
Dollar Stuck, CPI Offers Little Direction TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar moved in tight ranges Wednesday as investors shrugged off lower-than-expected U.S. inflation data and stuck to the view the U.S. Federal Reserve would continue raising rates.	Business
Europeans hail latest data from Mars. The European Space Agency says data from its probe, Mars Express, has provided new evidence in the search for life on Mars.	Tech
Agassi advances in Madrid, Henman eliminated Top seed Tim Henman suffered a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 defeat to Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters on Thursday as Andre Agassi reached the quarter-finals with a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Vincent Spadea.	Sports
Forecast Frosty for U.S.-Canadian Ties   TORONTO -- The weather won't be cool when President Bush visits Canada next week.	World
Qassam rockets hit western Negev. Two rockets landed in the western Negev on Saturday morning, causing damage to a home. No casualties were reported. The fire originated from northern Gaza Strip.	World
FCC exempts fiber-to-curb from sharing requirements The Federal Communications Commission Thursday voted to allow telephone carriers to not share fiber-to-the-curb deployments from competitors, prompting one to announce an accelerated fiber rollout.	Business
Cosatu to meet over conflict with ANC The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) will hold a press conference on Tuesday to discuss the public spat between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the African National Congress (ANC) spokesperson.	World
China warns Singapore officials against visits to Taiwan after a "private and unofficial" trip by the city-state's new leader weeks before he took office strained ties with Beijing.	World
Home Depot Likes High Oil Rising fuel prices, a bugbear for retail, are helping Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that reported a surge in second-quarter earnings and guided the year higher.	Business
Fiat seeks pact with GM. Fiat and General Motors will hold more talks to solve differences over the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group, Fiat says.	Business
Viruses: Blame Microsoft? Last year we explored the question of Microsoft's potential liability for software flaws exploited by viruses and malware.	Tech
US airstrikes killed at least 44 in Iraq. Iraqi health officials said American airstrikes that demolished homes in a village south of Falluja killed at least 44 and wounded 27, including women and children.	World
Iraq to widen arms amnesty, pointing to the government's ability to organise nationwide polls by the end of January. The interim government has vowed to crack down on insurgents and pacify Iraq before the election.	World
Sharon Seeks Wider Govt. to Save Gaza Pullout Plan JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon launched new efforts Tuesday to widen his coalition after a setback in parliament complicating his plan to withdraw from occupied territory.	World
IBM announced the formation of Power.org, a community of itself and 14 partners aimed at promoting hardware and software development.	Tech
Ryder-You can bank on Tiger, says Sutton Tiger Woods has not won a major in two years and lost his world number one ranking, but US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton says reports of his demise will prove exaggerated this week.	Sports
Ford shuts down Hapeville plant Workers at the Ford plant in Hapeville are getting a second unexpected day off this summer. The company has stopped assembly-line production today due to a parts shortage, a Ford official said.	Business
No Sign of El Nino in Pacific - Scientists (Reuters) - Sea temperatures in the southeastern Pacific show no sign of extreme "El Nino" conditions in the next two months, Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) said Tuesday.	Tech
Military plane crashes into mountain in Central Venezuela, killing 25, including five children, the Air Force rescue team said.	World
Pascual Rodriguez wins 18th stage of Vuelta; Heras still ... Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodriguez edged ahead of Colombia's Ivan Parra at the finish to take the 18th stage of the Vuelta Thursday.	Sports
Steelers' Staley Downgraded to Doubtful (AP) - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded to doubtful Friday with a sore hamstring, meaning he will likely miss a third consecutive game Sunday.	Sports
CFL erred, Stamps still losers The result of the Calgary-BC game Friday night will stand, the CFL announced. A review confirmed an officiating error resulting in a no-yards.	Sports
Sprint is full of potential heroes. It would be nice to see this week's 100-meter sprint as the best footrace ever. We could witness four sub-10-second sprints for the first time. It would be nice to watch with raised eyebrows instead of furrowed ones.	Sports
Iran Rejects Any Deal to End Uranium Enrichment TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said Saturday it would reject any proposal to halt uranium enrichment, a step European diplomats are proposing to end a row over whether Iran is seeking atomic weapons.	World
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo warned the country is in a fiscal crisis. A report by economists at the University of the Philippines said the country faces economic collapse.	Business
Labour delegates force Iraq vote; Iraq is chosen for a vote at conference, but Tony Blair says he will not apologise for war.	World
Credit Suisse to merge CSFB unit into parent Credit Suisse Group plans to merge its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities unit with the rest of the company's operations and cut as many as 300 jobs.	Business
Competitions Foster Next Generation Of Linux Talent IBM's Linux Scholar Challenge is one of few programs to drum up enthusiasm among students worldwide in Linux and open-source software.	Tech
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Chief Sees Curb on Phishing. By Lisa Baertlein. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A former White House security chief predicted Wednesday that technology companies and law enforcers could soon eliminate most Internet phishing scams that aim to trick people into giving away personal and financial information.	Tech
GE to Buy Back \$15 Bln in Stock, Raises Dividend General Electric Co., the largest company by market value, will buy back \$15 billion in stock over three years and raised its quarterly dividend 10 percent, more than some analysts estimated.	Business
EMC unveils 'Storage Router' EMC has unveiled storage virtualization technology that allows users to manage its arrays and high-end boxes from competitors through a single interface.	Tech
Rebel attacks hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld visits Iraq. A rocket attack and suicide car bombing killed at least four people in Baghdad Sunday as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence before elections.	World
Philippines GDP grows 6.3% on strong exports. The Philippine economy continued to grow in the third quarter despite rising prices, with GDP expanding by 6.3% from a year ago.	Business
Sainsbury will take a 550 million (\$991 million) hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share, Britain's third-biggest supermarket chain said.	Business
Spammer convicted gets nine years A brother and sister were convicted of three felony charges for sending thousands of junk e-mails; one was sentenced to nine years in prison, the other fined $7,500.	Tech
Intel Doubles Dividend, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln Intel Corp., the world’s largest chip maker, doubled its quarterly dividend and boosted its buyback program by \$11.	Business
Big merger could box Qwest in. Qwest Communications may not be affected by a Sprint-Nextel merger, but its options could become limited. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were viewed as possible partners.	Business
Hamilton Wins Cycling Time Trial Event THENS, Aug. 18 Tyler Hamilton had bruises on his back, painful souvenirs of a Tour de France gone wrong.	Sports
New bid to dismiss Jackson case Lawyers for Michael Jackson say the singer's molestation case should be dropped.	World
Dell will set out Thursday to conquer markets dominated by Apple, Hewlett-Packard and others with its first digital music player, photo printer and plasma TV.	Tech
San Diego fiscally sound, mayor says SAN DIEGO - After another downgrade of San Diego's credit rating, Mayor Dick Murphy reassured the public that the city is sound.	Business
Loss bodes well for future. They beat bad teams -- some barely -- to become the first team in franchise history to start 5-0. Still, we couldn't tell how good the Jets really were.	Sports
US women avoid disaster ATHENS -- Preliminary-round elimination would have been a disaster for the United States women. Desperate for victory, the Americans avoided embarrassment by finally playing like a gold medal contender -- and like a team.	Sports
'Nano-needle' operates on cell Scientists performed a delicate surgical operation on a single living cell, using a needle just a few billionths of a metre wide.	Tech
US authorities arrested 103 suspects and filed 117 complaints since June 1 in a crackdown on online fraud, Attorney General Ashcroft said.	Tech
Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced McCain's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial featuring McCain.	World
American Express is suing Visa, MasterCard, and eight US banks, claiming anti-competitive tactics kept it out of the market. The litigation is a setback for Visa and MasterCard.	Business
Comcast Corp., the largest US cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that fell short of forecasts but reported better-than-expected results.	Business
Vodafone launches third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads, and games.	Business
CASEY COMMENTS NOT 'SMART' - VERPLANK The backlash to anti-American comments by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already started - and is likely to get worse in the coming months.	Sports
Wade drives Heat past Wizards. The Wizards are done with the Heat for the season. Dwyane Wade had 29 points and nine assists Wednesday to lead the Heat to a 98-93 win.	Sports
Can't Hide Your Lying Face? In search of the ultimate lie detector, researchers turn to thermal scans, brain wiring, and eyeball tracking. But deception deceives. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
Apple launches iTunes Music Store in Canada. Apple Computer on Thursday launched its iTunes Music Store in Canada, offering Canadian music fans the same features and price of $.99 CDN per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world.	Tech
Travelzoo Shares Rise as Offering Rumor Fades - Shares of Travelzoo Inc. rose nearly 4 percent on Wednesday as market rumors of a secondary stock offering faded.	Tech
New Rules for Rematch of Colts and Patriots Indianapolis' loss to New England in the A.F.C. championship game in January will impact officiating as the N.F.L. begins the 2004 season Thursday.	Sports
Senate Panel Gives NASA Extra Money (AP) - NASA would get $16.4 billion next year under a bill a Senate committee approved Tuesday, reversing a decision by House lawmakers to cut the space agency's budget below this year's levels.	World
N.Korea Hurls Abuse at Bush, Calls Him Trash SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled invective at President Bush for a second day Tuesday, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and said six-party talks on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions appeared doomed.	World
Microsoft takes a BIG BITE of Apple. Microsoft upped the ante in the digital music war with its Windows Media Player 10 and beta online music store this month.	Tech
EBay Expands PayPal Buyer Protection to $1,000 PayPal will expand its US buyer protection program to cover $1,000 for qualified transactions, the company said Thursday.	Tech
UN ends mission, says some human rights improvement in Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Security has improved inside camps in Sudan's Darfur region, but displaced villagers still face attacks and abuse when leaving the camps, a United Nations team said Saturday, wrapping up a mission that could determine whether Sudan faces sanctions.	World
WRAPUP 1-Careless Chelsea and Arsenal let victories slip. League leaders Chelsea allowed Bolton Wanderers to recover from two goals down to force a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge in one of two surprises in the Premier League Saturday.	Sports
Russia will allow Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to visit a southern Buddhist region for the first time, the foreign ministry said in a move certain to anger China.	World
Sidebar: Microsoft Enters Data Backup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft announced a disk-to-disk backup application to consolidate backups on Windows servers, positioning the company to compete against storage management stalwarts like Veritas.	Tech
Martian Weather Blamed for Loss of Beagle 2 Description: An investigation into the loss of Britain's Beagle 2 spacecraft last December suggests the cause may have been unusual weather.	Tech
EA Signs Five-Year Exclusive NFL Deal Electronic Arts announced an exclusive deal with the National Football League and PLAYERS INC to develop, publish, and distribute interactive football games.	Sports
Fund pessimism grows NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Money managers are growing more pessimistic about the economy, corporate profits and US stock market returns, according to a monthly survey by Merrill Lynch released Tuesday.	Business
French firms Sagem and Snecma announced a planned 7 billion euro (\$8.9 billion) merger on Friday, in a deal analysts said was driven by political rather than shareholder interests.	Business
Obama Balances Stardom, Local Interests (AP) - Since his election to the Senate, Barack Obama has chatted with President Bush, appeared in People magazine, and been on television.	World
Next Big Hit at the Modern: Its Reopening The buzz over the enlarged museum is expected to turn into a cacophony Saturday.	World
Cayman Islands hit by hurricane The force of Hurricane Ivan hit the Cayman Islands, ripping up homes and causing flooding. Up to 40,000 residents - including a large British expat community - hid in homes and shelters to escape Ivan's 155mph winds.	World
Hackers, spoofers, and malware—oh my! IE exploit code could boost the risk of browser mishaps. Microsoft says teamwork makes for better defenses.	Tech
Job numbers give candidates room to debate. WASHINGTON - Employers increased hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Veteran defender Ronny Johnsen signed with Newcastle United until January.	Sports
Hard-running Dillon #39;s difference in making champs tougher. It wasn #39;t just to revive one of the league #39;s worst rushing games. It was to make Dillon and that dreadful rushing attack allies when the weather and/or the opponent demanded it -- which they did Sunday.	Sports
With Ban Pending, Hamilton Loses Ride Tyler Hamilton, who won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, was fired last Thursday by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal transfusions.	Sports
Japan to Protest China Over Submarine TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will protest China after concluding a nuclear-powered submarine that intruded into its waters this week belonged to the Chinese navy, spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said Friday.	World
Eurostocks Rise on Ericsson PARIS (Reuters) - European shares rose Wednesday as Ericsson gained on news it won part of \$4-billion Cingular deal and Glaxo buoyed after Pfizer affirmed its outlook.	Business
Earthquake 'redraws map' The devastating earthquake that struck the Indian Ocean likely caused islands to move several metres.	Tech
Hawks primed to surpass Rams. Editor's note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton's weekly "First And 10" column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.	Sports
Plane crash kills 10 near racing MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A Hendrick Motorsports plane crashed yesterday on its way to a NASCAR race, killing all 10 aboard, including the son, brother and two nieces of the owner of one of auto racing's most successful organizations.	Sports
5 dead in Dubai airport accident DUBAI - A wall collapsed on workers building a multi-billion-dollar extension to Dubai's international airport yesterday, leaving five dead and 12 injured, authorities said.	World
Sneaky Credit Card Tactics Watch your credit card issuers -- they may raise rates.	Business
Microsoft previews "Whitehorse" developer tools. Microsoft released a preview of new tools to make it easier for companies to create custom Web applications.	Tech
Loeb seeks home comforts. SEBASTIEN LOEB dreams of a title-winning homecoming after moving closer to the championship in the Italian Rally.	Sports
Premier League charges Villa manager David O'Leary with illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie.	Sports
Toyota: Some security firms promise too much. If "it sounds like you're being offered a panacea, then it's time to change the conversation," says an exec for the firm.	Tech
MARTS SWOON ON RISING OIL Stock prices were hit by rising oil prices and anxiety surrounding Eliot Spitzer's probe of the insurance industry.	Business
Bush Signs Internet Access Tax Ban. State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections to the Internet for three years under legislation signed by President Bush.	Tech
Mumbai set for battle The battle lines are drawn on the third of the fourth test in Mumbai. After a poor batting display, India fought back thanks to their bowlers to restrict Australia's first innings lead to 99 runs.	Sports
Sheffield day to day with sprained left ankle New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield missed Sunday against the Blue Jays with a sprained left ankle. Sheffield is day to day.	Sports
India, Russia must join hands to develop new tech: Putin Mr Vladimir Putin, President of the Russian Federation, Mr NR Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman, Infosys, and Mr Nandan Nilekani, CEO, at the Infosys campus in Bangalore on Sunday.	World
Europe to send more troops to Iraq. US appeals to European nations to boost NATO missions in Iraq and Afghanistan have been successful, with the alliance announcing a small expansion of its military training facility in Baghdad.	World
France-Ivory Coast relations worsen. Nine French peacekeepers were killed during an air raid by Ivorian bombers over a week ago. France responded by destroying most of the Ivorian air force.	World
Locusts Devastate Mauritania Crops, Others Escape (Reuters) - Crop-devouring locusts have caused damage to cereals in Mauritania, but other West and Central African states have suffered less than feared from the worst infestation in over a decade, the U.N. said Thursday.	Tech
U.N.: Robot Use to Surge Sevenfold by 2007 The use of robots at home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a U.N. survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.	Tech
Swedes Blast Gov't Response to Tsunami (AP) - Hours after a tsunami flattened south Asia beaches, a magnet for thousands of vacationing Swedes, the Swedish foreign minister went to the theater.	World
Nigerian army kills 24 militants near Cameroon border. The Nigerian army killed 24 militants who had taken refuge in the northeastern region bordering Cameroon, the spokesman for Borno said.	World
Hughes allowed to speak to Rovers The Football Association of Wales has given national boss Mark Hughes permission to speak to Blackburn about their vacant managerial post.	Sports
Best Software launched an overhaul of its Act contact management software, adding a second version with more scalability and advanced functionality.	Tech
Infocus: Deploying Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This article discusses Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to quarantine mobile users and verify their security posture before granting them full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Jaguars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byron Leftwich was flawless on a 30-yard drive in the final minutes, and rookie kicker Josh Scobee made a 53-yard field goal to help the Jaguars secure a 27-24 win over Indianapolis.	Sports
Sims 2 plays with life. The Sims 2 adds DNA and more realistic graphics, giving the game an eerie feeling of reality.	Tech
Hubble Sees Rare Triple Jupiter Eclipse Nov. 4, 2004 - A rare alignment of Jupiter's three largest moons across the planet was captured by the Hubble Telescope.	Tech
Oram shuns Cairns comparisons Brisbane - New Zealand hero Jacob Oram shunned comparisons with great all-rounder Chris Cairns after he bludgeoned the Kiwis into contention against Australia on Friday.	Sports
IBM introduced high-end servers in its pSeries and iSeries lines that include virtualization features and power that some experts say put the products on par with offerings from rival Hewlett-Packard.	Tech
Microsoft, the Redmond, Wash., software company looming over the computing world, Nov. 11 released a "beta," or test, version of its online search service.	Tech
Gunmen ambushed former Iraqi council president Ahmed Chalabi's convoy Wednesday, wounding two bodyguards, aides said.	World
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report. By Ignacio Badal. SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed over 30,000 victims to chronicle for the first time the systematic use of torture during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.	World
Adams quits as Leicester boss LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has quit as manager of Championship side Leicester City, the club announced. His resignation was accepted at an emergency meeting of the board.	Sports
Australian PM calls election Oct. 9 Prime Minister John Howard announced that the next federal election will be on October 9. He told a press conference that voters will decide.	World
Stopping spam at the source New antispam technology standards are coming that promise to hit spammers where it hurts the most--their wallets. The issue is the ability to authenticate the original source of e-mail messages.	Tech
Thatcher case twist as list of coup backers vanishes THE Thatcher saga took a dramatic twist last night when it emerged a key witness in the police investigation has disappeared, taking with him a list of wealthy individuals who supposedly bankrolled an alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.	World
Thrashers Owner Fined The NHL fined a Thrashers owner \$250,000 for saying the league would use replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining agreement isn't reached.	Sports
Examining Earth's Primordial Soup How did the first amino acids form peptides? This question may point towards understanding the primordial soup. Researchers suggest that the binder for linking building blocks may have been volcanic gases or carbonyl sulfide.	Tech
HP has signed a deal to sell network adapters from start-up S2io that transfer data 10 times faster than today’s standard.	Tech
Pension accounting is a process that requires a company to estimate the future value of its pension assets and the cost of fulfilling pension and health care obligations to current and retired employees.	Business
New York Times Co. cuts 2004 profit targets. NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. on Monday forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street's targets on weak revenue in September, sending shares to two-year lows.	Business
Senators Request Boeing Deal Investigation Leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee asked the Defense Department on Friday to have its inspector general investigate the Air Force's effort to.	Business
Technical Hitch Delays Russia Space Station Launch - The launch of a Russian rocket to the International Space Station next month has been postponed due to problems with the docking system, Russia's space agency said.	Tech
Kashmir separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is prevented from leading a protest against alleged rapes by an army officer.	World
Australia: Wallets trump war A majority of Australians oppose the Iraq war, but they are more concerned about the economy.	World
Despite scandals, Boeing charms Wall Street. Boeing's bottom line continues to fatten, even as its image tarnishes, thanks in part to the consolidation of the defense industry, which has left the Pentagon with few choices for buying weapons, analysts said.	Business
Merck's Board Adopts Severance Plan for Officials Merck & Co., seeking to keep managers from leaving after the withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller, adopted a plan to give severance payments to over 200 executives should control of the company change.	Business
Jimenez ends Langer's challenge at the 35th hole Saturday to earn a semifinal place in the World Match Play Championship.	Sports
Nortel financial filings could be delayed into 2005. Less than a week after launching a media blitz to boost its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. postponed the release of its financial statements, underlining the company's challenges to steer out.	Business
Eritreans deported by Libya hijack a plane in KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Armed with knives, Eritrean deportees hijacked a plane from Libya carrying about 80 fellow Eritreans and forced it to land in the Sudanese capital before surrendering to security forces, officials said.	World
NTL to sell broadcasting arm Britain’s biggest cable company, NTL, agreed to sell its radio and television broadcasting business for 1.27bn to a consortium led by a fund managed by Australia’s Macquarie Bank.	Business
Iraq's neighbors want billions for environmental damage done in the 1990-1 Gulf conflict but are set to get only paltry funds from the United.	Tech
Dillon Relishes Victory Of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon rolled up against the Jets on Sunday, the final 12 might have been the most important.	Sports
Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has announced he is too ill to continue and plans to abdicate. Prince Ranariddh, the king's son, has traveled to Beijing.	World
U.S. Brokers Cease-fire in Afghanistan KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has brokered a cease-fire between a militia leader and the governor of the western province of Herat, Washington's envoy to Kabul said Tuesday.	World
Russian Duma to launch new school massacre probe Russia will launch a second inquiry into the Beslan school hostage massacre, Duma speaker Boris Gryzlov said Thursday, marking a further climbdown by authorities who initially ruled out a probe.	World
Cabrera Leads Red Sox Past Blue Jays 5-4 - Orlando Cabrera hit a double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch, giving the Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Blue Jays Tuesday night.	Sports
Typhoon Tokage Claims 25 Lives; 43 Missing, NHK Reports Twenty-five people were confirmed dead and 43 missing as of 5 am after typhoon Tokage passed through Japan, NHK said on its site.	World
United Seeks Labor Cuts United Airlines seeks \$725 million in labor concessions and to eliminate traditional pensions as it seeks financing to exit bankruptcy.	Business
Generals May Pay Price for Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal could end the careers of four Army generals linked to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four are singled out for varying degrees of criticism - mixed with instances of praise - in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Kansas Gets Chance For Revenge Against Nevada The second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses last season when they welcome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
Austrian regulators have approved Siemens AG's bid to take over engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said Friday.	Business
Will Your Next Cell Phone Have a Hard Drive? Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Intel are pushing development of interface technology they hope will smooth adoption of compact hard drives into mobile phones, PDAs, and digital music players, the companies say.	Tech
S&P 500 Rises for 4th Day; Material, Energy Shares Lead Advance The S&P 500 Index rose for a fourth day as investors looked past a disappointing third-quarter growth report to better-than-expected readings on Chicago-area business and consumer confidence.	Business
Sony announced plans to release a new dual-format DVD burner compatible with Macintosh computers. The external double-layer DVD drive, called the DRX-710UL-T, is designed to record up to.	Tech
Microsoft Patches for ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 Microsoft released bulletin MS04-039 reporting a vulnerability in ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 and announced patches to resolve these issues.	Tech
Detainees seen as minimal threat WASHINGTON -- Most alleged Al Qaeda and Taliban inmates at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be freed or sent to their home countries for further investigation because many pose little threat and are not providing valuable intelligence, the facility's deputy commander said.	World
Taiwan rescuers dug out seven bodies from mud and rock in a village hit by a landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere, but eight remained buried, officials said Friday.	World
A Better Solution for Israel The tone of Daniel Seidemann's plea to the next US administration to save Israel serves no purpose, op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
Sony, Matsushita, Sharp to launch Blu-ray camcorders in 2005. TOKYO (AFX) - Firms supporting the next-generation optical DVD format, Blu-ray Disc, plan to release camcorders that record on smaller versions of the discs in 2005, Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported.	Tech
Hornets' Davis Out with Back Injury (Reuters) - New Orleans Hornets guard Baron Davis is expected to be sidelined one to two weeks due to a back injury.	Sports
Unctad optimistic on global FDI inflows The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) on Wednesday said that global FDI inflows fell in 2003 for the third year in a row to \$560 billion, but prospects for the current year are promising.	Business
Report: Lehman to get Ryder Cup job Tom Lehman will succeed where Hal Sutton failed when he is introduced as the 2006 U.S. Ryder Cup captain, according to golfdigest.	Sports
Before the Bell: GenCorp Falls 5.6% - Shares of GenCorp Inc. fell 5.6% before the bell on Monday after Steel Partners withdrew its proposal to acquire the aerospace and real estate company.	Tech
Grand Central improves integration service, enhancing online service for moving business information between corporations.	Tech
Flu Shot Shortage Highlights U.S. Crisis WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Health officials began investigating Friday what went wrong at a British vaccine plant where half the U.S. flu shots were made, and called on more companies to enter the vaccine business.	Business
Owen starts as Real lose. Michael Owen admitted Real Madrid are still searching for the right balance after losing 1-0 at Espanyol in a bad-tempered game Saturday.	Sports
Iraq's Sadr Orders Fighters to Lay Down Weapons. NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Friday ordered his men inside Najaf's Imam Ali mosque to lay down weapons and join thousands of Shi'ite pilgrims outside the shrine.	World
Man Sets Himself on Fire Near White House - A man set himself afire Monday outside a White House gate and yelled "Allah Allah" as a Secret Service officer held him facedown on the sidewalk.	World
Court Won't Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid - A U.S. appeals court ruled Friday that Arch Coal Inc. may proceed with its bid to buy assets of Triton Coal Co., denying an emergency request by the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal, a spokesman said.	Business
US Airways, Pilots Union Near Agreement US Airways is seeking \$800 million in concessions from unions as it attempts to avoid Chapter 11. The pilots association will present its proposal this evening.	Business
Commission backs £5bn British Energy deal. British Energy welcomed a decision by the European Commission to approve a government-backed £5bn rescue plan.	Business
American Airlines Raises Ticket Prices FORT WORTH, Texas -- The high cost of jet fuel is prompting American Airlines to raise domestic ticket prices. It will charge an extra \$5 for one-way flights and \$10 for roundtrip.	Business
Manning Sets Record HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Colts quarterback Peyton Manning threw two touchdown passes in the first quarter of Sunday’s game against the Texans at Reliant Stadium, setting an NFL record for most consecutive games with multiple TD throws.	Sports
Did Apple Offer Sony an iTunes Deal? Update: A partnership may be crucial for long-term success, an industry insider says.	Tech
Goldcorp Will Review Glamis Bid Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is willing to evaluate a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would break its merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals.	Business
Broadcom taps ex-Philips CEO Scott McGregor, former head of Royal Philips Electronics' semiconductor division, to replace Alan Ross, who plans to retire.	Tech
APPLE'S NEWEST WRINKLE: CUSTOMIZED U2 IPOD Apple and rock band U2 have inked a deal to sell customized iPods, The Post has learned. The announcement will be made at a splashy event Oct.	Tech
Ship hits Japan breakwater; six crew members are killed and one is missing after a South Korean cargo ship strikes a breakwater in Japan.	World
Death Toll 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Missing TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll rose from Japan's deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned Friday that climate change could bring a stormier future.	World
Crowton Steps Down As BYU Football Coach BYU coach Gary Crowton walks off the field after BYU's 28-27 loss to Boise State, in Boise, Idaho, in this Sept. 24, 2004 photo.	Sports
Alamosa Bids for AirGate (Reuters) - Alamosa Holdings Inc. said Monday it made an unsolicited bid for AirGate PCS Inc. worth about £380 million, creating one of the largest sellers of wireless service under the Sprint brand.	Tech
US Cautious On Progress Toward Enriching Uranium The United States is responding carefully to Iran's announcement that it has taken a major step toward enriching uranium, a key ingredient in nuclear weapons.	World
Fed Raises Interest Rate 4th Time to 2 Percent The Federal Reserve indicated it would continue to raise interest rates gradually through much of next year.	Business
Carolina's Davis Out for Season CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Panthers running back Stephen Davis will miss the remainder of the season after being placed on injured reserve Saturday.	Sports
US stocks fell Tuesday as health insurers' shares slid on worries that the New York attorney general's probe will impact the entire industry.	Business
Air France-KLM posted a 61 percent rise in revenue in the fiscal second quarter, boosted by the merger between the French and Dutch carriers and a strong rise in passenger and cargo revenue.	Business
Swimmer Michael Phelps today said he made a mistake when he was arrested for drink-driving last week. The Olympic champion was charged with drink driving after a trooper.	Sports
Hamm should support Yang. Paul Hamm needs a new marketing strategy or a clue. One gesture separates him from lionization in America and canonization in South Korea.	Sports
Agent: Extortion Plot Targeted Sheffield (AP) - New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife were targets of a blackmailer who claimed to have embarrassing sexual videotapes of her and a musician, Sheffield's business agent said Tuesday.	Sports
A win worth a Calypso or two London, September 26: Brazil is synonymous with soccer and Tom with Jerry; West Indies cricket has always been synonymous with fast bowlers, batsmen with more flair than wood in their willows; and with calypso.	Sports
Music industry group sues 750 for file sharing Los Angeles, October 29: A trade group representing the US music industry said Thursday it has filed lawsuits against 750 people it claims used online file-sharing networks to illegally trade copyrighted songs.	Tech
Mashburn's season blocked by knee injury; may retire. More than a year removed from his best season, Jamal Mashburn is likely done playing in the NBA. Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets announced Monday, a week before opening.	Sports
Piller Out for Months After Arm Surgery (AP) - Titans guard Zach Piller might miss the season after surgery to repair his ruptured left biceps.	Sports
Apple recalls 15-inch PowerBook G4 batteries. The affected batteries could overheat, posing a fire hazard. Apple received reports of overheating. No injuries have been reported.	Tech
German retailer snubs union plan. Struggling department store owner KarstadtQuelle has rejected union concessions over pay crucial to restructuring of the firm.	Business
SEC may finalize Qwest settlement today The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to announce a settlement with Qwest critical of "senior management," sources familiar with the case said.	Business
US ends Jamaica's Cup hopes Eddie Johnson scored his fifth goal in three games Wednesday, and the US national team eliminated Jamaica from World Cup contention with a 1-1 tie in Columbus, Ohio.	Sports
Ten candidates qualified to contest the Palestinian presidential elections set for Jan. 9. They are:	World
Self-sustaining killer robot creates stink. It may eat flies and stink, but if this robot works, it will be an important step towards making robots fully autonomous.	Tech
Chirac puts retirement on hold. President Jacques Chirac passed his 72nd birthday yesterday locked in a struggle to maintain relevance amid an intraparty challenge and friction with the superpower.	World
Update 4: Court Dismisses Suit From Hollinger Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. suffered a setback Friday in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge scaled back its effort to	Business
Warren Is Told Not to Get Personal The NFL cautioned Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a personal foul against Steelers quarterback Roethlisberger during tomorrow's game.	Sports
Man held for slashing teens - Chinese police have detained a man who murdered eight teenagers and injured four others in a dormitory, state press said late Friday.	World
China closed 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed $12.1 million in fines for allowing children to play violent or adult games and other violations, state media reported.	Tech
Cali Cartel Boss Sent to U.S. on Drug Charges. BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The former boss of the Cali drug cartel, who controlled most of the world's cocaine trade, was sent to the U.S. on Friday to face trafficking and money laundering charges.	World
US beats Germany 2-1 in OT to face Brazil in final. Heather O'Reilly, minutes after missing an open net, scored in the ninth minute of overtime Monday to give the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany and a place in Thursday's gold-medal game.	Sports
Office Depot Sees Profit Below Views NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. office supply retailer, on Tuesday forecast third-quarter and full-year profits below estimates due to disruptions from hurricanes.	Business
Jabil Circuit Posts Higher Profit SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">JBL.N</A> on Tuesday posted higher quarterly profit on stronger demand for computers, cellphones, and electronic products.	Business
Astronomers find proof of Einstein's theory. Scientists say satellites off their orbits show Earth twists the fabric of space-time as it rotates.	Tech
Sharapova Withdraws From Advanta Tourney - Maria Sharapova withdrew from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships Saturday with a strained shoulder.	Sports
Kendall Boosts Jets' Offensive Line (AP) - Ask Curtis Martin to pick one of the most important additions to the New York Jets this season, and he has a quick answer: guard Pete Kendall.	Sports
Auburn's Obomanu Recalls 'The Drop' (AP) - Ben Obomanu used to be curious about the goats of the sports world, the guys who had the game in their hands and failed. "I wonder how that guy feels," he'd ask. He doesn't have to ask anymore. Not since "The Drop," his moment of infamy when a chance to beat Mississippi last season slipped through his hands in the end zone, turning his dream game into a nightmare.	Sports
United States 66, Russia 62 Frustrated by fouls, turnovers and a feisty opponent, the United States sought help. Then came Sheryl Swoopes to set things right.	Sports
Microsoft Unveils Software to Find Files - Microsoft Corp. on Monday joined the battle for supremacy in desktop search, introducing software for quickly locating files on personal computers that challenges Google's rival product.	Tech
No. 9 Ohio State Edges Marshall on Last-Second FG COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time expired lifted the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes to a dramatic 24-21 win over Marshall in the first meeting between teams.	Sports
Car bomb exploded near Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's party headquarters in western Baghdad on Monday, targeting a police checkpoint at the entrance to the road leading to the building, witnesses said.	World
Athens Bus Hijackers Release Five Hostages. Hijackers who took 26 people hostage on a commuter bus on the outskirts of Athens released five captives. Police are negotiating to free the remaining hostages, a spokeswoman said.	World
Emotional rescue for Jones Jacque Jones sprinted around the bases, as if he couldn't wait to share the moment.	Sports
Sharapova Advances to Korea Open Quarters SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova defeated Japan's Miho Saeki 6-3, 6-1 on Thursday to reach the quarter-finals of the Korea Open.	Sports
Leinart, Bush, White, and Peterson lead final 5. Four players whose teams are bound for the Orange Bowl dominate the Heisman Trophy finalist list announced Wednesday on SportsCenter.	Sports
Safin Clinches Third Paris Masters PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin won the Paris Masters for a record third time, beating Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek 6-3 7-6 6-3 on Sunday.	Sports
Headshake to the SETI Headfake Did the famous screensaver, SETIhome, uncover the first strong evidence for an extraterrestrial signal? SETI Institute's Seth Shostak discusses how hyperbole can misrepresent the last addition to a list of candidates.	Tech
Allianz to challenge US court ruling on WTC attacks MUNICH - German insurer Allianz said Tuesday it would fight a US jury decision in New York that doubled the amount of insurance the leaseholder of the destroyed World Trade Center towers could collect from nine insurers.	Business
AOL Adds McAfee to Bundle (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is adding security to its Internet service with virus protection software from McAfee at no charge to customers. AOL claims it is the first ISP to offer premium antivirus coverage in the basic membership package.	Tech
Soccer: Matuzalem brace ends Celtic's Champions League hopes DONETSK, Ukraine: Brazilian midfielder Matuzalem defied chilly temperatures to score a double for Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday in a 3-0 win that ended Celtic's Champions League ambitions this season.	Sports
Co-stars nearly steal show IT was a match that didn't run to the script but this is the land where life often imitates the silver screen. And for 64 minutes yesterday the USA Tomahawks were pure Hollywood.	Sports
National Business Briefs ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Google won a major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that its advertising policy does not violate trademark laws.	Business
Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan was picked Wednesday to head the House Intelligence Committee amid a heated election-year debate over how to carry out a major overhaul of the nation's intelligence system.	World
Fixed-to-mobile substitution is gaining momentum. There is a trend for consumers to move away from fixed-line phones to mobile handsets for most voice calls, according to a study conducted for Finnish mobile maker Nokia by UK market.	Tech
South Seas Islands Pin Future on Geotourism The Cook Islands receive more tourists per capita than any other South Pacific destination. Authorities are revamping their tourism strategy to focus on preservation.	Tech
OPEC Wary on Increase in Oil Quotas VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.	Business
Vodafone keen on expansion Vodafone said today it remained keen on purchases in France, eastern Europe, and Asia and Africa as it detailed annual cost cuts expected to reach 2.	Business
"Cure" a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors At a time when more people are cured of cancer than ever, fewer doctors seem willing to say so. They call cancer undetectable or in remission. They tell patients they can quit seeing specialists. They quote statistics and say chances are slim that the disease will come back.	Tech
Only about 100 French Muslim girls are breaking the new ban on headscarves in schools, the education minister says.	World
Spurrier expected to replace Holtz. Lou Holtz wanted his South Carolina players to focus on their game against Clemson. They now have more on their minds. Holtz will retire as coach at South Carolina.	Sports
Toxic algae bloom detected off Washington coast SEATTLE - A toxic algae bloom 30 miles wide has been found 15 miles off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet identified by scientists in the region.	Tech
Ian Crocker of the United States set a world record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly at the championships on Sunday.	Sports
Vote 2004 - a guide to the primary Get ready for the primary with the Herald-Tribune's special section profiling federal, state, and local candidates in Tuesday's election.	World
Jerkens makes right call with Society Selection Trainer Allen Jerkens wavered this week over running Society Selection in Saturday's Grade 1 Alabama at Saratoga.	Sports
Chinese President Hu Jintao met Fidel Castro Monday for talks on the broadening ties between Cuba and China, which has become the island's third-largest trading partner.	World
Vietnam Marks Independence with Pardons for Prisoners HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has released nearly 9,000 prisoners, including 10 inmates whose cases had drawn international attention, as part of pardons ahead of independence celebrations on September 2.	World
Hamas said Friday it was setting aside differences with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called for a united Palestinian leadership to work toward elections.	World
Open Letter Against British Copyright Indoctrination in Schools The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) launched a "Music Manifesto" campaign to educate the next generation of British musicians. Unfortunately, they teamed up with the music industry (EMI and various artists) to make this popular. EMI negotiated their end well, so children in schools will now be indoctrinated about the illegality of downloading music. The ignorance and audacity of this got to me, so I wrote an open letter to the DfES about it. Unfortunately, it's pedantic, as you must be when writing to government representatives. I hope you find it useful and feel inspired to do something similar if or when the same thing has happened in your area.	Tech
AMD Unveils Low-Cost Internet Device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has introduced a low-cost Internet device costing a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.	Tech
Volkswagen May Be Close to Settling Wage Talks Volkswagen and its workers entered a critical week in wage negotiations on Monday, with signs that a compromise was taking shape as protests flared at factories in Germany.	World
Stock Futures Flat Before GDP, Fed Speech NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were flat Friday as investors awaited key data on the economy that could determine the market's direction.	Business
Veritas Reaches into Its Wallet By acquiring KVault, which makes e-mail archiving software, it aims to erode EMC's lead and rebuild investors' confidence.	Tech
Jackson the Wizard of Loz Regardless of her status in basketball, Lauren Jackson's legacy will be what she achieves with her teams.	Sports
CBS Fined $550,000 for Jackson Stunt - CBS received a bill Wednesday for Janet Jackson's flash dance during the Super Bowl halftime show: a record $550,000.	Sports
Koch, Park lead first day in Nine Bridges Classic Carin Koch of Sweden and Grace Park of South Korea shot a 6-under-par 66 on Friday, taking the lead after the first round of the LPGA's CJ Nine Bridges Classic.	Sports
Islamic group threatens to kill Indian cricketers in Bangladesh (AFP) - A little-known radical group has threatened to kill Indian cricketers when they tour Bangladesh from Tuesday, the Indian High Commission told AFP.	World
OPEC Increases Oil Output The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed to increase output by one million barrels a day to lower prices.	Business
Saban hiring on hold DAVIE - The Dolphins want Nick Saban, and the LSU coach could be on his way. LSU Athletic Director Skip Bertman said Friday that "an offer is imminent," but the Dolphins are committed to adhering.	Sports
Northwest fee increase has agents crying foul. The airline will pay only \$5 of the \$12.50 cost of booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system like Sabre or Galileo starting Wednesday.	Business
Cocoa prices fell but Ivorian exports remained blocked. World cocoa prices were down Tuesday but above the day's lows as exports were on hold after violence and clashes in Ivory Coast, the key global supplier, traders said.	World
Holes Found in Cisco, Veritas, Samba Products - Security sources announce four unrelated enterprise vulnerabilities in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas Backup Exec, and Samba, the file-sharing utility for Linux.	Tech
Texas School to Offer Women's Gaming Scholarship - To attract more women into the male-dominated video game industry, a program for aspiring game developers at Southern Methodist University will offer a women-only scholarship, organizers said.	Tech
Yukos plans to fix itself before auction The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months after the auction of its assets in December.	Business
Disgruntled shareholders file suit to force talks with Oracle while PeopleSoft's largest shareholders disagree.	Business
Auto sales surged in September. Sales rose 10%, led by a 25% surge at General Motors and increases for Chrysler and Toyota. GM had its biggest gain in two years after boosting rebates.	Business
BlueGene surpasses Earth Simulator. IBM announced yesterday that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer achieved a sustained performance of 36.	Business
Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman Charles Munger and his wife Nancy donated \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school.	Business
Qwest to pay \$250 million to end probe WASHINGTON -- Qwest Communications on Thursday said it agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of fraudulent accounting practices by former executives.	Business
Cisco and Microsoft have heard: IT managers are tired of plugging security holes in networks.	Tech
Report: Drugs Caused Ken Caminiti's Death NEW YORK - A drug overdose killed former baseball star Ken Caminiti, who tested positive for cocaine weeks before he died at 41 and admitted using steroids during his playing days, the medical examiner ruled Monday.	Sports
Iraqi Airways resumed international flights Saturday when a plane took off from Jordan, the airline's first flight since UN sanctions were imposed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.	World
Oil Down 3 Pct. as U.S. Winter Stays Mild NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell 3 percent on Monday on expectations that mild U.S. weather at the start of the New Year will limit heating oil demand.	Business
Social Security Reform a Boon for Funds? (Reuters) Reuters - The bonanza many believe President Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to reform Social Security may be a mirage, industry leaders said.	Business
Caley Determined to Make Right Choice Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Ken Mackie insists the club will not rush to appoint a successor to John Robertson.	Sports
Dollar Holds Gains, Fed Comments Help TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held the previous day's gain on Tuesday, supported by a retreat in oil prices and upbeat comments on the U.S. economy from Fed officials.	Business
Cardinals Crush Dodgers, Take 2-0 Series Lead Mike Matheny's two-run single highlighted a three-run fifth inning rally that lifted the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series Thursday.	Sports
Maker of Twinkies goes into bankruptcy. Interstate Bakeries Corp. has filed for bankruptcy, a casualty of rising costs and reduced demand for carbohydrate-rich breads and pastries, including Wonder Bread and Hostess Twinkies.	Business
Gunfire Erupts in Pro-Aristide Haiti Slum PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, sending people scattering through streets.	World
FDA Orders Antidepressant Warning Labels By DIEDTRA HENDERSON WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration ordered all antidepressants to carry "black box" warnings that they "increase the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior" in children who take them. Patients and parents will receive medication guides with the warning with each new prescription or refill...	Tech
Big Game Hunting Virginia, Navy and Maryland face season-defining games, perhaps program-defining games for the Cavaliers and Midshipmen as they play Florida State and Notre Dame on Saturday.	Sports
Parties Allowed to Contact Absentee Voters - Like fishing in a stocked pond instead of an ocean, politicians are trying to catch votes by targeting calls and fliers at voters who applied for absentee ballots.	World
Saks announces store closings, stating shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on its more "productive" locations and strengthen its brand.	Business
UPI NewsTrack Sports -- The United States men's basketball team capped off a big day by defeating Greece, 77-71. "They played with heart," said Coach Larry Brown. "That's all you can ask."	Sports
The Times is to scrap its broadsheet edition and go tabloid from Monday, it was confirmed today. The decision was made after a trial run of the compact edition proved successful, said editor Robert Thomson.	Sports
Al-Jazeera aired footage of British hostage Margaret Hassan appealing for the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq, the network said in a video.	World
Dolphins' Fiedler Not Happy About Benching - Dave Wannstedt wasn't happy with Jay Fiedler on Saturday, and the feeling was mutual. Wannstedt benched Fiedler at halftime of the Dolphins' 17-7 loss to the Titans, and the quarterback was disappointed about the quick hook.	Sports
Pitt can crash BCS with victory. It appears that Pittsburgh will represent the Big East with an 8-3 record.	Sports
Nepal Seeks Talks to End Rebel Blockade of Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Fear of attack kept vehicles off roads to Nepal's capital for a second day Thursday as authorities sought talks to end a siege called by Maoist insurgents.	World
Yahoo has increased e-mail storage for users of its free service from 100 megabytes to 250 MB. The Internet giant also unveiled an anti-spam technology called DomainKeys, which curtails messages from spoofed addresses.	Tech
SEC Probes United Rentals, Shares Drop. CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators are investigating United Rentals Inc. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N" target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">URI.N</A> and have subpoenaed some accounting records, sending its shares down 21.5 percent.	Business
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs PeopleSoft's board knew that CEO Craig Conway erred in his comments, so it filed a corrected version of the transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
Top seed Federer struggles to defeat Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and reach the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.	Sports
Cheney Campaigns for House Candidates - With two Louisiana congressional seats up for grabs, Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned in the state Wednesday for Republicans hoping to sweep Saturday's runoff elections.	World
Barca wins again Barcelona moved 12 points clear at the top of Spain's Primera Liga with a 2-1 win at Albacete. Iniesta put Barca ahead after two minutes, but Gonzalez equalized with 17 minutes remaining.	Sports
Surrey poised to sign Harbhajan Surrey is waiting for approval from the Board of Control for Cricket in India before announcing Harbhajan Singh as an overseas signing for 2005.	Sports
IBM and Intel open blade specifications. With today's announcement, hardware vendors gain access to BladeCenter specifications by signing a seven-page licensing agreement, granting users the right to license the specifications for certain products.	Tech
Brown bears arrived in N. America earlier than thought. The discovery sheds light on the ancestry of modern brown bears, which has puzzled researchers. A genetic analysis of the skull fragment indicates its owner was closely related to brown bears.	Tech
UN Council to Vote on Darfur Resolution UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and China held talks Saturday before the U.N. Security Council was to vote on a resolution considering oil sanctions against Sudan if it did not stop atrocities in Darfur.	World
Auburn Stays Perfect No. 2 Auburn rallies in the second half to defeat rival Alabama, 21-13, Saturday and keep its championship hopes alive.	Sports
Volcano 'cowboys' ride a ring of fire. Scientists use gas-sniffing devices and GPS systems to better forecast when a mountain will stir. By Brad Knickerbocker, Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	Tech
Sanjay Kumar, former chief executive of Computer Associates in Islandia, NY, pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges he helped inflate financial results.	Business
Motorola plans to sell mobile network equipment using Linux-based code, a step forward in network gear makers' efforts to rally around a standard.	Tech
Group Cites Video Games for Violence, Sex - Video games that have players shoot gang members, watch bare-breasted women, and recreate the assassination of President Kennedy were criticized Tuesday by advocacy groups that said they should be kept away from children.	Tech
Vivendi, Messier Fined \$1.35M Each French regulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each Tuesday for deceiving investors with inaccurate financial communications over two years.	Business
Pfizer to settle asbestos claims NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - Pfizer (PFE) said Friday it has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle all lawsuits alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary.	Business
Molson issues earnings warning MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has issued a warning of disappointing summer-quarter earnings, saying sales have been slow in Canada and profitability has been squeezed in Brazil.	Business
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal anguishing com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This priority's focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Cavaliers activate Wagner again - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated Dajuan Wagner off the injured list Monday for a second time this season. Wagner missed five games with inflamed right arch after sitting out seven games because of sprained right ankle.	Sports
Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. announced it has signed a merger agreement to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately \$10.3 billion. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
England job remains full-time The Football Association insisted it has no plans to reduce the England coach's role to part-time. A report in the Daily Mirror claimed the FA was considering appointing a Premiership boss.	Sports
Militants holding UN workers said talks have been postponed. Militants threatening to kill three UN hostages said that talks with Afghan and UN officials had been postponed.	World
Iran will cease negotiations with the EU if upcoming talks in Brussels reach a dead end, the IRNA news agency reported.	World
Melrose comes up short Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse bound for the postseason. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent years — and yesterday was no exception.	Sports
Foreseeing the Sun's fate: Astronomical interferometry reveals For the first time, an international team of astronomers led by Guy Perrin from the Paris Observatory, Meudon, France, and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory, Tucson, Arizona, has observed the close environment of.	Tech
Bryant Jury Selection Behind Closed Doors (AP) - Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant rape case were asked their feelings on racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity, and justice for the rich and famous in an 82-item questionnaire released Monday.	Sports
France, Brazil lead charge for global anti-poverty campaign. UNITED NATIONS: The presidents of Brazil and France called for efforts to fight poverty and hunger in developing countries, including the controversial creation of an international tax to combat the negative effects of globalization.	World
Cardinals unable to solve Schilling The first at-bat of the game seemed to go on, with Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling aiming to end the inning with little damage, and St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria aiming to disrupt his plan. Twelve pitches later, after several fouls, Schilling got Renteria to ground out.	Sports
Chinese skaters crowned at Smart Ones Skate America Duo Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao clinched first place in pairs free skating at Smart Ones Skate America, the first station of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix.	Sports
Eagles lead Cowboys 7-0 after the first quarter. Terrell Owens turned a pass into a 59-yard touchdown, giving the Philadelphia Eagles a 7-0 lead over the Dallas Cowboys after the first quarter Monday night.	Sports
Batman visits Buckingham Palace. A security officer stands by as father rights campaigner Jason Hatch (R), dressed as Batman, protests on a balcony at Buckingham Palace, London, September 13, 2004.	World
NFL Postpones Miami Game Due to Hurricane Jeanne The NFL has postponed Sunday’s game between the Steelers and Dolphins in Miami due to Hurricane Jeanne.	Sports
Keane hits two to put Spurs back on track. Tottenham, in disarray last weekend after the resignation of manager Jacques Santini, got their campaign back on track last night by defeating Championship opponents.	Sports
Martinez leaves bitter Like Roger Clemens eight years earlier, Pedro Martinez has left the Red Sox apparently bitter about the way he was treated by management.	Sports
Panama-Cuba row worsens as Panama recalls its ambassador after Cuba threatened to sever ties if jailed anti-Castro activists are pardoned.	World
Boston archbishop reveals anguish of closings BOSTON Boston's Archbishop tells Catholics that the church's financial footing is "worse than people realize."	Sports
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond told developers earlier this year plans to port some SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows.	Tech
Bode Miller won his fourth World Cup race Friday, with Daron Rahlves second -- the first 1-2 finish for US men in a World Cup downhill.	Sports
Relatives of abandoned man found The family of an 82-year-old Alzheimer's sufferer who was abandoned at a hospital has come forward.	World
UN says Afghan vote can legitimise postwar scene. Afghanistan has a chance for political legitimacy when voters go to the polls in the first post-Taliban presidential election, the UN envoy said.	World
Funds: What Makes a Fund a Winner? (Reuters) - Clint Willis is a freelance writer covering mutual funds for Reuters. Opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.	Business
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China's Economic Surge. BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac declared Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy deals, played down any threat from one of the fastest growing economies.	World
120 million origami birds fell on Thailand. About 120 million origami birds were dropped over southern Thailand yesterday to quell a Muslim insurgency that has led to deaths of more than 500 people this year.	World
Ireland blocks calls to 13 countries to thwart internet scams. Ireland's telecom regulator is taking "extraordinary" measures to protect users from autodialer programs that hijack modems and run up long-distance charges by suspending direct dialing to 13 countries.	Tech
US troops in Fallujah provide food and first aid as they face guerrilla resistance.	World
Sole Survivor Making sneakers in America is yesterday. How can New Balance do it and thrive?	Business
One in four servers will run Linux by 2008. A report by a research firm predicted a bright future for the open-source operating system, claiming that shipments of servers running Linux and revenues from those shipments will rise significantly over the next five years.	Tech
Sihamoni ready to take over: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk declared Sunday that his son, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni is ready to accept kingship.	World
Firefox Leaves No Reason to Endure Internet Explorer. That should have been said long ago. After Microsoft cemented a monopoly of the Web-browser market, it let Internet Explorer go stale, giving out ho-hum updates that neglected vulnerabilities.	Tech
Dollar's Fall Is a Wake-Up Call for Nations, IMF's Rajan Says The decline of the US dollar signals that policy makers need to do more to ensure currency depreciation won't hurt global growth, IMF chief economist Raghuram Rajan said.	Business
Ky. Company Wins Grant to Study Peptides - A company founded by a chemistry researcher at the University of Louisville won a grant to develop a method for producing better peptides, short chains of amino acids, building blocks of proteins.	Tech
Saudi Denies Failure to Pursue Insurgents - A senior Saudi official rejected a suggestion that his government was lax in pursuing nationals who provide money to Iraqi insurgents or terrorist groups.	World
Search Marketing Beyond Google and Overture When people talk about pay per click (PPC) search engine advertising, Google and Overture (Yahoo!) take center stage. But in reality, there are hundreds of smaller 'Tier Two' search engines that offer compelling PPC opportunities.	Tech
Australian PM won't apologize for pre-war intelligence. Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday he won’t follow British counterpart Tony Blair, who could apologize for faulty evidence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	World
China Concerned at Japan's Defense Move SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China voiced concern Saturday over Japan's overhaul of defense policy that eased a ban on arms exports and suggested a shift from a defensive posture since World War II.	World
Atlas Copco to Sell Tool Business Swedish company Atlas Copco said it will sell its electric tool business to Techtronic Industries.	Business
Bush Faces Heavy Pre-RNC Travel Schedule (AP) - President Bush enters the final runup to the Republican National Convention with a heavy campaign schedule in key states he needs to carry in November.	World
Two Michigan State football players were arrested Tuesday morning for planting three homemade "MacGyver bombs" outside a campus apartment.	Sports
Dempsey: soccer impasse qualifies as a concern. US national team candidates expected to begin training in Los Angeles this week for the final round of World Cup qualifying. Instead, the camp has been postponed due to a contract dispute between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association.	Sports
Screensaver Strikes Back at Spammers New software lets spam recipients band together to target websites behind the messages. The idea is to bombard sites with messages, slowing them down and making them more expensive to run.	Tech
Amazon Web Services (AWS) of Amazon.com released Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service.	Tech
AOL attacks spammers A volley of lawsuits was launched against alleged spammers on Thursday by four US Internet service providers. This includes a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spamming.	Tech
Chiefs' Green Expected to Start Sunday KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green is expected to start Sunday against the Raiders despite bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
MmO2 Announces 3G Mobile Data Network Launch. Customers can download film clips, audio, video, multiplayer games, music tracks, "push-to-watch" services, and access large email attachments.	Tech
Darfur warring parties to meet in Nigeria for peace talks. Sudan's government and its foes in the Darfur region's rebel movements will meet on Monday for peace talks, marking a last chance for African diplomacy to solve the crisis before the United Nations steps in.	World
