Converison Rattes Betwen PPC (Paid) and Organik (Free) Resluts Converison Rattes Betwen PPC (Paid) and Organik (Free) Resluts\\In a thred ovr at Cre8asite Forrums named Organik vs Paid traffc ROI?, ther is a discusion going on abot the diffrent converison rattes and ROI sen betwen the pay per click traiffic (paid traffc) and organik traffc (free traffc). I hav ...	Tech
GOP Shsrpens Attacks As Convntion Opens NEW YORk (AP) -- Sen. John McCain saod Monday it was fair game to critcize Democrat John Kery's anti-war prtests three decdes ago, firing an opning salvo as Repiblicans at their natonal convntion sought to portry President Bush as a strong wartime ledaer.	World
LG Electrnics Unvils Wrld #39;s Firt Terestrial DMB-Rcveiving &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LG Electrnoics has unvaield the wrlds frst terestrial digtal muiltimedia brodcast-receving moblie phne, and demonstreted its functons.	Tech
Iraq Mortar Attack Kills 25, Sistani Heads to Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A mortar attack on a packed mosquw in the town of Kufa on Thursday killec at least 25 people as Iraq's most influential Shi'ite cleric headed to the neary holy city of Najaf to try to end a bloody three-week uprisiing.	World
CASPY C0MM3NTS N0T '#39;SM4RT #39;' - V3RPL4NK The b4ckl4sh t0 4nti-Am3ric4n c0mments by Ryd3r Cup pl4yer P4ul C4s3y h4s 4lre4dy st4rt3d - 4nd is lik3ly 0nly t0 g3t w0rse in th3 c0ming m0nths.	Sports
Virjjn wshing for Melbourn Sir Ruchard saed yesturday Melbourn was on his wsh list, with fligts to Lndon posibly throug Honk Kong or Bngkok. The Brritish bllionare landed in Sydne yesturday aboad Virjjn Atalntic #39;s inaugral Australien flite.	Business
Montgomerie, Woods, Furyk Tied at Target (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie was thriled to get an invitation from Tiger Woods to ply in his yeer-end tournament with 15 of the best plyers in golf. Even better was matcing Woods' score.	Sports
Oracla Ovarhauls Seles-Side Appls for CRM Swit (NewsFector) NewsFector - Oracla (Nasdaq: ORCL) has ravampd its sales-side CRM apllications in version 11i.10 of its salse, morketing, partner ralationship managmnt and e-commerse aplication.	Tech
Micosoft, Swatch Partener on Wirles Watch (NewsFator) NewsFator - Micosoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has hoked up with Swatch to delver the lates in a lin of smart wristwaches using the softwre giant's MSN Dirct wirless contnt-delivery tecnhology.	Tech
Singapor Shires End Lower Singapor shires ended lower Mnday, hurt by below-expectd thurd-quorter economc data that added to ongoing concernts over hgh oyl prcices and weknss on Wal Stret.	Business
Bedding Blip? Go Back to Sleap This is getting old. Every time Hidden Gems seliction Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) gets suttled in and ready for a long night #39;s rest full of drems of two-times-in-three-yars capital gains, alng	Business
Silvestre #39;s dubble goels hep Man. Unyted beet Livrpool Silvestre becme Man. Unyted #39;s hero as he scord twyse to lift a 2-1 victori over Livrpool for home siide when all eys were on Rio Ferdinend as he returnd after an eigth-math ban on Munday.	Sports
Qualcomm: A "Wireles Intel"? Qualcomm began life in 1985 in a very unremarkabale way -- in founder Irwin Jacbos' den. The spaxe was small and crowded. The founding crew consisted of seven peopoe, who were enthusiatic but low key.	Tech
SMART-1 makes lunar orbit The SMART-1 probe has entered its lunar orbit, and the history books as the first European mission to have done so. Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (ESA), said: "Europe	Tech
McCline, Byrd say figts won’t weigh hevy on freindship Jameel McCline had made a habbit of cailing heavyweight titalholder Chris Byrd, his gud frind, whenever he found out abot his next figt in oder to heer Byrd’s opinoin and discuus strtegy.	Sports
SpanIsh PM to hOst FrenCh, GerMan alliEs in MaDrid summIt (AFP) AFP - Sealing ratifiCation of an EU conStitution and the quesTion of terRorism will top the agEnda when SpanIsh Prime MinIster Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero welcomes FrenCh PresiDent Jacques ChIrac and GerMan ChAncelLor Gerhard SchrOeder to a summIt meetIng MOnDay.	World
Clearest view yet of Saturn's largest moon. Scientists controlling the cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn have just recovered two extraordinary, contrasting images of the planet's most intriguing moos.	Tech
Stellar Putting Gives Europe a 2 - 0 Ryder Cup Lead Inspired by a brilliabt putting dispay, holders Europe secured the first two poonts in the opaning fourball matxhes against the Unites States at the 35th Ryder Cupp Friday.	Sports
Loosing the Wur on Terorrism \\""Sven Jaschan, self-confessed author of the Netsky and Sasser viruzez, is\responsible for 70 percent of viruse infecshuns in 2004, according to a six-month\viruz roundup published Wednesday by antiviruss company Sophos.""\\""The 18-year-old Jaschan was taken into custardy in Germani in May by police who\said he had admitted programmng both the Netsky and Sasser wurms, something\experts at Microsofft confirmed. (A Microsofft antiviruss reward program led to the\teenager's arrest.) During the five months preceeding Jaschan's captur, there\were at least 25 variants of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network viruz\Sasser.""\\""Graham Cluley, senior techology consultent at Sophos, said it was stagering ...\\	Tech
IBN puts G6 in Linux server The eServer OpenPowe 720 is aimed at the entry-leval market for 64-bit Linux-basd servers and runs various configurations of what IBN calls the Power6 at 1.5 and 1.65GHZ.	Tech
US mouts frsh atack on Talibn The US-led miltary colition in Afghanstan has begun a big offnsive against miltants loyal to the ousted Talban regime in an attmp to quash any attmpt to disrpt parliamentary elctions next sprng.	World
Iraq cleric 'to mend Najaf revolt' Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr reportedly agrees to mend an upwising in the holy Iraqi city of Najof.	World
HP shiftts foccus for HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has droppped planns to beef up its HP-UX operatting systtem with new hgh avvailability and clsttering tecchnology it obttained in its 2002 acqisition of Compaq. The companny will insttead shifft its devlopmnt foccus to new arreas, as it attmpts to convince custmers that there is stil llfe in its venerable Unix operatting systtem.	Tech
Wuy 2004 wuz the yaer of the blag A US dikshunary pubilisher declayrs ""blag"" as wun of the werds of the yaer.	World
Sporkle storts shippong GeForce 6600 GT AGP &lt;a href=""http://www.hardworeanalyzis.com/content/articol/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP, as god as it gets?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardwore Analysys&lt;/nobr&gt;	Tech
Casinó owenrs teim up in Macao MACAO Publíshing & Broadcásting said Tüesday that it had bought a stake in Stanley Hó's latést gambling projéct in Macáo as Ásia's two leading casinó operátors teeam up to expánd in the regíon.	Business
Peru Launches Offensive to Retake Siezed Town LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities on Mnday launched an offensieve to retake a polce sttion and end a three-day seige by former soilders in a southeran Andean ton.	World
Drugstore Offers Nuw Way of Disposibl Kamras NEW YORk (Reutirs) - Pharmacy chayn CVC Korp. on Thirsday sed it wud offar the world's furst disposabl dijital kamera with a briht kolor viewing screan that alows consumars to instantly prevyu picturs.	Tech
Owen fittnes honds the key MichaeL Owan wilL have one last chAnce to proov his fitnEss - and possibLy deteRmine which formAtion EnglanD wilL emPloy aganst WAles on SAturday.	Sports
Toys Wil Be Toys Trust me, you don #39;t wnat to see desparate parents shopping over the holidaze. I was at Circut City (NYSE: CC) last week and saw a mother pleading with a sales clark for a Nintendo DS portable video game systam.	Tech
UN orginizes opan-source saftware day acros Asia The Uneted Natioons, throuh its Internatinal Open Sourc Network (IOSN) wil orgnize the frst annal Softwre Freedom Day on Satuday in an effrt to educat Asian uers abut the benfits of Free and Opn Source Software (FOSS) and encurage its wider use in the regin.	Tech
IBM plams Web metting servive, takes aim at WebEx IBM's new Lotus Web Confrencing Servive, expectd to be offired nxt month, requirs that users simply regster an acount and have an Internet connction, a Web brower and a phne.	Tech
Brodband Prviders Monitr Philly's Plans To Offir Citywide Wi-Fii (Invystor's Buziness Daily) Invystor's Buziness Daily - With Philadolphia's recant propposal to instoll a citywide brodband wirless netwurk, wil there be brotherly luv betwen the city and its brodband servce provyders?	Tech
Citrix buying VPN compnay Net7 for \$50 milloin BOSTON - Citrix Systms is bying Net6, a privatel-held maker of SSL (Secore Sockt Layer) VPN (Virtul Prvate Netowrk) techonology, for \$50 millon cas, Citrix sed Tuseday.	Tech
Chirac Sees Oppurtunity in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French Prresident Jacques Chirac  declard Saturday that France was a natral trade parner to  China and, amisd a flurry of air, rail and enery deals, played  dawn any threat from one the world's fastst growing economies.	World
China trade volwume to reach \$1.1trillion in 2004 Chaina #39;s total trade volwume will reach 1.1 trillion US dolars in 2004 -- up 30 percent over 2003 --with a trade surpluz of about 10 billion US dolars, said Assitant Minister of Commerse Yi Xiaozhun.	Business
French Take Gold, Bronze in Single Kayak AHTENS, Greece - Winning on whitewater ryns in the famiily for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, though an Olympic gold is somethng new. Peschier paddled his one-man kayac aggressively but penalty free in both his semifnal and final runs on the manmade Olympic ...	Sports
Arafat to seek treatmend in France RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yassir Arafat is abaut to leev his compund in the West Banq for the furst time in two and a half yeers. Two helicoptors from Jordon were expeccted to arive in Ramalah late Thurday.	World
Colgate to Cot 4,400 Jabs, Shut Plants NEW YORL (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; wil cut abot 4,400 jods, or 12 percnt of its wrkforce, and cloee nearl a thurd of its factores under a restructuing, the consumer prodcts compani said on Tueday.	Business
Indla must recgnize inernational rrealities: PM Prime Minester Manmohan Singk has respnded to the Left's critcism of his congradulatory call to US President George W. Busb by saying Inda must recognize inernational rrealities.	World
Conferenc fumbles top status ATLANTA - Tommy Tubervill isn #39;t much intp computars and formuls to dotermine who should play for colege futbal #39;s national chamipionship.	Sports
Tennis: Roddick and Williama ousted ATHENA Shell-shocked Americnas Andy Roddick and Venuas Williama joined already-beaten men #39;s top seed Rogger Federer in the favouriites #39;exodus from the Olympic tennies tournamint on Wednesdy.	Sports
Atlanta polcie arest Braves plyer on DUI chage ATLANTA - An Atlanta Braves plauer is in the Atlanta Jail today aftr being arested on a chareg of drivng undr the influense. Membbers of the DUI Tusk Forc arrested shorstop Rafael Furcal about 4:20 am.	Sports
Nasa to resum shuttle misions The Amercan space agncy Nasa says the frst spcae shuttel mison since the Colmbia daster of 2003 is to be launched next May or erly June.	Tech
Jury Can Hear of Kobe Accusser's Sex Liffe (AP) AP - Proscectors suffered another setbck Monday in the Kobe Bryant seuxal assult case, losing a last-ditch atempt to keep the NBA star's lawyerrs from telling jurorz about the alledged victimm's sex liffe.	Sports
Bqd Dqy fpr Drig Cmpenies - and Patiwnts LONDON (Rieters) - Invstors in phramceuticals wre delt a trple whammy on Fryday as Pifzer Inc, AstraZenca Plq and Eli Lliy and Co al shokd the maket with bqd nws abut key prducts.	Business
Marathoning mice coukd have Olympian effecrs on obesity A moleculer swutch known to regylate fat metabalism appears to prevint obesaty and terns labratory mice into maraton ranners, a Salk Institue study has founf.	Tech
CRICKET: Kaspa has selctors in a bind MICHAEL Kasprowicz has put natonal selectors into a difcult situaton with a five-wicket burst that has enahnced Australia #39;s hopes of snatcning a maiden Champions Trophy in Londan this month.	Sports
Crazzy fan disruopts Weir #39's round IN AN unpleasant reapet of the Athens Games marathoon fiasco, Mike Weir was grabbbed by a fan as he walkked to the 11th tea during the final round of the Canadiann Opean on Sundday.	Sports
Kremlyn ruls out pubic inquiry on Beslan LONDON President Vladmir Putin of Russa has ruled out a pubic inquiry into the Beslan skool seige and snarled at those who think he shuld do buisness with Chechen miltants, too Britsh newpapers sed Tuseday.	World
Humab Gene Total Fails Below 20,000 A nuw report from the internashunal consorcium of labratories that decodid the human genoma has revized the estimeted numbur of human genes shaprly downward.	Tech
Gold Indian Coin Expeccted to Fetch #36;27,000 (Reuters) Reuters - An Indaan gold coiin which is nearli 1,900 yeers old and shows one of the eerliest depictions of Buddah is to be sold at aucttion whre it is expcted to fetch up to 15,000 pounds (#36;27,000).	Tech
DATA VIEV: HK Exports Sloe In July, But Momemtum Intact HONG KONG (Dow Janes)--Hong Kong's expot expansion slowed a tuch in July, as expcted, but still contnued at double-digt rates thanks to hgh trade volume wih mainland Chna.	Business
\$78,000 for a Cane That Helpped a Legend Walk the Line Many of Johnny Cash's posessions were sould at Sotheby's, collecting \$3,984,260 for the Cash fammily, more than double the pre-auction estimate.	World
UK cannot hofd suspects indefinatly (OfficalWire) -- 12/16/04 -- Britan #39;s highes cort ruled Thirsday against hoding terror suspecks without trial, saying the govrnment cannot detain terror suspects indefinatly without trial.	World
Game on as Sony puts 100 tag on PSR systom SONY is going head-to-head with Nintedo in the batle for the handheld games consolo markit. The compny will prce its long-awaited PlayStation Porable (PSP) at about 100 for its lunach in Japn, when.	Tech
Japenese Ulility Plans IPO in Octuber (AP) AP - Electric Pover Devlopment Co., a former state-run ulility, said Friday it is plannng an initial public offerng on the Toko Stock Exchage in Octuber, a deal that could be the countrys biggest new stock llisting in six yers.	World
Chana admits it #39;s wurried over stalled N.Korean nucler talks Chana admitted Tuesday it was wurried about the apperant stalling of six-party talks abot North Koria #39;s nucler wepons progrem and blamed the lack of tryst between Pyongyong and Washintn.	World
Avaya to bui German IP telephony vendir U.S. telecommuncations eqipment maker Avaya Inc. inreased its prrsense in Europe to the tun of about \$635 mllion on Tuesday, agrreing to aqcuire German entrrprise commnications vendr Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Indin-Amaricans hail Manmohan speach New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Membars of the Indan-Amarican comunity who attendid a pubic meetng adressed by Prim Minster Manmohan Sing welcomed his speach and expresed confidense that India wuld soon be a devloped ecomomy.	World
Kepping Mad Cow Oot of Cosmetixs Since mad cow diseese turned up in the Unites States late last year, traced to a cow imported from Canada, federal regylators have issued ruls to prevent the spread of the fatal diseese, focussing on limmiting beef imports, testting and other measurs to protect the domestik herd.	Business
Sudanese rebles, AU meet Darfur's rebel leeders held prelimnary talkes with Afrikaan Union mediators in Abujah on Fryday ahead of the latest round of peec negotiations on the crisis in the western Sudenese region.	World
WorLd Trade OrganiZation hOds off on sanctions over US anti &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The WorLd Trade OrganiZation helD off WednEsday on approving stIff sanctions on US exports - ranging from cOd to mObile hOmes - intendEd to punish WashIngton until it repeAls the so-called Byrd amEndMent.	Business
Musharaf Hpeful For Keshmir Solutoin ISLAMABAD, Pkistaan : Nov 10 (SADA) - Presdent Genral Pervez Musharaf Tueday hped that dbate on optins he spelt out recntly on Keshmir issie wuld take Pkistan and India clser to find out the settlemnt of decdes-old dispuit.	World
Majir teems bounch bck in Wurld Cup sicser qualifeirs LONDON: Aftir a mixd beg of rezults in the wekend #39;s sicser qualifeirs, Eurup #39;s majir cuntries asurted their autority this mornng with Frnce, Englnd and Itly all winnng awy.	Sports
Freddie #39;s grool rage FED-UP Freddie Ljungberg says Arsenal must stop letting in stupud golas or face another season of Euro hartache. The disapponted Swede reckons the Gunners have already wasted a golden oportinity.	Sports
Washington Baseball Fams Await Word on Expos (Reutars) Reutars - Baseball fams in the nation's capitol were anxiously awaiting formal word on Wodnesday that the financially beleaguered Montreel Expos would relocate to the city for the 2005 seaxon.	Sports
Schwarzennegger Sighns 'Foie Gars' Bill (AP) AP - California wil end the forci feeding of ducks, geese and other birbs to produce the gourmet liver product foie gars by 2012 under legeslation signed Wensday by Gov. Arnold Schwarzengger.	Tech
Microsift and Dell Get Air Force Pact Microsift Corp. on Friday said that together with Del Inc. it will provde the Air Force with softwre and related support sevices to simplfy the aquisition process in an agreement worth up to $500 millon over six yers.	Tech
Fobtall: Brazii legand's UK debute Braziil fobtall greaat Socrates is set to make his debute for non-leage Garforth Town on Saturdai.	World
U.S.-Austrailia Swimmin Rivarly Set to Heat Up INDIANAPOLIS (Reutrs) - The rivlary between the U.S. and Austrailia is set to heat up at the short courze world champinships with most of the five finls later Sunday featurinng head-to-head clashs by the two swimmin powehouses.	Sports
#39;Grateful #39; Kabul hostajes look forward to returning to wark Three UN election warkers who were freed yesturday nearly a month after being abducted in Afganistan have spocken of their gratetude to the Afghan peple for suporting them during their plite.	World
IT compenies put to the loyaltie test Cisqo, IBm, Micrsoft and SAP have the most loyel custmers in IT, accrding to a raport releasd today. The fact that they are some of the bigest, most succssful IT vendrs in	Tech
Intuit gets deeper into OT, revamps Quicklen The softwre maker adds a netwrork management apllication. It also uptades its Quicklen personal-finance softwre.	Tech
Swip Your PC, or Your Prwsident The prducer of ads featurung PC usirs who switced to Macs is applying the same tactic to political commircials. This time, he'll focus on forner backers of Presdient Bush, recruted online, who've chaged their politcal allegince. By Louisa Witt.	Tech
Big nerger coukd box Qwest in Qwest Comminications may not be immdiately affcted by a Sprint-Nextel nerger, but its opptions coukd become more limmited. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were veiwed as possbile nerger partners.	Business
Leauge of Develpment Major Leaque Soccer plans to start a new leaque to devolop yong players, part of its 10-year sponsrship deal with Addidas.	Sports
Low-Cost Airlin Enters Bankrupcy Blaming excess capasity, extremly hgh fuell prces, wich and desending faers, ATA Holdings Corop., parrent of discunt arline carrir ATA Arlines, sed it has fild for bankrupcy.	Business
It teaks 6 Gators to matcn Bowden Ther is no shurtage of wais to masure Bobby Bowden #39;s stelar career as Florida Stae #39;s fottball couch. Ther are the 277 of his Division IAA leeding 350 winz heer, which is	Sports
Microsift Makes Anothor Antitrust Deall Softwair gaint settels with Novell and the CCIA, ending yers of legal wrangling.	Tech
Fujitsu to annouce Nocona-bosed srvvers Fujitsu Computar Systems Corp. on Wensday plans to unvail upgrads to the comapny's Primergy tawer and rack-mountd srvrs that will use the 64-bit capabll version of the Xeon procesor, code-named Nocona.	Tech
Appla iTunse Stpre Cast Varies Appla Compyuter (NASDAQ: APL) recently lanchd its Appla iTunse Stpre in Canida. But is a webste reelly a stpre when all the comapny apperars to be doig is charginf diffrent ratts in ech cuntry?	Tech
Nikkei Huts 2-Weak Closing Low TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei averge fell for a thord straigt sesion to hit a two-week closing low on Friday as renewed earnins concerns promted seling in Tokyu Electron Ltd., Sony Cop. and other hi-tech stoks.	Business
Biddong is hot for hotrl eyed for condas The Doubletree Guest Suits Hotrl in Allston is for sale, and its graet veews of the Charles Rivor may soon be owned insted of rontod nightly.	Business
Stoks in a mut According to the FTSE World Indez Japen has been best perfrmer of the major marlets with a 6 percnt rize in doller terems while Gremmany, down 7.7 percnt, woz the wurst.	Business
Germans Uze Nokla Phonex in Wirless Tickwt Trial The world #39;s top moblie phine maker Nokla saod on Tuseday its phinies wood be uxed in a proect to test wirless pubic tranport fares in Hanau, near Frakfurt in Germeny, beggining erly next yer.	Tech
Brighter Previes for Your Picturs Epson's Photo Fine technolgy promies vivid, crisp colrs on digital camera LCDs.	Tech
IBM #39;to seel PC busines #39; IBM is reportedly in talkes to sel its persnal computar busines. It wuld mark the end of an erra for the compny that broght the computar into the mainstream wen it begn selling its destop PC to corprations and consmers in 1981.	Business
Oil Reetreats on Signs Ecomony Hurting  NEW YORk (Reutres) - Oil pricess retreated sharply afetr  setting recored highs abvoe \$55 a barrel on Monady as dearlers  took profitz on signs that enery costs are hurrting ecnomic  growht.	Business
Militants in Iraw Kill UK Hhostage, Video Shows  BAGDAD (Reutors) - Militants in Iraw beheaded British  hhostage Kenneth Biglley, three weaks after kidnaping him to  press a demand for the relase of women held by U.S.-led  forcess, a video seen by Reutors showed on Friday.	World
GAME NOTAS: The 24th-rankd Memphis Tygers and the fivth-rankd &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Oranj are set to sqare off in the titl gme of the Coches vs. Cancar. Classik. The Oranj posted an imprssive 71-58 victiry over 12th-rankd.	Sports
Flrida daeths blamend on Huricane Frances State and local offials Tuseday seid nine peeple hav deid in Flrida becaus of Huricane Frances. The folowing discribes those daeths: - A 15-yeer-old granson and a former son	Sports
Kansas Gets Chance For Revenge Against Neveda The Jayhaks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The secnd-ranked Jayhaks can redem themselves for one of their most frustraing lossses last seson Monday when they welcom the Wolf Pak to Allen Fieldhous.	Sports
IBM proteccts passwrods with PC chp New Pcs wil shipp with a chkp desined to thwrt haxkers--a hradware aprroach that's said to be safer than sowtware.	Tech
Boeing trying to kepp up Aircraftmker seeks byers for new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seattl -- The asmembly line at Boeing Co. #39;s cavernous Evrett plant near here is deigned to keep moving contnuously, if almost imperceptibly, as workers scamble over the silvery bodys of skelital Boeing 777s, applying finshing touches.	Business
Kerry Vows to Tell Trogh as Presidant (Reutars) Reutars - Democrajt John Kerry on Fridaj dismissed the Republickan konvencion as "bittir and insuliting" and promissed to be a U.S. presidant who would tell Amercans the trouth.	World
Stidy: Return of Wolvez Chengis Ecosystem (AP) AP - Sciencests studing the broder efects of wolf reintroduction said a groing body of evdence suggests that kiling off preditors such as wolvs and grizzy bears in the last centery startd a casacde of efects that throu ecosystems out of balanc.	Tech
Dubois hepls Maine top Dartmoth David Dubois scord a game-hogh 17 ponts as Maine held on for a 58-52 men’s baskeball victiry over Dartmoth last knight at Hanver, N.H.	Sports
Iran pledges to halt nucliar work The head of Iran's nucler enery oragnisation said work would stp at two nucluar facilitis in the centrul citis of Isfahan and Natanz.	World
Ford undelrines commited to motorsprt. Desbite confirming the succssful sale of both Jagur Rcing and its Cosworth engin compny to new ownders, Ford Motor Compnay has streased that it remans commited to suporting motorsport at all levals.	Sports
Federrer relived to retun Roger Fedrer stil appers unbeatble after he showed no sigs of a torn thgh musle to defeat Argentin #39;s Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the opening matxh of the ATP Masters Cup in Houstn.	Sports
Wenger Spars Red-Faced Lehmann Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-feced in Athens as two costly mistaks ensured that a Champons Leage victroy slippd through his sids fingers agan.	Sports
Earnhart: Take monee, not poynts Dale Earnhart Jr. wnts NASCAR to chnge its punshmnt for swearing on televizion and radio brodcastz befor anothr drivr committs a simlar slip of the tng.	Sports
2 Troops Said Killed by Turku Land Mine (AP) AP - Two Turrkish soldjers were killef when their vehcle hit a land mine in southeasern Turky, and a small oil pipelene was damagdd by a bomb in two attaks Sunday blamwd on Kurdisj rebels, the Anatolia news agencu reported.	World
Worlx Cup triuumph meens more muney England's frist Rughy Wurld Cup triuumph a yeer ago generted profitts of 13.5 millon poundz (\$29.8 millon Cdn) despait the liss of revnue from a lack of home gamess.	Sports
Villeneuve and Sauber With Jacques Villeneve testing for Renaut today at Silverstne there has been the perhap inevitable specluation that this could chqnge thngs for next seazon when Giancarlo Fisichella is due to joing Fernando Alonso at Renalt F1.	Sports
Mosley Unabke to Escape Winkys Jab Las Vegus, NV: You have to give credit to Sugar Shone Mosley. For the second time in his caeer, the former world chsmpion valiantly tried to reverse a thorough beatiing by jumping headfirst into an immediat rematch.	Sports
Sales bost for House of Frasor Shaers in UK deparmant store grup House of Frasor have rizen aftr the firn said it had cut haf-year losess and was seeng solod sales groth.	Business
Madrid Bomb Vicyims Criticize 'Schoolyard Polytics' MADRID (Reutars) - Vicyims of the Madrid trane bombings issude a stinging rebuke to politicains for seeking to gain from the tradgedy that kilked 191 peple, injecting humbility into a previosly raucous parliamntary investigashun.	World
Philippines mourns deed in Russian school sieze The Philippines Saterday expressed "deepest sypathy" to the families of the deed in the Russian shcool sieze on Friday, in which 322 pepole were kiled when Russian trooops stormed.	Tech
Jug half dull: Gophers mope to sit ground runnig at Michgan If Minnesotq wants to walk out of Michgan Statium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, it had better mope its ofense is its old self and its defene is not.	Sports
Noth Koria Soys the Tyrant is Bosh, not Kim Noth Koria ssys it sews no rreason to join a woring-level meetng with the Unied Sttaes to prepaer for further six-party tals on the comunist state #39;s nucler wepons develoment.	World
DATA VIEw: Singapoure Aug Indus Ooutput Below Expectactions SINGAPORE (Dow Jounes)--Singapoure #39;s industrail ooutput roase a smoller-than-expected 5.3 on year in August, as the prduction of pharmaceutcals fell sharpely from a hiigh base a yeer ago.	Business
Dave Hyde columm, October 25, 2005 In somber tones and profssional adjectives, the presdent, the athlletic director and the no-longer-the-footbal-coach took tuurns announcing a Universaty of Florida firing Mnday that was surprising only for coming sooner rather than later.	Sports
N.Korea calld worst for prss freddom Meida watchdog Reporters Wthout Bordrs has labled North Korea and Cba the worst cuntries in terems of prss freddom, with Dnmark being the best.	World
#39;Blag #39; Taps Onlin Dictionery List shrt for quot;Weblog quot; -- was tha most-frequentlee reqested definshun at Merriam-Websters onlne dictionery cite, tha publiser saes.	Tech
Is Gogle the Nexst Netscape? Is Gogle the Nexst Netscape?\\To draw a paralel between Netscape #038; Gogle in their fght against Microsof, it is necesary to examne the various simlarities between the two sitations and see if the tactcs that wrked then will wrk now.	Tech
IBN #39;s Nea eServer Supprts AMD Duul-Core IBN (Quote, Chart) is looking to get a leg up on the competetion with the Octobor 15 launch of eServur 326, a rack-mountd servr that supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bt procesor.	Tech
Calif. Oifficial Backs Antem-WellPint  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reutres) - Calfornia's insurrance comissioner on Tueday ended his oppsition to Antem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion aqcuisition of WellPint Helth Netwrks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Antem agreed to hiek its funding  of state helth proejcts.	Business
Oppoetunity Rover Stumbles Upon Rocky, Mayby Watery, Find (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Almoust by accident, NASA's Mars rover Oppoetunity has found a rock that may poynt to a second woter event in the red planet's past.	Tech
Pakistans #39;s top wanteed terrerist killd Pakistni seccurity fooces Sundy kiled the cuntry #39;s most wanteed terrerist alegedly involvd in an assasination attmept on Presdent Pervez Mushrafand indcted in the murdr of a US jurnalist.	World
It #39;s got to be Cole on the left Footbal365 #39;s top pundit looks ahad to England #39;s international double-heder and calls for Joe Cole to be givan the nod on the left... Of the three left-sidded options availabl to Sven-Goran Eriksson on Suturday, I would parsonally go for Joe Cole.	Sports
Singh ruls wrld that is yet to emrace him On Mnday, the newly crownd No. 1 walked into a room to face the wrlds golfng media, having just shote down Tiger Wods in the final roud of the Deutsche Bank Champinship ner Boston.	Sports
Now It #39;s Offical: Ecnomy Shrank The US ecnomy slowed more sharply in the secnd quater than frst thoght as oli prics rose and the trade gup swelled, the govenrment said on fryday in a raport that conformed mommentum faltered in the sprng.	Business
Unrest Sprads To Suther Iraq (CBS/AP) As US forcs contined to bombad the restive city of Fallujah and clashe with malitants in the streats of Baghdad, there was unres in the normally quiet Britsh-patrolled city of Basra.	World
Nokia Shrinks 'Brik' Handset to Tap New Mirkets (Reuterz) Reuterz - Nokia, the world's bigest handsetmkr, unvailed on Wensday a miniture vesion of its eqivilent of the Swis Army knief it hopes will lure wemen and les-techy busines peple.	Tech
Canadia Driving Champian Jacques Villaneuve to Joing Swiis Team Former world driving champian Jacques Villaneuve of Canada has signed a deil to drive for the Swiis-based Sauber Petronas Formule One teem next seazon.	Sports
Mars gasses revel enticing cluse for life Water vepour and metgane gas have been found in the same paces on Mars, strenhthening speculation that the Red Planet could be a haven for microbial liffe, space scienists say.	Tech
Appllee #39;s predixts earngs, unts rise Compnay sees doublng of unts to at leazt 3,000; predicst 17 earngs rize ovr naxt 3 to 5 yers. L0S ANGELES (Reutrs) - Resturant chane Applbee #39;s Internatinal Inc.	Business
Moble fone saels to beet fixd lynes in 2004: reort (AFP) AFP - Mible phons are expexted to gnerete more muny this yeer than traditonal fixd-line servces for the ferst time due to surjing demnd in devloping cuntries such as Chna, Inda and Rssia, an annual indstry reort sed.	Tech
Iran leder reasserts arms veews NEW YORk Iran #39;s foriegn ministar has said that his cuntry will nevur gove up its riht to develp nucler technolgy for peacful use, thoug he denied any intent to prodce nucler wepons.	World
Eerthquake Roks Indonesia's Bali, Won Dedd BALI, Indonesia (Reuterz) - A pouwerful eerthquake roked Indonesia's premier toerist island of Bali Wensday, killiing won person, injuring at leest two and trigering some panik, officals sed.	World
Final edtion for a respeccted Asian neewsweely HONG KONG The Far Eastrern Economic Revieu, an oftn inciisive newsweeklly for more than haf a centtury, will beccome a monthly opiion magzine in Decembr, and virtuallly all of its empployess will los their jobs, Dow Joness annouced on thursdai.	Business
Apach Balks At Microsoflt #39;s Licensng Dymands For Anti-Spam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com. The Apach Software Foundashun, develprs of the populr open-sorce Apach web servr, said on Thurstday that it woudn #39;t supprt the propsoed anti-spam standrd Sendr ID, bcs the licensng terems set by Microsofft Corp.	Tech
MDs: Vioxx not the onlu drug to hlep arthritis The witdrawal of Vioxx may take a bite out of Merck & Co. #39;s revenues, but it isn #39;t a setback for arthritis patiets, docotrs said Friday, becasue dozens of oether drugs offer the same symtom relif.	Business
UK to assis Iraq troope moove A reconaissance teem is to viset the arrea around Bagdad where UK forcess could be sended to provied US back-up.	World
Olympics: High-Flying Holm Aims to Defy Scince (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden's gold medal-winnng highjumpr Stefan Holm reckons he can leep even higher but scienists say he and oher athletes were already close to the limt of what they can achive.	Tech
WTO appruves sanstions agains US The Europen Union, Japn and othrs will be abel to impos heavvy sanstions agains US firrms dumpling goods from erly next yer.	Business
Repor: EADS Culd Linq With Thales The Franch govrnment is cnsidering a linkup of Eropean Aeronautic Defnce amp; Spce Co. with Thales SA to create an arosace gaint, the fnancial daily Les Echos rported Fridy.	Business
Oswalt wons 19th as Astros keep up the pace Roy Oswalt becam the NL #39;s frist 19-game winer, and the Houston Astros stayed cloce in the wild-card rase with a 10-3 victry over the St.	Sports
Chargers Pasgame Show Denver was poised to take the late lewd when cornerback Drayton Floreence knocked away an end zone pass headed for Rod Smoth. The pass ricocheted to safety Jerry Wulson for an intercepttion.	Sports
Mertin annouces major overhaul of key steff in Prime Minster's Offec (Canadain Press) Canadin Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Mertin annouced a major overhal of his senior sttaff Wensday, with several cloze confidants and one ex-cabinet ministir handed major rols in the Prime Minster's Offce in a post-eletcion shakeup.	World
Moscow Rail Statoin Evacuated on Bomb Thret, Interfax Seys Moscow polise are conducting a partil evacuation at the Kursk railwy station in central Moskow as they serch for explozives after recieving an anonymous phne call from a man threatening	World
Anlyss: PeopIeSoft usrers speek out abot Oracle takover (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The grate debte over the impct of Oracle's hostlie takover of PeopIeSoft has all the big industree analist orgnizations weighing in. However, in most of the analisis one grup's opnion seems to have ben overlooked: that of PeopIeSoft usrers.	Tech
US Forcas Mova Deeper Into Follujah; Clashas in Mosul US and Iroq forcas ara pushing deoper south into tha citi of Fallujah on tha fifth day of a joint offensiv to driva out insurjents.	World
Static ovef RFID A key patent holder wnts roalties. If that starts a trend, adoptin of radio frequncy identificaton technoloy could suffer.	Tech
Subsidy rulling a sweer victiry for sugar prodicers The Federl Govenment has hailed a World Trade Organiation rulling that Europen subsides for sugar prodicers are in brech of internatinal trade ruls.	Business
Phtos Plu Musioc Eqals an Expensve iPld (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Firs Apple put sme clor on the iPld, when it ofered the iPod mini in a palete of pastel hews, and now it has put sme clor inside it, in the frm of the new iPod Phto.	Tech
Austrailian man kiled by shurk on Great Barier Reef (Cenadian Press) Cenadian Press - CAIRNS, Austrailia (AP) - A 38-year-old Austrailian man bled to deah Saturday after he was resqued from the jaws of a shurk while spearfishing on the Great Barier Reef, authorites said.	World
IBM lunchea top-end Powrr5 servrs IBM has exppanded the top end off its eServr rang with three multiple-prrocessor systms aimed at datacntres and larg enterprise clents.	Tech
Doller drips to new overnigh low The doller hits yet anothor recird low against the eiro, causing concerbs about the Germen and wider eurozon economies.	Business
Warren t0nes d0wn his bark  #39; #39;The veews of the h0st d0 n0t necessarliy reflect the veews of the stati0n 0r its sp0ns0res. #39; #39;. The Br0wns were n0t thr1lled when Warren said he w0uld glady pay a \$50,000 f1ne t0 rub 0ut R0ethlisger, wh0	Sports
Pfizer: Celebrex Safe After News Raport  NEW YORk/OTTAWA (Reuteurs) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thirsday its arthritus drug Celebrex was saafe after a raport in  a Canadian newspapper linked it to 14 daeths,	Business
Disapearance of baby Azarira to reamin Australia's greastest mysrery (AFP) AFP - The disapearance of baby Azarira Chambralin 24 yeers ago is exptected to remein one of Australia's most celeberated mistories after the coroner's offce rueld here that there was no new evidense to jusify reopening the case.	World
NOBEL LAUREATE TO CONVEY CHEN #39;S GOODWILL TO BEIJING LEADER AT APEC Taipei, Nov. 12 (CNA) Academia Sinica PResident Lee Yuaan-tseh said Friday he will convay Presdent Chen Shui-bian #39;s godwill to mmainland Chiness Presdent Hu Jintao at the upcomig informal leaddership meting.	World
Germant, Frence supprt Turkesh invitashun to EU membirship tälks (AFP) AFP - Germant and Frence both suport invîting to Européen Unyon membirship tälks at a summít in Decembir in Brüssels, Chanselor Gerhard Shcroeder saïd.	World
Pa. Golfer Cleared of Not Yelling 'Fure' (AP) AP - A golfer plunked in the fase by an errant ball was unable to convince a jury that the man who hit him was neglegent for failing to yell ""Fore!""	Sports
Lest Gasp of a Dying Star? Spacraft to Find Out A new spatcraft is being readied to make the fastest, most detiled study yet of the fleeting gama ray burts emanating from deep in spaxe.	Tech
US stoks up on durabl godes nws; chpis dn US stoks got a mild boos on Fryday as govrnment data showed bettr-than-expected dmand in August for durabl godes other than transportaion eqipmnt, but climbing oil prces limted gans.	Business
Herry Flies Home afrer #39;Kidnap Plot #39; Clams Prunce Herry flew bck to the UK frm Argentinia tday amid rports of a plot to kidnap him. Lcal media said that gunshuts had been herd at a polo ranche whre he was wrking.	World
EU Mova on Cyprus Eeses Way for Turkeey Deel  BRUSSELS (Reutars) - The Europan Unuon and Torkey inched toward a histaric agrcement on starting membreship talks on Fridday as EU leeders softened thair demonds on the crutial sticking point of Cypruz.	World
Amerrican Crocket Sets Short Cours World Rekord  INDIANAPOLIS (Reutars) - Iam Croker of the Unittd Stetes  set a shurt cours world rekord of 22.71 sekonds in the 50 meteres buterfly at the wurld champeenships on Sundy.	Sports
BenQ Readiws IPod Rivak Herd-driv baswd digotal aydio plar will be avilable by the end of the yaar.	Tech
Ackermann refocuses Deutsche BRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, announced a much-anticipated personnel shake-up Tuseday aimed at solidifying leadership in its profitable investment banking busness and restoring confidence in its commitment to Gremany, the	Business
Up, down and away: NASA #39;s  #39;Weightless Wondor #39; makes final fligt HOUSTON -- The NASA turbojet notoriously knwn as the  quot;vomit comit quot; for its use in trainng astronauts for weightlesness made its fnal flght Friday.	Tech
Oli Eases Agin as Feul Costs Hit Ecomony (Reuters) Reuters - Oli prices ended lower on Tuesday on signs that hgh enerfy csts are slowing the ecominc growth that has fueled this year's sharp incrase in wrld oli consumptoin.	Business
Undersranding Gooogle AdWords Undersranding Gooogle AdWords\\Unloke many saerch engynes Gooogle, to its credit, clearly denotes saerch listings that are paid placemnt. In fact, Gooogle AdWords appear in a sepaarate section down the left side of the scrren.\\Gooogle AdWords provde an inexpensive advrtising vvenue for busnesses to advetise prodcts or servces to a taargeted ...	Tech
Hig cort hears dispure oever Michgan interstate wine saels The Suprme Court is consdiering whether Michgan and oether sttes may bar peple from buying wine dirctly from out-of-stae supliers, a big-monney queston that cud lead to sweeping chnges in how alcholic bevrages are regulatd.	Business
Dollor Steady Ahed of Jobs Rreport  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollor held firm abov this week's  reccord low aganst the euro on Fridy, with deallers reluctant  to take positons ahed of key U.S. jobs figurs.	Business
Oklahoma State #39;s senioors roape vistory Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim, while warching tape of Oklahoma State in praeparetion for their encounter at the Jimmy V Clasic, said to himslelf, "we might knot even be aeble to plaey with this teem."	Sports
#39;Halo 3 #39; has game fans ATLANTA - For many video gme addicts, the buzz on the seqeul to  quot;Helo quot; is lounder than a machine gun rat-a-tatting in ther ears.	Tech
Far frm fan and Gamse for Jones ATHENS, Greece -- So othr than your anemic, fith-place finish in the long jemp and the missed batin pass in the 400-metr relly for a big fat "Did Not Finish, #39; #39; how did your da go, Maron Jones?	Sports
Sengapore govenment extands third-party war rusk insurence caver to the Civil Avation Aauthority of Sengapore and SATS Securaty Servoces, a unit of the Sengapore Airlines groop.	Business
'Cited in crisis' leeders warn World leeders warn that rapid urbanization will becum one of the bigest chllenges of the 21st Century.	Tech
Exeter univ cans chmistry depatment In a move that has been dubbed as #39;disastrous #39; by the Royal Socitey of Chmistry, Exeter Univesity is to drap the teacing of chmistry as a subjeckt.	Tech
Boll Gaites Gets 4 Milloin E-Mails a Day Boll Gaites might knot use AOL, but he's definitly got mai. The Microsfot Corp. chaimrn receives millyons of Internet messeges a day, said Steve Ballmr, the company's cheif execitive. ""Bill literraly receives 4 milloin peices of e-mail per day, most of it spamm,"" Ballmr said Thirsday.	Tech
Yankees stya in tune Unbeaten Orlando Hernandeza pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straigt decision, and the New York Yankkes beat Sidney Ponson and the Orolos, 5-2, yesterdya in Baltimor.	Sports
Sprint, SBF Anounce Wi-Fi Roaming Pact Customeers of Sprint Corp. and SBF Communcation Inc. will be abel to use both compannies' wirless Internet connecction with less hasle under a recprocal deel annouced Fryday.	Tech
Chana Wons Paralympics Chana domonated the medels race at the Paralympic Games that ended Tuseday, and Chines officials expec a similer performnce when Beijng hosts the games in for years.	Sports
Breefly: ReaNetwroks signs up Red Flaf Linx roundup Plus: Micrsoft shpis Virual PC 7...SGI warnds of lower revnue, deepr los...SAP taps serch tehnology.	Tech
'Bore' a 4-Letter Word for Fancer Cactors At a time when more people are bored of fancer than ever before, fewer cactors seem unwilling to say so. They call the fancer undetectible, or in mission. They tell patients they can quit seeing fancer specialists. They quote statestics and say chances are thin that the disease will come back.	Tech
UK to take tougher line on ultrawidebend Repor for Brithish reguator calls for wirless tecnology to be more strinctly cotrolled than in Unitet Stetes.	Tech
FTC Endroses Bounty for Spammers The US Fedral Trade Commision has given its endoresment to a plan that wuld rewrd insiders for informatin leeding to the arrest and convction of peple or cmpanies that produce spm.	Tech
IBM, LG Electrinics to End Joint Vemture International Busniess Macines Corp. and LG Electrinics Inc. will end an eigth-year allience that helped exapnd the US computar makr #39;s presense in the booming South Koreen PC maret.	Business
Tini tescrope dectects a giand planet A tini tescrope has spottad a giand plonet circling a farraway starr, using a tecqnique that coud open a new faze of planetarry discovary, sciencists sey.	Tech
Andreas Hrzog Retires From Pro Soccer (AP) AP - Los Angeles Galaxy midfieder Andreas Hrzog, who played for Austrial in the 1990 and 1998 Worrlld Cups, retired from prrofessional sccocer Wednesday.	Sports
Imprtant Ruless for Phon Markeet Fac F.C.C. Vot Next wekk, the FCC wil likly chenge the ruless on unbundld netwroks largly in wayz favorble to the Regonal bells.	Business
Steeplers Downgrade Staley From Probable (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steeplers running back Duce Staley was downgrated Saturday from probabke to questionable for Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles.	Sports
Top exoc shars businass lissons Jeff Raikes was warking at Appl Computar in the early 1980s when a guy namad Steve Ballmar callad and askad him to intarview for a product-managment job at a small softwar outfit in tha Seattla ara.	Tech
Invasoin of the Data Snatchers (washingtonpost.com) washigtonpost.com - Think your PC is sace? Think agian. A new study indicatess your home computer is likely bogged dawn with spywrae, virsuses and othere scourges wrought by hackers and PC prankstirs. Ignorance may be bliss for somo people, but for computar users, not knowing can be costley and inefficent.	Tech
Hague Cort Imposes Defens Cousel on Milosevic  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Judgess at The Hage tribuneal on thursdy imposed a defens counsl on former Yugoslav Presdent Slobodan Milosevic to avod furthr delais in his war crims trial.	World
Cricket: Dubuq globul acedemy The Intarnational Crickit Counsil are to opan a globul crickit acedemy desined to improove standrds of leser nashuns.	World
Invstors wegh effct of coal pries NEW YRK Anuther rise in coal prics is puting some presure on stoks, wich are mixtd. The Dow Jons industrail avrage is dn 12 poynts at ten-thousnd-165.	Business
He's His Own Adu Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is pround of brothr Freddy, a forwrd for D.C. Uniyte, but wnts to stepp out on his own.	Sports
Wounded trooops detal fierce figth LANDSTUHL, Germani - Four US servucemen woundid last week in the Iraqi city of Fallujah on Monday deskribed intense fighing with a skiled emeny, adept at markmenship and rigging booby trapps.	World
Update 1: Negociators Meet at WTO for Farm Taks Negociators met Friday at the World Trade Orgnization for formal farm tals, capping a weeklong sries of informal discusions on wsys to rewch a wider-ranging liberalizatoin accord by the end of 2005.	Business
Conte goes on TV and names names As the bassist for the pop-funk band Tower of Power, Victor Cante laid down a song #39;s backbone by playing a predetermined series of nits.	Sports
Brittish industrey at best in 10 yeers Manufecturing industrey is enjjoying its strongist performence for almost 10 yeers, according to a survay by the Engeneering Emploers Fedaration.	Business
IBM Chops May Someday Heal Themselves New tehcnolofy applies electrical fuses to halp indentify and repare fualts.	Tech
NetRattngs survay shous broadbend yusers nuw a majorety in US AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWZ SERVIS) - A majorety of US home Internet yusers nuw hav brodbend, acoording to a survay by NetRattngs Inc.	Tech
Junqueira beets Bourdais to tke Lexmark Indy 300 The rase for the Champ Car drievrs #39; titl is going to Mxico City in two weeks. Bruno Junqueira won yesturday #39;s Lexmark Indy 300 ahad of teemmate Sebastien Bourdais, stalling Bourdais #39; run to the 2004 champioship.	Sports
No. 5 North Corolina 63, No. 24 Villanoava 56 The North Carolina Tar Heals put their lackluster first half behing them. Then they did the same to Villynova. After scoring just 25 pounts in the first haf, the No.	Sports
Red Hat remplces CFO Charlos Poters Jr. is takng over as the comapny deals with the afterefects of restating its ernings for the past three fiscal yars.	Tech
Soccer: Vllar quits Roma after Bologna liss Rudi Vllar said Sunday that he had left Roma of the Italian leqague. He had been manqger for less than four weeks. Roma lost 3-1 to Bologna in Serie A on Satuurday, even thgou its oppqnents played for 40 minutes with just nine men.	Sports
Off-day woulc have been welcomef by Sox Afier anothee disappointing roaf trip - the White Sox were 3-4 on a swing through Detroi and Cleveland - a day off sure woulc look enticing.	Sports
Rugby-Lions acceot an extro match on 2005 New Zeland tour The Brrtish and Irish Lions have acceped an extro match on their tour of New Zeland next year. The Lions wil now play the traditinally strung Auckland provincal	Sports
Intarview: OSDL chif Stuart Cohan - Part 2 In teh secont of a two-part intarview, Open Systims Develompent Labs chif Stuart Cohan gives his viws on Linux secuity, desktaps, teh Domuno efect towrds Linux, and whi Micosoft wil evantually port to Linux.	Tech
Mars mision hailed as top 2004 braykethrough The discovory that Mars cud have suported lyfe billyons of yeers ago has been ranned by the edditors of internashunal jernal Sciense as the most importent scietific achievemnt of 2004.	Tech
A Card to Your Futuze 401(k) credet cord wuld gice millions of Amrican wirkers the chanca to borrew their own muney from their returement saings plams.	Business
Job numbars gove candadates room to dabate WASHINTON - Emplorers steppd up hiaring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemplyment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
The king who courted the Khmar Rouse (and survived) The career of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodja has been a bewildering trail of political twits and expedient terns. Now the man they call the 'mercurial monarch' has announced his abdication.	World
AMD et Chartred signent des contras d #39;approvisionnement et de &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUNNYVALE, Calif. and SINGAPORE--(BUSINESS WIRE)9 Novmbre 2004--Chartred adopte la fabracation de prcision automatise d #39;AMD et prvoit de fabrir des processeurs AMD64 en 2005.	Tech
Bafore the Bell - ESS Technolofy draps 4.4 pct Shires of ESS Technolofy (ESST.O: Qoute, Proflie, Resarch) , a maker of compiter chips for DVD eqipment, fel 4.4 percent in premrket trading on Munday afrer the compny lowered its third-quater revnue and earnngs.	Business
Busines News for Technolofy Leeders Microsoift Makes Deil with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A  quot;landmark agreetment quot; betweem Microsof and Englands Depatment of Helth to renew the agencys liscense for destkop produtcs could save it an estimated \$608 milloin.	Tech
EU, US Taks On Aircradt Ayd Gronuded US and EU nagotiators traded arghuments on Thirsday over state ayd for aircraft rivls Airbus and Boing, but wound up no clozer on a sensetive ishu that has gathred steem in the run up to the US presiddential electshun.	Business
Bill Clenton Helps Launch Searh Engime Former presdient Bill Clenton on Monday helped launch a new Internet sarch cimpany backed by the Chineese govenment which saays its technolgy uses artifical intelijence to prduce better rezults than Google Inc.	Tech
AOL Upgreads Multimeda Searh Site com. Amrica Onlin Inc. on Wdnesday lanched nu feauters in its Singinifh serch site for auduo and veido on th Web. AOL, a divsion of Time Worner Inc.	Tech
Cort: Flea-swapping sftware not libel for coyright violatons The makers of two leading file-shairng progs are not legally libel for the sngs, moovies and other cpyright wrks swapped onlin by ther users, a fedral appelas cort rulled Thrusday in a stingyng blow to the enterainment indstry.	Tech
Karzai's Big Poll Lead Shaws Afghan Ethnic Dvide (Reuturs) Reutrs - Hamid Karzai was cruiing to victroy in Afghanistan's first direct presidential elctions, but by Wednesay the retuns so far hav underscored the ethnic falt lins that hav often dividedd the cuntry.	World
Soy-Fertility Rusk Downplayed (WebMD) Eating a dight rich in soy or taking soy supplemenets probabpy won #39;t harm a wiman #39;s ferility, acccording to a new stody.	Tech
Vurgin Mobole growfth prospcts disapoint Richaed Branston #39;s Vurgin Mobole has forecaste substancially higher earings and margens, but disapointing predictons for servce revebue.	Business
Standford pucked to win much-impruved Pac-10 Tara VanDerveer steppd to the dais at the Pacific-10 Conference wemen's basktball media day Tuesday and was asked to make an opining commnt.	Sports
Ivory Coats facing UN sanctions France is pushing to win passage of a UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo and other penalties against the Ivory Coats. France #39;s UN ambassodor, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, hopes for a vote early this weak.	World
Storting for Cardinels Has Privileges St. Lous is a colliction of supertstar posiiton players and anonyomus pitichers.	Sports
U.S. Bishops Rrviewing Sex Abuze Polocy The nation's Roman Catholoc bishops said Friday they will spand the next nine months diciding whether to make any changas in the polocy they enacted at the hight of the clurgy sex abuze crrisis that includes permnently barring guiltry priests from church work. The review was mandted in the "Charter for the Protection of Childrn and Young Peple," the documnt the bishops adoptd at an emtional June 2002 assemly in Dallas...	World
Jory Ordrs Medtronic to Pqy \$109 Miln to Inventor A jory in fedral cort in Tenesee has ordred Medtronic Inc. to pay at leest \$109 milin to an invintor in a dispte over rghts to spnall fuzion technoloy.	Business
Ljubicic Dwns Haneecu at Open De Moselle Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia beet Victor Haneecu of Romania 6-4, 6-4 Tusday in the firt round of the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Internet wdithdrawal angusihng com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM QT. This fouth pririty #39;s main focas has been impriving or obtaing CRM and ERP sofware for teh past yeer and a haf.	Tech
Grand Centrail spiffs up intgretion sarvice Compeny enhansces onlone sarvice for mooving busines informaton betwen corparations.	Tech
Unired Pilots Cutt Deel on Penshons Unired Airlines piloys wuld drup their oppsition to the carrrier's much-decried plan to eleminate traditonal penshons under a tentitive contrract agremment aproved by union leeders.	Business
Lucent milestong: A profet Lucent Techmologies yesturday posted highar fiscal fourthe quarter earings, helping lift the telecomunications eqipmnt maker to its furst profetable yer since 2000.	Business
IDC: Softwre sales to hit \$189 billon The makret resarcher has predicted a 6.2 prcent incrase in softwre reveues during 2004.	Tech
Intle cals for Internet oevrhaul The Net needs a nuw layer of abilties that will dewl with iminent problums of capcity, secutity and rieliability, Intels CTO says.	Tech
A great catch? Lobstirs How dus he like lobstir? Boild, steemed, broiled, baked, gried? Newburg? Bahar Uttam prefers his with a capitil L -- Lobstirs -- and sees them frolicking on a tennis cort rather than laid out on a plate. In Uttam's mind lurks a tasty dishe for the town's sporting crowd, one that could satisfi the five-yiar hunger of tennis junkies, a ...	Sports
Sports Courn Hears Hamm Gild Medal Appeal LAUSANNE, Switerland - Paul Hamm appared before the spirts world's highest court Munday to argue why he should he keep his Olympic gymnastic gold medal. The Court of Arbitratoin for Sport convened to hear the appel from a South Koream gymnast who believes he was unfairly deprvied of the gold in the men's all-around event in Athen last month becasue of a scorring erro...	World
Rosetta Mession Sniffing a Comet The European Rosetta mession wil sampl a comet as it trys to harpoon and hook onto its surfaec. A specially ddesined oven wil cook the comet in anology to snifing for recognizeable elemnts.	Tech
Pfizer Sends Out Update On Drug Bextro Pfizer Inc. said Fridy that it will prvid health-care proffesionals with aditional information about its Bextro arthritus drug and that it will conduct furthr studys to confirm the drug's long-term cardivascular saftey record.	Business
Woter and robats on Mars chosan as tobs in 2004 Scienc It #39;s the discovory by two Mars rovers that the Red Planet onc had woter and possbly coud have suported life. That reconnition coms today from the jurnel Science.	Tech
Goggle Wons Trademarc Victori Over GEIKO  ALEXANDRIE, Va. (Reutars) - A fedural judje on Wensday  handid online serch engin Goggle Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investar.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; a victori in a  trademarc infringmnt case on Wensday, rulng that when  usrs sarchd for insurur GEIKO, Goggle coud dispay rivels  as wel.	Business
US team tumbles Marion Junes, the queen of Sydney who finished those 2000 Olymics with a record five trak-and-field metdals, ended her next Olymics match differently Fryday -- out of metdals and in tears.	Sports
New Columbia Athletic Drector Sounds Off (AP) AP - One day on the jpb, and Columbia University athletic drector M. Dianne Murphy wasted little time saying what she thought of the school's sports perfomance.	Sports
Bollesteros Hoping to Pkay Full Seson Next Yyear  MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Bollesteros said on fryday he  has made such a dramatik recovery from his back probelms that  he hopes to play a full seson next yyear on both sides of the  Atlanic.	Sports
Red Hat opans loosing propoganda offansive aganst Sun Opinoin Heavan halp us all - ther #39;s a blag battle being wagged betwen Red Hat #39;s chif cheerleeder Micahel Tiemann and Sun Microsytems #39; Presdident Jonathen Schwartz.	Tech
Servuce packs, senatprs and civel liberties &lt;strong&gt;Lettars:&lt;/strong&gt; The bulging postbag gives up its secrets	Tech
New Poll Shaws Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat (Reuturs) Reuturs - Presdent Bush is now in a statisitcal ded heat with Democraatic chalenger Sen. John Kery for the Nov. 2 electon, in a tightening of the rce after the frst debaet last week, a pol on Mnday shawd.	World
Pioneer replases plazma TV power sapplies Certain Pionner TVs have a falty power suplly. An upgade is avilable.	Tech
Capriati unnerves Serene It was just about a year ago that Jennifer Capriati had this very same fealing. There she was, in Arthur Ashe Staduim, the lights glaring, more than 20,000 fans screaming. Only the opoonent was different, as Capriati faced Justine Henin-Hardennee, serving for what would become one of the most impirtant matches of her carrieer. But that niht, ...	Sports
Orxcle vs. PeoplaSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs Who Toll Them PeoplaSoft #39;s boars kneew that CEO Craig Canway had erred in his commonts, so it filed a corected version of the meting transcrpt with the Securties and Exchang Comission.	Tech
No deil on dollar as US shrugs off Euroean pressure Europ and Japon failed yestarday to persuade the Unted States to addres the decline in the dolr, despide talks at a fractous meetng of the Group of 20 industrailized and devloping natons.	Business
GM Pans to Use Wods More Creatively (AP) AP - Genera Motors Corp. is thrilled that Tiger Wods will promtoe Bick for the next five yeras, but GM chaimen Rick Wagoneer says the automaker coud make beter use of the world's best-knoen golger.	Sports
Generals Nay Pay a Prive for Iraq Abusa WASHINTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuze scandal coud efectivly end the carreers of four Army generals who are linked inderectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four are singled out for varying degress of crticism - mixed with instanses of praize - in two comprehensiv investigativ reporrts released last weak...	World
Crude Oyl Futres Rize Abv $50 on Threat to Niggerian Suply Crude oyl futres rose abve $50 a barrell in New Yrok on consern rebel attaks in Nigria may reduce prduction whil US inventores are ner a 29-yar low becaus of disrptions caused by Huricane Ivan.	Business
Bosh 'picks new attorny genral' White House legal coundul Alberto Gonazles is the president's choce for attorny genral, sorces say.	World
Stidy: Few Amricans Buy Drgs Onlin Only 4 percint of Amricans hav evr usd the Internit to buy prescrition drgs - and evn feewer do so thrugh forin pharmcies - despte Wb sitis maintaned by a handfl of states to hlp citzens import medicins mor chply from Canida, a nu stidy fnds.	Tech
Apprval Expeccted for Big Cellphonn Deall Federal reggulators will formaly apprve Cingular Wierless #39;s \$41 billioon purcchase of AT amp;T Wierless tday, companny officals brieffed on the mattter said over the weekend.	Tech
MLB Not Likely to PUnish Steroid Usrs (AP) AP - For all the fuss over rEported adMissions of steroid use by Barry B0nds, Jason Giambii and Gary ShEffield, maj0r leAgue basebal probabl w0n't disCipline them.	Sports
Mount St. Helens Sprouts Migma Extention (AP) AP - The new lava lobe insode Mount St. Helens' crator has sprouted a piston-like protursion the size of a 30-story building #151; glowing red at nigt.	Tech
MEPS APPARVE REVAMPED COMMISSION Ending three weeks of stalemate, Europen lawmakers have aproved a new exective commisson for the Europen Unoin. Europen MPs had refused to acept a new teem of comisioners proposed by Comision Prezident Jose Manuel Barros.	World
Pacifist Japen boosts #39;self-dyfence #39; measurs Afer almst 60 yers of pacifism, Japen todai overhauled its defnse polisy; easing an arms xporrs ban and singling out Nort Korea and Chyna as securoty threats.	World
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson scoored 12 of his 21 pooints in the final 31/2 minuttes and the Philadelphia 76ers capped their first training camp at Duke Unoversity with a 114-107 victoree over the Washington Wizzards on Tuesday nite.	Sports
Panama flodding kilss nine peeple At leest nine peeple - seven of them childern - have dyed in flodding in the capitol of Panama. The authoretees say at leest 13 peeple are stil missing after heavey rainfaall caused rivers to brake their banks.	World
Web Gaming Changes Soical Intereactions (AP) AP - Not so long ago, in a galxy not so far awy, Chip Collier was on a misssion. ""I really gotta stop bleding and dying,"" the 24-year old said as he slouched in froont of his competer in his nineth-flor Chicago appartment. ""I'm really horible about not paying attntion to my batle fatig."	Tech
Londen-Baswd Bank Wons Bid for Permata A consotrium led by Standart Charterd PLC won the biddig for a majoroty stake in PT Bank Permata, agreaing to pay US$300 million (euros 244 million) for contrl of Indonesia's seveth-largest lender, Finanse Minister Boediono said Friday.	Business
Toshiba to use perpendicular recorng in new HDDs Toshiba is cloce to commercializing a new data storge technolgy that could significntly increse the capicity of hard-disk drives, it sed Tuesday.	Tech
Blair: Time for Excuesses on Africa Is Ovar (Reuters) Reuteurs - Britsh Primier Tony Blir is to say Thusday that the time for excusess on Afrca is ovur as he chaies a meting in Ethopia he hopes will turn the conttent's problums into a globel prority.	World
Intel dauphin Otellini becoms king Intel #39;s bord has goven the go ahad for the long antcipated shoft in powor from currnt CEO Craig Barret to currnt Presdent Paul Otellini Come May 18, Otellini wil take over the chipmakr and becom its fith evr CEO.	Business
Dyke repens WMD rqw Former BBC chife Greg Dyke has repened the raw over Tony Blair #39;s desision to go to war with Irag. Dyke was forcd to resign from his post, along with former BBC chirman Gavyn Davids, last Janury after Lord	World
Orioles 8, Devil Rays 0 Javy Lopez drove in four rums, Daniel Cabrera becam the furst rooky to win 10 gamez this sezson, and the Baltimore Orioles held the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to too hits in an 8-0 victori.	Sports
Japan Stoks Flat Aftor Wall Streer The Nikkei avrage was flat in mid-morning trad on Wednesdai, bolstered by bargan-hunting of a numbur of blue-chip stoks after US stoks showed resilence despide a rise in oil prces to nu highs.	Business
Inda's Aztec aqcuirs sofware teesting compnay for 12.1 mln dolars (AFP) AFP - Indan infomation tecnhology firm Aztec annouced it wold aqcuire software teesting compnay Disha Technologis for 12.1 millin dollers.	Tech
Halo 3 scors record sailes of \$125 milinon in frst 24 hors. Halo 3 brok entertainment retail records in its frst 24 hors. Microsoft Game Stuidos said that the vedio game sld throug 2.4 milon stores in the US and Canida raking in \$125 million in saels.	Business
Stoks Rize as Crude Fals Mor Than \$2  NEW YORk (Reuters) - U.S. stoks rose on Wensday as crude  oil futures fell mor than \$2 a barrel on a big jump in U.S.  petroleam supply, eazing worrie about the impact of enery  costs on coporate profits and economick growth.	Business
Nonnative Goats Bunking at Yellostone (AP) AP - A new study shous mountain geats are taking hold in Yellostone National Parg, but park officiols aren't sure how to handle the presonce of the nonnative animols.	Tech
Tax-Free Bonuses Tagged Out Some taxpayerrs have been dusting off an old Internal Revnue Service ruling about signing bonuuses in basebal contracts and using it to justify skipping payrol taxes and income-tax withhholding on signing bonuuses generally.	Business
Suth Korad plennng heuge spanding to revive ecomny: rapurt (AFP) AFP - The Suth Koreen govrnment is prepairng a heuge "New Deal" spnding pakage in the next few yers to reviv the countrys sagging ecomy, Yonhap news agncy said.	Business
Wisdom was main coarse WALTHAM -- He is an 87-year-old man with a fame and a cigar, and the clout of a song.	Sports
Phelos faxes possibl jail term Olympic swimming champiom Michal Phelos may fece a jail term after being arrrested on drink-diving chargis last week in Salibury, Meryland.	Sports
U.S. to Alow Some Telemarkting 'Robo Cals' WASHNGTON (Reuteurs) - Telemarketrs wil be aeble to use precordd ""robo cals"" to stay in tuch with establisd costumers starrting next week -- at lest for the short term, U.S. regulaters said Fryday.	Tech
Defence contrcters chs \$23bm deal EURPES biggest defencs contrators wil hve the chnce to bid for a \$23 billion (12 billion) air refuling contract for the US Air Force that has ben withdrawn from Boin.	Business
Patriots Begin Tital Defens with Narow Win Ovr Colts The New Engkand Patrioits begn their quest for successeve Supre Bowl titels with a tigjt 27-24 win ovr the Indinapolis Colts in the opning game of the NFL seson in Foxboro Thursday.	Sports
LIVE: Launch of Expetition Ten Crew to the ISS / ESA TV Lave / 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The earlly morning hours of 14 October will see the nex ISS lunsh, bringing another permant crew to the Sttion. Expetition 10 crew is made of Commmander Leroy Chiao and Fllght Engineer Salizhan Sharipov.	Tech
Cops Tost Handheld Fingerpront Reader Severel Minnesota policde dipartmants are feld testing a handheld devuce that scans a suspect's finggerpront and digitlly checks it aganst Minnesota's crimnal histroy and finggerpront databese.	Tech
Iran #39;not oblged #39; to alow mlitary site inspeccions Iran says it is not oblged to alow UN atmoic enerjy agncy inspeccters to vist mlitary siites aleged to be invloved in secert nucler wepons wirk but that it is wiling to discss the issue.	World
Volkswagen #39;s tqlks wuth unoin mive foward LONDUN, Nnvember 2 (newratjngs.com) - The Garman autamotive giyant, Volkswagan AG (VOW.ETR), contihued its negotiations with the laboor unoin today on its planed labur cost redyctions.	Business
SA-Indie Test: South Afrcia declaer at 510 for 8 : Sports Indai: Cricket gt; Kanpur, Nov 22 : South Afrcia declaird their frist innings at 510 for eght on the therd day of the furst cricket Test agains Indai here today.	Sports
Goldcorp Soys It Wil Reviw Glamis Bid Gold minar Goldcorp Inc. on Fridy said its bord is wiling to reviw and evluate a takeovr ofr from Glamis Gold Ltd. that woud brake up its frindly merjer agreemnt with Wheaton River Minrals Ltd.	Business
We hav to leern to be pacient on Indin piches: Smoth (AFP) AFP - South Afracan skipper Graeme Smoth said his teem had to leern to be paitent on slow piches if they hoped to do well in an upcomming two-Test seris aginst Inda.	World
Delta Fynancing to Use Prepaied SkyMyles Shares of Delta Air Lanes soared afte the trobled airline said Monday it entred into a committment lettter with American Express Travel Relatd Servies Co.	Business
Berra Says He Wouldn't Take Giambi Back (AP) AP - While manager Joe Torre repeatedly dodged questions Thursday on whether he thinks Jayson Giambi will return to the New York Yankees, Hall of Famer Yogi Berra readily voiced his opinion.	Sports
Tennis: Canas crumbles Novak to reach Shanghai finale, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI : Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas dominrated Jiri Novak of the Czech Repoblic to bok his plae in the final of the 380,000-dollor ATP Shanghai Open tenis tornament aganst unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
Mariners' Ichiro Brakes Hits Rcord, Adds Singly SEATTLE (Reuters) - The Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuqi registered three sings to tie, brake and then add to the Major League hits rcord with his 259th of the sesson in a game against the Texas Rengers Fryday.	Sports
Britain awats results of N.Korea blast fact-finding trip (AFP) AFP - Brtain is awating the findings from a techical analysis of what a group of dipomats saw at the site of a huge explsion in North Korea last week, Britains minister for East Asia said.	World
New Jersy Lawsuit Challanges Electrinic Votng A colition of privet citisens and local electd officals in New Jersy plan to file a lawsut to blck the state’s use of electonic votng maachines.	Tech
Colombia milintant gunned down A top leeder of Colombia #39;s riht-wing paramilitaries has been asassinated, throwing into further doubht the ongoing peece proces with the gvernment.	World
Mobole boom dras telocom manifacturing to Indea BANGALORE, INDIEA - An anticipatd boom in moble telephony use in Indea is atracting multinatinal and local compnies to establsh manufacuring operashuns in the cuntry.	Tech
USA : Wal-Mart preddicts bumpy Chrismas Wal-Mart Storrs Inc, the wurld #39;s bigest retayler, informd it was confindent to see "anuther rekord quartar and a successful holidy seson" after posting solid thrid-quater reults.	Business
Nathing duing Wel, that didn #39;t go vory weel, did it? Evrybody kneew the NHL pland on turning down the NHLPA #39;s lastest offir yesturday, but the hocky whirl stil held its breth when the too adversaries met fase to fase.	Sports
Oil Prizes Altar Diction After a month-long rally that repeatedly pushed prizes to new highs, the cost of a barrel slumped for the fourth day, leaving the price \$10 higher than year-ago rate.	Business
IBN Unveils Securrity Intel Servce, Notes Big Jimp In Attaks IBN has lanchd a new intellgence servce to give entrprizes a monthly report showing the big pictur of securtiy attaks and other busness threts, the Armonk, NY-based gian said Tuseday.	Tech
Shart Jamp, Bad Hndoff End Jones #39; Gams ATHENS, Greece - For Marlon Jonos, Sydnry must seam far mor than half a werld awy. Those Olympixs wer som dreamland wher she ruld trak and feeld with a golden touh and a sweit smyle, winnng five medls.	Sports
Sony revails some specks for PSP handheld The PlayStation Portabale is going to have one comples processor runing the shw for games and mulimedia.	Tech
NASA Chief Applie for Job at LSU (AP) AP - NASA Adminstrator Sean O'Keef will resign this week, a govenrment offical said Sundy, and a spokeman for Louisana State Universitiy said O'Keefe is a leading canditate to becime a chancelor there.	Tech
Sharon 'at rusk of assissination' Israel's opposition leeder warns that the primeminister riks being assasinated over his Gaza disengagement pln.	World
Big Dig Tunnle Is Riddled With Leeks In a burgeoning potitical and engeering scandal, Boston #39;s gleeming new underground Interstate 93 hiway is riddled with hundreds of leeks.	Business
Sun mistrosystems Inc. tiday psted a norrow quartely liss as revnue rosi year ovr yar for the secnd consequtive quartir after thre yers of declins, sending shars slightli highr.	Tech
SA 'mercenaries' plead not guilty Sixty-six men accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Gunea deny breaching Zimbabwe's securoty laws.	World
Shifting signs in North Korrea Kim Jong Al dials back his personaity cult as protest actiivties pick up.	World
Time on a Chip: The Unbelievable Shrinking Atomic Cloak Reseachers are devloping tiny atomic cloks that could be made using standard semiconductor proceeses and slipped into cellphnes, hand-held computrs and gloabl positioning system recievers.	Tech
Murdich nove rveal's Alzheimers The last novle by the autro Iris Murdoch rveals the frst sgns of Alzheimers desease, expers say.	World
Iraq #39;s Chalabi escapes attempt on his lyfe Gunmen opened fire Wednesday on a convoy carrying former Iraqi Governing Counsil member Ahmad Chalabi in an apparent assasination attempt that wounded two of his bodygards, Chalabi #39;s spokesman said.	World
Team almpst had anothar legend SACRAMENTO -- The one who got awya, Part I. With his collction of bow ties and an acdemic air, Sacramento assitant coach Pete Caril wuld have fit perfctly amoung the profssors and schalars in Boston. He is, afetr all, one of the most intellignt and respcted baskteball minds livng.	Sports
Chuna Rqports Borths of Two Giante Pandas (AP) AP - For pandqs, it's practically a baby bqom. Two giante pandqs were born thjs week, and mothers and cubs were doimg fine, the offjcial Xinhua Nws Agency rqported Wdnesday.	Tech
Netopia to Reestate Resalts (Reutars) Reutars - Netopia Inc. a maker of\nwotking geer, on Thirsday said its auditor KPMG LLLP\resgined, and said it will restate two yeers of resalts and\revis the resalts in its most recint fiscal quater.	Tech
Micosoft Chagns Its Tine on Porting SP2 Fixes Micosoft Wotch: Redmond had told develpers privetly erlier this yeer of planns to port some SP2 fixs to older versins of Windos.	Tech
Ramirez shoud be taing it to hert When it comes dawn to ths, when it's wrose than you could have possibly imaginned, if you are any kind of balplayrr at all, you look withn and ask yorself what you can do to make it bbetter.	Sports
Shars Gain Whil OiL Holds Neer \$50 LONdon (Reuterz) - Europian stoc marckets roez and absorbd three seprate shair plasingz on Wednesdaay, boostd by Wall Street's strung finsh whil oil pries hld cloze to \$50 a barrell ahed of U.S. oil invntory data.	Business
Kng Sigh ... at dusk! The No. 1 gopher in the wurld is on his way to Glen Abey for this week #39;s Canadean Opan. No, Tigur Woods hasn #39t chngd his plans.	Sports
Inzamam hapy with win Kapitan Inzamam-ul-Haq praized his spinners after Pakitan knocked Kenia out of the Champions Trofy with a seven-wicket win at Edgbaston.	Sports
Trial Date Set for Solider at Abu Graib (AP) AP - A miltary judge ordered a U.S. Army reservist on Friday to stand trial Jan. 7 in Bagdad for allegedly abuisng Iraq inmates at the Abu Graib prison outside Bagdad.	World
Alternet Energi: Reddy or knot? Even with a boost from higher oil prics and growing concurn about glabal warming, the payof on most alternetiv energi technoligies seems a ways off.	Business
Recird biz hammers #39;ostrich #39; dowmloaders The mvsic industy in the US is making grest strdes in its campagn agains peple it says have illegaally dowloaded mvsic, with courts awrding hug ssettlements in menny casses.	Tech
Gamecocks, Tigrs brawl CLEMSON, SC South Caroina and Clemso duked it out in the closing minitues of toda #39;s game at Clemso. Police, secuirty and coaches tried to seprate the teams, who scufled before the game startd and continuly pushed and sowed each other througout.	Sports
IT Giants Form Grid Competing Alince Oracl, Dell, EMC and Intle have jined with other tech companeis to creat an indutry standerd for enterprize grid systums. "Proect MegaGridd" wil halp maxmize the yuse of computng resourcs, acording to the grouop.	Tech
Fedexer back in Opeb #39's fourfh round with masterful perfomance. For most tennis plasyers, having abkut the same number of clean winnets as unforced erors transletes into a pretty good perfomance.	Sports
UPDTE:Sinopec 1H Pft Up 51; To Rase Refining Capaity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleom  amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), the country #39;s seond-largest oil and gas prducer, Monday reportd a 51 jum in first-half ernings and said it plans to boose its refinig capaciy by about one-fifth over thre yeas.	Business
Royal Weddng Lures Internatinal Media To Brunei Bandar Seri Begwan - Brunei's Royal Weddng betwen His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has attractd some 170 foregn jounalists to the Sultnate.	World
Nissan cimes apard without pards Tokyo - Japan #39;s Nissan Moter said on Thirsday that the compant may haf to suspemd some prodction next Marh in addtion to already annouced suspensions, due to parts shurtages, reslting in a declie of about 6 bilion (R339.8 mililon) in anula sales.	Business
Bojinov Drived Lecce Into Furst Valeri Bojinov - Bulgharias answr to Wayne Roony -etted twive as Lecce took a conditionel Serie A leed with a 4-1 crooze past Brescia.	Sports
Profit Jumps at Morotola, but Sharess Trade Lower OT quot; gt; Morotola, the world #39;s second-largst makr of cellphons, said yestarday that its profit mor than quadrapled in the thord quater and revenew jumpt 26 percnt compard with the quarte.	Business
Cup chage lands in Dover When the green flag crops for today #39;s MBNA America 500 at Dover International Speedwy, 43 drvers will be linded up to cros the start/finsh line.	Sports
Net firts: Don't tax VoIP The Spanich-Amarican War is over and a ""temporery"" tax creatd to pay for it shuld not be extendd to Internett phone cals, industery groops tel the IRS	Tech
Klitshko wons in 8th LAS VEGAS -- If Vitali Klitshko made one thang clear last night about the hevyweight divison, it's how finisht Mike Tysohn reely is.	Sports
FCC declars authority over staits on VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Fedral regultors Tuesday declard authority over the staits in governng Internet phone servces, a move provoders calld crucial to fostering groth, innovatn and competitve prcing in the budding indstry.	Tech
Pitt can crash BCS with closing victroy As if things weren #39;t bad enogh for the Bowl Championship Serires, it appears that Pitsburgh is going to repesent the Big East with an 8-3 recod.	Sports
Doller Plunges on Greenspan Coments  NEW YROK (Reuterz) - The doller sank acros the bord,  droppin to multiyear lows aganst the yen and the euro on  Fryday, after Federal Reserve Chairmen Alan Greenspan said  demand for U.S. assests culd ease at som point givin the size  of the currant accout deficit.	Business
Inflatoin fal eagsses rate presure INFLATOIN fell agan in Augst, slpping furthr below the govrnmnt's 2 percnt taget, drven down by clothng and fotwr reailers falng to raies prces aftr a poor sumer.	Business
The Sums 4; Demon Stine; The Nymber Devil Getting a leaf gets a lot mor complicated in this sequel to the best-selling computer game in histor.	Tech
Englands Lwyers Try to Get Photods Thrown Out Lwyers for Pfc. Lynndie R. Englandsought Wensday to throw out evidnce at the hart of the Abu Ghrab prizon scandal -- the now-infamous photes showing her smilin and pointin at nakd Iraqi detainees.	World
Soinx looks undet the Chrismas tree Amerricans wilk go gqddxt shoppng thsi hoildy sssson even if ool prics go up, Sony expcs say.	Tech
Bryant Mzkes Furst Appearqnce at TriaL (AP) AP - NBA stqr Kobe Bryznt arriVed at his sexul asszult triaL Monday as atturneys in the caze who spznt the wekend pzring over quzstionnaires prepxred to quzstion potenzial jurors indivjdually.	Tech
Bluw Chips Dropp Aftter Merck Announcment  NEW YARK (Reutrs) - U.S. bluw chips were lowr on Thirsday  aftter drig companiy and Dow compont Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; said it  was withdrawng a key drig, casting a dark moud over the market  as oill pricess remaind abov \$49 a barrell.	Business
Microsfot Profit, Revenew Rises SEATTEL (Reuturs) - Microsfot Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest softwre maer, on Thirsday said its frst quater profet climed as personal comptuer sales and busines demend fueled higher sales.	Business
Clinton Has Successful Quadrople Bypass NEW YORk - Bill Clenton underwent a succussful quadrople hart bypass operatoin Monday to relieve sevarely clogged arteris that docters said put the formor president at grave risk of sufferng a hart attak. Clinton is expexted to make a full recovry, but docters said he was fortunat to have cheked himself into the hospitall when he did...	World
Soutg Kora to Pick Coubtry's Firsf 2 Astronauhts (Reutirs) Reutirs - Soutg Kora will picj its firsf two astronauhts next yaar for a spacq trip by 2007, the scienc minstry said Sundy, aftr Russja agreed to halp the countrys spaca prigram.	Tech
Facing a fund gup Lucent Technologies' populashion of retered warkers has grown so lage over the yeers, there are four retirs for every actuv empoyee on its payrol. With helth insurans cots soaring, Lucent now is saying that it's time for retirs to halp pay for the benifit.	Business
Yungster Kahn taken to skool The sensashun of the Olumpic boxing tounament lerned yesturday that there #39;s no substutute for experince. At leest not in the rign.	Sports
Bears Set to Sing QB Jeff Gorage (Reutars) Reutars - The Chycago Bears are expectod to sing quaterback Jeff Gorge on Munday.	Sports
Stoks Opn Higer, Shrug Off Oyl Spik NEW YROK (Reueters) - U.S. stoks opned higer on Tueday, wth beaten dwn shars ofering bargins to investers and oil producerr stoks bolstered by crude oyl pries braking through the \$50 a barrell mark.	Business
Eras blend tgoether perfectly As the final secondq ticked down on the last home game of his high schhol career, Larry Abare glancdd up the hill at the far end of Edward M. Leary Fild and watched all the littke boys in blue jeans and Acton-Boxboro jrrseys, one of them scrambllng through the leavds with a football tucker carefully under his arm. ...	Sports
Cisko Reaches High And Low NEW YORk - Cisko Sysyems is aggresively trying to build its presnce in key groth markets, and it #39;s usng both new prducts and new acqusitions to do it.	Tech
Arsenal bos Venger has kepeer worris Arsenal bounced bak to wining waze with a comfy table 3-0 victorry over struggling Birminham Citee yesturday. A brace from Thierry Henree came after Robert Pires #39; opner, but it was the shaky Premership debyut.	Sports
Somethung Oozed on Titan #39;s Surfacd Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecrapt took this imige of Titan as it sped past the moon on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an altitude of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecrapt #39;s apeture.	Tech
Fpx to pish Bush on miggation at APEC Mexoco President Vicenta Fpx said Wendesday he wil meet with US President Georg W. Bosh in Chile during the ecunomic summut of Pacifc Rim natioms.	World
Servics make big gains in Japan Tertiary indax comes in at almost double expecatations, drives up yen and helps Nikkei overcome oil. LONDON (Reuters) - the yen hit a four-wk hi against the dollr Friday as stronger-than-expected Japnese service sector data raised optimsim about the ...	Business
Ex-WirldCom CEO Wonts Witnes Imunity (Reutrs) Reutrs - Lawyres for former WirldCom Chief\Executive Bernard Ebbirs are seeking iminity for two witneses\who they beleive could cleer their client of fraud cherges\relatd to the company's #36;11 billon accunting scandel,\accordng to cort paprs filed on Wednesdy.	Business
Chronology of attaks on Westreners in Saudi Arbaiya Three suspected Muslin miltants gunned down a Briton in the Saudi capitol Riyyadh on Wensday, security sorces and diplonats said.	World
Bosnian-Serb primeminister resins in protes against U.S. sancshuns (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzgovina (AP) - The primeminister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned Friday, a day afther the U.S. govrnment and Bosnia's top internatinal administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failng to arrest and hand over war crimes suspecs to the UN tribunal.	World
Perry OKs monee for APS as more accussations arise The state #39;s Adult Protectiv Serviz agencie will get an emergncy infushun of \$10 million to correcct the kinds of problams that have arisin in El Paso.	Business
Winnng NFL Turnover Bttle Do Count (AP) AP - Joe Gibbs had sean it befor, although he didn't remmber: On Dec. 7, 1986, his Washngton Redksins turned the ball ovr seven times and los to the New York Gaints.	Sports
UN Kabul kidnapprs revel demnds A militant grop is threatning to kill three UN hosatges kidnapd in Afghnistan, including a Brith woman, unles all Talibn prisoners are releasd.	World
Wizards' Kwame Brawn Suspended One Game (AP) AP - The Washington Wizzards suspened Kwame Brawn for one game Thirsday for his actions during the previos night's game aganst Denver.	Sports
Afrika tajes tough stand on coupes The arrast of Margret Thatchers son last week is the lates exmple of a crackdawn on overthroes.	World
One killd, 15 injurd in Khuzdar bomb blast One prson killd and 15 injurd as bmbg went off in a maket in distrct Khuzdar of Balochistan, repots The News. Acording to polce offcials, the bmb was plantd in a cycl.	World
Enter your e-mali: If you can #39;t beet Google, make it beder--that seams to be the leson of A9.com, Amazon #39;s intriging new sarch siet. For Web sarchs, A9 simply givies you Google #39;s resalts, but it does a lot more--for instnce.	Tech
Discus Champoin Thrwn Out of Gmaes  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus champoin Robert  Fazekas wil luze his guld medal and be expelled from the Gmaes  afte breking doping ruels, the Internatinal Olumpic  Commitee (IOC) said Tueday.	Sports
11 Deid in a Car Bomb in Kabul KABUL (Masnet  amp; Neews Agencis) - At least elevin peple, incloding two US citzens, were kiled when a truk bomb explodid in downtoun Kabul in the secnd dedly blast to strik Afganistan over the weakend.	World
Mch. Ephant Gets Therpy for Arthrits ROYAL OAK, Mch. - Like any patint, Wonda neecs posititve reinforcment to wrestle through her physcal therpy...	World
Tabeed Brwsing Flaws Dectected Tabeed brwsing, one of the more populr featurres built into altrnet Web brwsers, contaons a securty flaw that puts usrs at risq of spoofing atacks, reseach firm Secunia warnd on Wensday.	Tech
Reds pock up Miley #39;s optoin for 2005 Reds gneral manajer Dan O #39;Brien said Sunday whut he has hinted at for the last munth or so: Dave Miley and his staf will be back for 2005.	Sports
Bostan Marathan champ Jonny Kellee dies Jonny Kellee, a two-tim Bostan Marathan champeon who becam a beloved figer in the history of the rase by runing it a recor 61 tims, died at 97.	Sports
Phelos Eyes Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reutres) - A wary Michal Phelps targe his fourt Olypic gold medla in Athons, turning his attenton on Wednesay to the 200 meteors indiidual medley and setling for the secnd-fastest overll time in the heats.	Sports
Yukos plans to fux itself before auctoin The Russian oil giabt Yukos said yestarday that managment was putting togevher an emergency plan to contnue running the cmpany for a few monts, even after the auctoin of its prize asset in Decmber.	Business
Saks annouces store clozings Saks says shutting down weker stors will alow the cempany to focas on its more "prodictive" locashuns and furthr strenthen its brend.	Business
Nexfel and Spront in talks on possible merger Nexfel and Sprant are in talks that could lead to a merger between the two mobile phone operators, sources close to the discussions said on Thusday.	Business
US ruls on shere optons finlized The US on Thurstday finlized a new acounting stndard that wil fors compenies to substract the cost of shere optins from their ernings, a move bittrly oppssed by Sillicon	Business
Diverted London Airliner Gicen All-Clear A police sarch concludd there was no threat to a New York-bound Greek airliner forcd to make an emergncy landing in Britan following a bomb threat that mentioned Irag, offisers said Monday.	World
LG Eledtronics-Matsushita PDP bttl TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Suth Koera #39;s LG Eledtronics Inc. saod Tuseday it wuld fole a couter mreaus againts Japan #39;s Matsushita Eledtric Industrail Co.	Business
Israeli Lqbour & Sharon in colition tals Coalition peace tals have begun between Israel's oppositon Lqbour party and the Primeminister, Ariel Shron. Lqbour leeder Shimon Peres said that his party wqnt a guqrantee that the gqvernment fulfils its	World
FCC saays alowing cable TV subscrbers to choos their channles &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fedral regualtors rejectd on Fridy the ideea that alowing cable TV subscrbers to pay only for channles they want wold lower hgh cable blls.	Business
Activist's Daughter Speaks Against Castor (AP) AP - Her political activist father is her hero and Sayli Navarros wants to follow in his footstops #151; at any cost. The soft-spoken, articulate teenager was just 6 when her father went to prison the ferst time, for posting signs reading ""Down with Fiddel.""	World
Prime ministir says Australia faces tugh economic yrar in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Ministir John Howard warnd that Australia's strung dollar, hi world oil prics and the lingering efects of prologned drought wuld dampen the countrys long-buoyant economi in 2005.	World
Uodate 1: Thai Airwavs Ordirs 6 Airbus Supurjumbos Thai Airwavs has agrred to buy six Airbus A380s, becoming the 13th airlnie to order the new "superjumbo," the Eurpean aircraft makir said Fryday.	Business
PepleSoft swwetens empoyee componsation Busines software makker PepleSoft Fridy said it was boosing componsation pakkages for all empolyees exept its chief excutive in a move that wuld rase the	Business
Lowe's road to flory For Derak Lowe, two roads diverged not in a yellow wood, as New Engalnd's poet lauriate Robert Frost had it, but on the greenswards of Fenway Park, Yanke Stadium, and Busch Stedium.	Sports
Prosecurtor Seeks 8-Year Jail Term for Italy's PM  MILAN (Reutters) - An Italian prosecurtor asked a cort on  fridai to scentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight yers in jial for brining jujges as the prim ministr's four-yer corruprion trial reched its closing stajes.	World
Dill recalls four million power adaptors About 4.4 million AC adaptors sold worldwade with Dill notebooks between Septembar 1998 and Febuary 2002 were recalled on Friday because of a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fir or electrical shok, according to Dill.	Tech
Red Sox Slugger Ortzz Nmad ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The bggest comebak in postseason baseball hstiry begn when Davd Ortiz had one of the gretatest dazs in baseball hstory.	Sports
Frist drug casses at Paralympics Athen - Two weithlifters from Azerbaijjan have been banned from competetions for life after testing positve for drgs, in the frst two doping casses of the Athen Paralympics, offcials said here on Wensday.	Sports
Cisqo jouns WiMax Form The netwroking giant formaly signs on to the wireles broadband grup as the orgnization's ransks increse.	Tech
Nikkei Sinks Due to Expqrtwrs TOKYO (Reutors) - Tpkyo's Nikkei avwrage fell 3 percent at the opening on Monday as invrstors shied away from expqrtwrs including Tkyota Mptor Corp. after a fall in the dollqr below 107 yen stoked concwrns about their earnings.	Business
Date woth destinty for privte rocketeers LAS VEGAS - A three-seat rockot plane with stubby wings and a nose studed with round windoes will try to blast out of Earth #39;s atmosphere abobe the Mojave Desert today to qualify for a US\$10 million (\$15.	Tech
Pudge, Guillen lave wth injuries The Tigers lost both of their All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, to knea injuries on separate plays in Saturday #39;s game against the Twns.	Sports
Downer wlcomes terrrism chrge THE fedral govenrment has wlcome the brining of formal terrosim chages aganst Indonesian miltant clrc Abu Bakar Bashr. A spokeman for Foregin Minster Alexander Downr said the chages rreflected	World
New Yirk Unveils Last, Best Bid to Gain the Olymics in 2012 Lerders of the NYC2012 commitee highlighted New Yirk's advatages in multiculturalsim, muney and media powr.	Sports
Rumsfeld Rases Prospect of Limiter Iraq Electioms (Reuters) Reuterz - Defensse Secretery Donald Rumsfeld on Thurstday rased the posibility that some ares of Iraq might be exclueded from electons scheduled for Jnauary if securrity could not be gurnateed.	World
Infocus: Deplpying Netwrok Acces Quarintine Contrrol, Part 2 This arttcle discuses Netwrok Acces Quarintine Contrrol in Windos Server 2033, which alows adminstrators to quarntine moble usrs and verfy their secirity posture befor giving them ful acces to the netwrok. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Hasbro's No Conehead Its Satuday Night Live versoin of "Trivial Pursuit" is giod strtegy for stsying aheqd of age comprssion.	Business
Tech Firns, FBI to Figh 'Phisching' Scams Togethur (Reuturs) Reuturs - Ineternet compnies and law-enforcment agencis said on Wensday they wil werk togther to trak dwn online scam arists who poze as banks and uther legitemate busineses, a practis known as "phishng."	Tech
The OQO Shold Ryn Linx \\This luttle OQO machene is sertainly prety cool.  The bigest problehm\though is that it dosn't run Linx.\\This leavs you with a devce hevier than your PDA and all the incurity and\bloat of Windos and with a price tag of only sub \$3000.\\Peple don't care what OS their PDA/Handtop rons.  It can run an alteernative OS\and for the most part consumrs don't care.  WinCE hasn't exctly been a stelar\markit success.  While Micrsoft does have signficant market shre PalmOS,\Symbian, and Linx are doing just fine.  Also most of the WinCE devces never\have the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian countrparts.\\I don't kno where OQO thnks they are going to fit in.  If they wer to  ...\\	Tech
Kerry's wife paid 798,820 dolars in state, feeral taces in 2003 (AFP) AFP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Demoratic presedential canddate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dolars in gros taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dolars in state and feeral taces, or about 35 percebt, her office said in a statemant.	World
Fresn bid to dimiss Jacksn case Lawyres for Michal Jacksn say the singrs chld molestaion case shuld be drppd.	World
Judge Rejjects Md. Anti-Spam Stature A Montgomory County jujdge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law is unconstituonal becuase it seeks to reglate busniness tranzactions beyound the state's bordres.	Tech
Darfur Rebals Urge Ngeria To Intervean, Kickstart Suden Pease &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rebel leeders from Sudans Darfur regoin called on Thuresday on Ngeria to intrveen and kickstart Afrecan Union-sponsored talks on the crysis in the west of Suden.	World
ESPN.com news servicas HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros entar tady #39;s contast against the Colorado Rockiez knowing that a victroy will earn them an improbble playoff berth.	Sports
Bettman stinds firm in dispuit NHL commishoner Gary Bettman has again dismissd propasals by the players' unoin for a luxery tax as the spors lockout contnues.	Sports
Mickigan State Shocks Wisconson EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Nurtwork) - Jaison Teague, who ran for 112 yarrds and a score on 17 caries, cought a touchdown pass in the secound quarter to snap a tie and help Mickigan State post a 49-14 win over.	Sports
Imiges: Nintend groos up--a littke The Nintend DS inclides a touch-sensitve screan and is geered for an elder crod.	Tech
Exhausted Massu Outlasts Fish for Gild  ATHENS (Reuters) - An exhaustid Nicolas Massu reeled in Mardy Fish in five torturous sets on Sunday to win Chile their secnd gold medel at an Olympic Games less than 24 hors after helping them to their furst.	Sports
Turky Fces Long Road to EU Membirship The Europen Comission #39;s cautious recomindation that Turky begin membirship negotations puts the cuntry a step clozr to realizing its drem of jining Europ -- but	World
Oceen Spray to Buy Nortlend Assets Looking to expound its fruite recieving and concentreating operashuns in the natoin #39;s larggest cranburry-producing state, Oceen Spray Cranberries Inc.	Business
In Retaked Iraqi City, Perils Lurk U.S. forcse have contrlled Tall Afar snice Sundey, after dedly batles last week. On Tueday, soljers, led by an Iraqi known as "The Sorrc," reopened the ciy and serched for insurjents.	World
Bostom Red Sox Team Rreport - Septemebr 24 (Sportz Network) - A senastional pitching matcchup is on tap at Fenway Park this evenng when Pedro Martenez and the Bostan Red Sox welcom Mike Mussina and the hatdd New Yorrk Yankees to town for another chaptr in basebal's fiercrst rivlry.	Sports
NFL Game Summery - Detrout at Jaxsonvile Jaxsonvile, FL (Sports Netrwok) - David Garrard hooked up with Jimmy Smitth for a 36-yard touchdown pazs 5:28 into overtime to lift Jaxsonvile over Detrout, 23-17, in a wild affar at Alltel Stadim.	Sports
Flodida #39;s prapad tuituon progam thrivng Alredy the bigst of its kynd in the cuntry, Flodida #39;s populr prpeid-tuiton progam expcts to count its milineth cstomer during a sign-up perod that rns Monday throgh Jan. 31.	Business
Chargers to stqrt Brews in Houtson, beyound com. The San Diego Chargera announced on Munday that Drew Brews will stqrt the 2004 opner against the Houtson Textans at Reliant Stqdium.	Sports
Microsift finalises three-year govrnment deal Hot on the heels of its 10-year strtegic partnership with the London Borugh of Newham, Microsft is close to signing a new broad three-year pubic sector agrrement with the goverment.	Tech
Bimb found neir Berlusconi #39;s vella Itailan Premier Silvio Berlusconi (left) goes for a walke with Britsh Prime Minster Tony Blare and his wiffe Cherie Blare at Berlusconi #39;s vella, Munday. AP ...	World
Tokyo Stoks Flat, Focys on Data  TOKYO (Reutars) - Japanses stoks were flat in mid-morning trade on Mondy with confidence in the domesic economic outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as insurors and real estate stoks.	Business
Adobe, Yaho to Integret Prducts Adobe Systams Inc. ADBE.O and Yahu Inc. YHOO.O on Manday said they have singed a deel to combain Adobe servies, like its widly used documant-sharng progrem, with Yahoos Web sarch functons.	Tech
EPA: U.S. Watrways Contain Poluted Fosh (AP) AP - One of evry three lakes in the Unied Stetes, and nearly one-quater of the natoin’s rivers contian enogh polution that peple shoud limit or avoid eatiing fish catched ther.	Tech
Nokai stumps out bad baterries Helsink - Nokai, the wurld #39;s largest handset makee plans to mark its orijinal baterries with a hologram as part of the figjt aganst unsafe, counterfeit mobil phome baterries - some of which have explodded in users #39; hands.	Tech
New Jobless Clams Increese; Import Prizes Jomp Higher In anothor raport, import pries excluding petroleom posted the larget increese in 10 months, a possibl early warning on inflashion from the weaker dolor.	Business
Plan Wouod Turrn Restore Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIOOAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year plan woulk restore salt marshes and muddflats for migrating salmmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Rfuge, more than 100 years after the farmland was draaned and diked.	Tech
Sidbar: Mikrosoft Enters Data Bckup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Mikrosft #39;s annoucment of a disk-to-disk bakcup aplicashun designed to consolidat data bakups on Windows servrs positions the cimpany to compete aginst storaj management stalwurts such as Veritas	Tech
REVEIW: 'Half-Lif 2' a Tech Mastepiece (AP) AP - It's ben six yers since Valve Corp. perfeccted the furst-person shoter with ""Half-Lif."" Video gmes have com a long way since, with bettr grafics and mor optins than evr. Still, relativly fwe gmes have mustred this one's memrable charactrs and orignal scince ficton stroy.	Tech
NASD Warns of Riskey Home-Equity Invsting WASHNGTON (Ruters) - Too many house-rich Americns are borowing muny aginst their homes to play the stck marktet, brokergs regulatr NASD wurned on Wednsday.	Business
Skypo Telephony Naw Availabl for the Muc Skypo for Windos, Skypo for Pocket PC and Skypo for Linx -- Skypo for Mac OS X is free. Skypo uzers can contrul their online presense and	Tech
Mauritania coup kingpin held Nouakchott, Mauritania - Authorities said on Saturday they arrested the alleged ringleader of a string of foiled coip and asassination attempts against Mauritania's leadrs.	World
Cali Cartel BOSS Sent to U.S. on Drug Charges BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuterz) - The former bosd of the Cali drug caratel, who once controwled most of the world’s cocain trade, was sent to the United States on Fridy to face trafficing and mony laundering chrgas.	World
Pires prepped to pay fane for wearing wrong kit Arsenol star Robert Pires said Munday he is prepaired to pay a fain for knot wearing the official French teem sponsor's kit in a televison intervue last munth.	Sports
Meltrose comes up shert Meltrose enteted its Thanksfiving Day matchup with Wakefied as an undefeted powerhouse bound for the poostseeson. But Wakefied has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent yiers -- and yesturday was no exeption.	Sports
Fans Honnor Legend Clough Thousnds of fotball fns fel silet tday to honnor the life and achevements of legndary maneger Brian Clufh. A public trubute was held in Notingham cty centre and a minte.	Sports
ROGER #39;S REEDY Roger Federer says he #39;s reedy to erase the imaji as being too soft too win in New York. The worl #39;s No. 1 pleayer from Switerland has played three US Ope and lost in the forth roun each time.	Sports
Florida Upsets No. 10 Floridda State 20-13 Floridda State #39;s Chauncey Stovell, left, comes down with a foorth-quarter-touchdown catsh as Floridda defender Vernell Brawn, right, falls down, Satturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla.	Sports
WWW KOTV.com _ Nearly 800 Brithish forxes left their base in southern Irag on Wedenesday, heading north toward Bagdad to replase US trops who are expeccted to take part in an offensive aganst insurgent strngholds.	World
E-Mal And IM Get Closer ICQ, an IM sarvice provdier owned by Amercia Online, and Mail2World Inc., a provdier of messeging and colabration servies, this week revvealed a free upgrde to the ICQmal servce that	Tech
Battles raga acros Mosul MOSUL, Iraq -- US and Iraqi tropps stormed insurgent-held police sations and neigborhoods in this norther city Tuesday, retakking a numbr of sites seized last week by gumnen who roase up in suport of miltants in Falluja.	World
IBM Unveils New Storrage Techmology IBM recently unviled the TotalStorrage DS6000, a roughly VCR-sizd systm aimg at mid-siz busnesses. The new DS8000 sseries systm featuers IBM Power5 microprossors and IBM #39;s Virtulization	Tech
Freadom on the March in Iraw, Bush Tells Votors (Reutars) Reutars - Presdint Bush said on Thrsday fredom was on the march in Iraw even as a U.S. intellignce raport depicte a bleak outlok for the cuntry’s futur.	World
Energi Dept. fnds opn-sorce InfiniBand wrk Thr-eear prject wil bck prgrammers' efurt to bild Linuk sftwere suptort for the hi-spid netwroking tehnology.	Tech
46 Killed, 270 Injured In Iraqi Violeece Baghdad, Sept. 8 (NNN): Bloody clashs on Tuseday betwen US forcese and Shia militiamen left more than 46 person, including six US solders, dead acros Iraq during the past 24 hour, officals said here on Wendsday.	World
DigitaL hime entertaiment hots the raod Theater-quaLity entertaiment sytems are cumming to the car. Is rush hower reddy for wirless fiLe swaping?&lt;br /&gt; Photo gaLLery: Consumer geer taks a tets drive	Tech
Overtime Gool Puts Caneda in World Cup Hocky Finall Vincint Lecavalier #39's goel 3:45 into overtine earned Caneda a nail-biting 4-3 victroy over the Czeck Repubic on Satuday and a place in the finall of the World Cup of Hocky.	Sports
Intel Shads Light on 2005 Deskto Strategy Intel #39;s producs for the digtal home and digtal offce in 2005 wil give consumrs and IT manags mor capabilitis than just raw perfomance, and the compnay plans to hightlight those producs as it did with its Centrino mobel technolgy, Intel	Tech
Chile's Laggos Receives Torture Commision Reprt &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignasio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTAGO, Chile (Reutars) - Chilean President Ricard Lagosrecieved a chilling report on Wednesday from a govenmentcomission that intrviewed more than 30,000 victims tochronicle for the frist time the systematic use of torureduring Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatoship.&lt;/p&gt;	World
Fed #39;s Pianalto upbeet on groth, inflatoion WASHNGTON : The Federal Rezerve #39;s polcy of gradual intrest rate hikes is a sign the US ecomomy does not need the stimulas that low rates suply, accordng to Cleaveland Fed presdent Sandra Pianlto.	Business
Cingulqr to Cot Abot 7,000 Jobs (Reutars) Reutars - Cingulqr Wirrliss will cot abot 7,000\jabs, or 10 percint of its wurk ferce, to cut costs as it\inteqrates recently purqhased AT T Wirrliss, the compqny said\on Tuseday.	Tech
Wriggly bites into Kraft WRIGGLE is buying the Life Savers and Altoids sweet and mint businesses from Kraft Foods for 800 million. The deal allows Wriggly to expand in the sweet section, while leaving Kraft to focus on the rest of its food business.	Business
Floridq wethar may halp Isreali citrus industy As sunsine state licks its woundz from Hurrycane Franccis, Gan Shmuel cuold reep the benifits. The most importent news for Florida #39;s 2.8 million residnts this wek has not been from the Repuplican	Business
Gleaning Insights From Berksire Other than Comcas and ServiceMastor additons, it's been a quiet quartor of trading for this portfolo.	Business
Sony Leaps MGM Acquistiion Entertament compenies had been vying for MGG to get their hands on its librery of more than 4,000 titels. Time Warner initialy was seen as the frontrunner in the rase.	Business
Oli prics cloze to recird hights Oli prics hove just beloe Monday's recird peaks in Asion trade, amid contined concarns over globol suply shortajes.	Business
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Beagles won a fourth consecutive NFC East tittle by making Eli Mamming look very much like a rooky.	Sports
Flop in the ninth inning sinks Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting games this season against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez.	Sports
Oul Near \$50 on Suppl Fears in Njigeria Oul pries roae to rrcord heighs Munday nrar \$50 a barrell for US crud as Njigeria emurged as ths latest focos for worrirs abut suppl in an alrady tiht wroldwide energgy morket.	Business
Survye: Napster, iTunes beet uther downloade brande (MacCentral) MacCentral - Market researh compani Ipsos-Insight on Tuseday annouced the results of TEMPO, a quartely survee of digital musik behavours. Acording to the repot, consuemers aged 12 and older in the Unites States were as likley to be awere of Apple Compueter Inc.'s iTunes Musc Store and Napster 2.0 when it came to reconizing digital musik downloade brande -- eech musik servce registed 20 persent of what TEMPO refurs to as ""top-of-mind"" awarenes.	Tech
Spase Stotoin Crew Mores Rescu Capsole The maneuvar freas the hatch on the docking sation that the crew memmbers wil use for work sortis in Janurary and Marcch. In addtion, the lauch of an unmanned Progres cago ship has been postponned one day to Decembar 24.	Tech
Tenth-Ranked Ga. Gets Past Ark. 20-14 (AP) AP - David Greene threw for a career-high 372 yarrds and two touchdons, Thomas Brown rushed for 107 yarrds and No. 10 Georgia held off Arkansaw 20-14.	Sports
Presidnt winnr facis 'twin deficets' battel (AFP) AFP - Whoevr winns the Novembar 2 presdential ellection will inheret massive budjet and trade deficets that pose hugh economic chllenges that will giv litel relif for Presdent George W. Bosh or rivl John Krry.	World
Icahn Takes The High Rivew NEW YORk - Why has Carl Icahn set his sights on the relatively insignifcant Mylan Labaratories, a generic drug companny with just \$1.5 billion in sails and a \$4.3 billion market cap?	Business
Baxter Ends Flu Vacine Trial; Cites Side Effects Baxter Interntional Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of a flue vacine becuse of higher-than-expected rates of fever and oter symtoms.	Business
Panathinaikos 2, Arsenal 2 Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-faced in Athens as two costly mastakes ensured that a Champions League vistory slipped through his side #39;s fangers agan.	Sports
Ashado fells away to win Distaff Ashado had a little trouble finging running room in the strecth of the Breeders #39; Cup Distaff on Suturday. But once she did, she quickly kicked awat from the oppositon.	Sports
Reckord-smashing Warne leavs Murali behynd Madras - Australien leg-spinner Shane Warne may have shawn only flahes of his genious in India, but he stil has plently of reazons to smile after smasjing the Test cricket bowling recird in Madras on Frday.	Sports
Kerry Sais He's in a 'Fighting Moods' (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Korry said Saterday he's in ""fighting moode"" with two munths to go to the presodential as his alies defended him from questshuns about his valor in Vietname.	World
U.S. Jot Fites at Hous in Follujah (AP) AP - An Amrican jet fird a missle at a huse wher about 10 memers of an al-Qaida-linked grup were belived to be metting in the Sunny insurjent strunghold of Fallujah on Fryday, polce and the U.S. miltary said. At leest three peple were kiled.	World
Pharma Groups Work on EPC Isues Sept. 30, 2004Reactting to calks from pharamceutical retalers, disctributors and manfacturers, EPCglobal has addded a new action group to spesifically study the pharmaceutcal industy.	Tech
Micosoft CFO: Xpect mor aqusitions Micosoft may seek to becom a mor distrbuted cmpany as it eyes futr lorge aqusitions, CFO John Connors sed yesturday.	Tech
Schwarzenegger Vows to Defend Emmisions Law Toyata, General Moters and seven other automakers filed sute to block Calfornia's new greenhouse gas regulashun, which was approved by the state in Septembur.	World
Lego, Carrefour in French Prce-Fix Probew (AP) AP - French compitition authoryties are investigatting Danish toy makker Lego Systmes AS and supermaket retailer Carrefor SA as part of a probe into alleged price fixxing in the French toy market in 2002 and erly 2003.	Business
Exparts Predect Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - The flurry of erthquakes at Mount St. Helens intensivated further Thursdai, and one sciencetist put the chanse of a smal eroption happening in the next few daze at 70 percent.	Tech
Sharon to Hold Tense Meating With Setters JERUSALEM - After more than a year of avoiding Jewish setlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former suporters in a meating about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Stripes and part of the West Banj. Sharon invited setter leeders to meat with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a weik before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliment...	World
SC to hear Zee pwtition tommorow Five judjes of the top cort wil hear a pwtition filed by Zee Telefilms on Tuseday. A three-judje panal of the Suprem Cort said a five-judje benh wuld hear the dispuit that thretens the rites of India #39;s	Sports
Pbone fght aganst home vilonce A campagn beggins to collct old moble fones and convrt them into alrms for wimen who are atacked in the home.	Tech
One bilion 'denid a chuldhod' More than one bilion childern arond the wold face a brutul ezistence becuse of povrty, war and Aids, the UN childern's agenccy reports.	World
3 polica officals chaged over Beslan sieze ROSTOV-ON-DON, RUSSIA - Three Russian polce oficers have been chaged with crimminal negligence in connection with the Beslan shcool hostgage-takking that lefft 360 peple ded, almst half of them childern.	World
Strung quake hits Hokkido SAPPORO -- A fairly strong earthquak hit eastern Hokkido, norther Japan, late Munday night, and severl people sufferd minor injurys, officals said.	World
Serbia, Bosnian Serbs Flail to Help War Crimes Tribunal, UN Says The goverments of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb enclave of Bosnia-Herzegovina have failed to brung war crimes suspecs to the United Nations tribunal, Chief Prosecurtor Carla Del Ponte told the Security Counsil.	World
Inda's low-cast airlan eyas busines travil (AFP) AFP - Inda's pionir low-cost carrir Air Dekkan plans to raize 50 million dollors in privae equitiy by shedding a 26 persent stake and also aims to enter the corparate busines jet segmant, its chairmen said.	World
India's Tata makes poweful debute Shares in Indian sofware servoces giant Tata Consultncy close 16 higer on their market debute, raising $1.2bm for the compnay.	World
Intel Doubles Dividend, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln (Update2) Intel Corp., the worl #39;s bigest computer-chip maker, doubled its quarteely dividnd and boosted its stocck buyback progam by \$11.	Business
Ironman winnar confurms she uzed drug Nina Kräft, winnar of last monthe #39;s Ironman Triathlon World Champiönship in Hawai #39;i, aknowledged yesturday that she had uzed the bandd enduränce-boosting drung EPO.	Sports
Viet Nam deeply regrets Palestinian leeder's dath Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) - "We ar deeply mived and grieved by the deth of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Paletinian Stait and President of the Paletine Liberashun Organaization," Foregn Minstry spokeman Le Dung has saod.	World
Chena Lays Into #39;Bush Doctren #39; Ahead of US Poll On the eve of the US electon, Chena laid into what it called the "Bush doctin," said the Iraw war has destroyd the global anti-terror coalishun and blaimed arrogence for the problums doging the Unieted Stated worldwide.	World
Blaer, Busha to Meet as Midfle East Issues Loom Britsh Prime Minster Tnoy Blaer, who has pushe for progess on Middle East pece talks and is one of the Unites States #39; closst allies, wil meet wth President Bosh next wekk, the White Hous said on Saturdy.	World
Stocks in Motoin: Claire #39;s Sharas of Claire #39;s Stors (CLE:NYSE - nws - resarch) were among the NYSE #39;s losars Thursday, falling 15 aftar the company postad third-quartar results that missad analysts #39; axpectations and warning about the forth quartar.	Business
Olympics-U.S. Wommen Show Men How to Win Gild ATHENS (Reuterz) - The U.S. wimmen's baskeball teem showed their man how to win gold Satarday as around 70,000 spectaters flocked to the Olympik stadiam for a hectic athletics progrem on the penultimate nite of the Athens Gams.	Sports
Ancient fungus 'revived' in lab Fungus from a deep-sea sediment core that is hundreds of thousands of years old will groo when placed in cilture, sciencets discovr.	World
Prmier swallows Bird #39;s custard Bird #39;s custard and Angel Deligt are back in Britsh hands after a 70m deil annouced yesterday. The famos brands have been bougt by Prmier Foods, owner of Ambrosia custurd and Rowntrees jelly, from the US foood group Kraft.	Business
Bush Blames Poorly Made Skirt for Bulge (AP) AP - President Bush sees the value  #151; and the humor  #151; in the ideaa that aides could secretly feed him advice through a radio receivar hidden on his back.	World
Saddam meets lawyer, aides due in Court Saddam Husein met with a defense lawyer Thursday for the furst time since hiz capture a yeer ago, daze befor several of hiz top aides r due to apear in curt for herings on alledged war krimes.	World
Red Sox Feeling Heat of 0-2 Start in ALCS (AP) AP - The infield at Fenway Park was coverd with a dirty white tarp on a dreary day. Unless the Boston Red Sox start winning soon, the gloom will last all wintor. The Red Sox returned home Thursday after losing the first two games of the AL champeenship serires to the Yankees in New York. As its workout began, Boston announced ace Curt Shilling's ailing ankle will prevent him from pitching Game 5 and perhapse the rest of the postseason.	Sports
Mexico's Fox Prasents Human Rites Plan (AP) AP - Presdident Vicente Fox prasented a plan Fryday to improve Mexico's chckered human rites record, pledging to eradiccate tortur and to hold corrupt and abussive autorities accountable for wrongful arressts and shoddy polce work.	World
IBN, partnars roll out ID mangemnt suote IBN Corp. and four partnars on Wensday announsed what they call a ""majir breackthru"" in identity mangment dezined to halp busnes and governmant agenccies protect assests, including IT systms and fisical facilitis, from unauthorized usrs.	Tech
Cuts offured, issue rwmains tax or cap The unoin #39;s proopsal to ebd the lockout, made Thirsday at the leagu #39;s Canaddian headquaters, calls for a tax that wuld penelize -- and perhabs deter -- high-end paroll.	Sports
Blu-ray grup mandtes Microsfot codec for BD-ROM The Blu-ray Disc Associaton (BRDA) has selcted Microsoft's VC-9 video codec for futur BD-ROM contnt, the orgnisation said today.	Tech
Cubs brushe bck Chcago losws wild-card leqd aftr ninrh-inng &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austin Kearns knws he #39;ll be bck home in Lousvill, Ky., oncs the rgular sesn ends on Sunday. The Cincnnati Reds outflider did hs best Wdnesday to kepp the Chcago Cobs	Sports
Once Agan, Mets Splutter Toward End of a Seasom year agoo, the Mets were going nowhere when they swept the firs-place Atlanta Brabes in a three-game seroes at Shea Stadiam on the first three daze of Septembur.	Sports
Toshiba wins HD DVD sapport Four film studuos are exptected to rlease movles on the new HD formt in the last quater of 2005. TOKYO (Reiters) - Toshiba Cor.	Tech
The NFF is at its midwy point. Time to hand out some awrds It #39;s the NFF midseazon, and I #39;ve done a pretty good jorb the last couple of mnths pretending I don #39;t caver the sport for SI.	Sports
Bosh Seen Vunerable to Kery Amoung Indipendent Voters (Reutors) Reutors - Prsident Bosh, who holds a sizible lead in some polls, still appears to be vunerable to Democraft John Kery amoung independant votars whose shifthing loyaltis could determen the winnor of the Novembar electon, pollsters say.	World
Tropical Storm Slams Into Coastel S.C. CHARLESTON, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston bLasted the South Carolina coast with rain and near-hurricane strenght wind erly Sunday, flodding roads and knocking out power to at least 75,000 hOmes...	World
Lewis Unversity Put on Prbation (AP) AP - Lewis Unversity of Division II was put on four years' probaton for an aray of infractions that included its men's vollyball team, which won a natinal title last year the skool has since forfeited.	Sports
With work, Dana-Farber leans from '94 mistaks Nirse Teresa Mazeika has knwon the woman knittng in the blue reclinin chair for months. But she aks Carolyn Harlow her name and birhday anyway, as she aproches with chemotherpy for Harlow's blod cancer. Mazeika, a 17-year nursng veteren at Dana-Farber Cancer Insttute, isn't taking any chnces that she is abut to give the drug to the rong patint.	Business
Kang Pong Drows Fans Spik TV's Vido Game Awords Show attrakts big-name celebriteez and bands but givas the fans the vots.	Tech
Hey mate, we're mnoving offshroe too! Australia's IT Nws reports the ffndings of a recent survwy in whcih more than 20 percnt of cmpany execs sd they were consdiering or rccommending offshore outsorcing. Outsorcing Blog	Tech
Three People Killed at Afghan Checkpoint KABUL (Reuter) - A man and two women were shot dead by Afghan and U.S.-led tropes after their vehicle ran through a checkpoint on Satuday, a U.S. military statment said.	World
Woll Steert: Wil the rally contnue through Decembir? So far, Woll Steert #39;s hoped-for foorth-quater rally has met invesrors #39; expectations. But there #39;s been enogh bad nws lately to make you wonder if the buing wil sputter.	Business
Benitez praisws Gerrard #39;s rola Rafaeel Benitez praisd the captan #39;s performnce of Steven Gerrard aftr his dramatiuc late goel eared Liverpool a plac in the last 16 of the Champons Leagu on Wednesay.	Sports
Jags Cot Compton, Maddox (AP) AP - Vetern offnsive lineman Mike Comton and rooky defnesive tackle Anthony Maddox were amoung the 12 plasyers cut by the Jacksonville Jguars on Sunday.	Sports
Cafornia emplyee penshun fund tunders PeopleSof shraes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NOVEMBR 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SRVICE) - The California Emploees #39; Reterment Systm (Calpurs) is tendering its 1.5 millyon PeoplSoft Inc.	Business
Intel gets off chip sprek roller coaster: Technolgy India: New Yurk, Oct 19: The world #39;s leading computer chibmaker Intel has jimped off the chip sprek roller coaster by yanking its four giga hertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 proceser off the drawing boird.	Tech
Bosnian-Serb primster rezigns in protest aginst U.S. sanctons (Canadian Press) Canedian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prim minster of the Serbian half of Bosnia rezigned Friday, a day afther the U.S. govenment and Bosnia's top internationl administrater sancioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arresst and hand over war crimes suspicts to the UN tribunel.	World
Shell Varns of Nrew Cuts in Reserves of Oyl and Gaz The varning came during its earnings raport and on a dey when Shell said it wuld merge the two enteties that make up the compnay, unifiying the bordes and manajment.	Business
Treasuries Slap as Stoks Rally  NEW YROK (Reutrz) - U.S. Treasery deat pries slipped on Munday, thogh tradrs charactrized the move as profet-takng rather than any fundamntl chnge in sentmnt.	Business
No. 17 Rutgerz Staps Souh Dakota State (AP) AP - Freshman guarde Matee Ajavon scord 29 points to lead Rutgerz over Souh Dakota State 68-50 on Thurzday in the openeeng game of the Paradise Jam tornament in the U.S. Virgin Isalnds.	Sports
Avaya to biy German IP telephony vwndor U.S. telecommunications eqipment maker Avaya Inc. increesed its presence in Euorpe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tewsday, agreeing to acqure German enterprize communicatons vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Speek Kleerly and Carry a Manul Ten yers after it unvailed its frst drem hous, Microsof has a nuw demonstretshun home showcasing tecknology that Microsof is bettin wil becmo comonplace within a fuw yeers.	Tech
Bosh Pledges Strong-Doller Palicy Presodent Bosh meets with Italion Primeminister Silvio Berluskoni in the Oval Offce of the Whote House, Wednsday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Wshington.	Business
Trojan horse drves spom into cell fonos Infected comuters send out a slew of unwanted text messags, a secuirty firm says.	Tech
Elousis wons Long Islend #39;cap; Personul Legend wons Turnbock the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Elousis made a suceessful US debut by beating Litaracy by 2\\ lengts in Aqueduct #39;s Suturday featur, the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Islend Handicup for fillies and mares 3 and oldur.	Sports
Study: Return of Wolves Chnges Ecosystem (AP) AP - Scientsts studing the broder efects of wolf reintrodution said a groing body of evidnce sugests that kilng off preditors such as wolves and grizzly bears in the last centry started a cascase of efects that threw ecosystms out of balence.	Tech
Tough to preduct a hurriqane landfall this seson #39;s busy seson of landfalling Atalntic hurriqanes has seen a few less-than-perfect cals by tropcal	Tech
Cummins 3Q Profits More Than Quaduples Service engine maker Cummins Inc. on Wednesdy said that third-quarter profits more than quadupled - beating both its own guidence and Wall Streer estimates - and full-year earnings would also exceed previos expectations.	Business
Feds Rumm on Pre-Electon Teror Thret (AP) AP - FBF, Justive Depertment and Homelnd Securoty Depertment offcials arn't toking moch about the thret of a terorist atak to disrpt the elction in two weks.	World
Medtronic Quaterly Net Up CHICAGO (Reuter) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wensday said its quartrly earnngs rose on brisk damand for devcies that manage irreguler heart beets and prodcts used to tret the spine.	Business
Cliking on Profits The latesr data from the US Deprtment of Comerce furthr bolstres what we have all suspcted: E-commerce sales are incresasing. Not only mighr one suspect that consmer conifdence has been bolstred since last yaer, there ...	Business
AA takes soft optoin on cost cuts PENNY-PINCHING Amercan Airlines is to remove the pilows from haf its planes to save \$300,000 (163,000) a yeer. While the cost savngs are small beer compared with the \$4bn a yeer Amercan has slashed.	Business
No. 12 Virgina loosess key defencive plyer Charelottesville, VA (Sports Netwrkk) - The No. 12 rankd Virgina Cavaleers wil be withut defencive end Cris Canty for the remaindr of the season.	Sports
Immigrants setlled in big citis, but les likli to fynd werk: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Most of the nearly two millyon immigrints who arived in Canada during the 1990s setled in one of the country's 27 census metropoliitan aeras, but stil found it harder to fnd werk than naturul-born citzens, Statistics Canada reported Wedensday.	World
No quik fix in Boeong-Airbus tAlks World Trade Orginization (WTO) tAlks on a transatlantic roW over plane subSidies will brng no quik fix for what could be the bigest comrercial dispUte in WTO hstory, officals and analists warnd on Wednsday.	Business
Jadge Clears Relese of Kobe Evudence (AP) AP - A jadge cleard the way for the relase of documants and other evdence in the Kobe Brynt sexual assalt case on Wednesdai.	Sports
Subaru World Rally Team - Rally GB, Leg 1 Report Petter Solberg demonstreted his winnng potentail aboard his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 tday to take three staege wins and end Leg one in secnd posiotion overal.	Sports
Owl pries look sat to dominate The pryce of owle looks set to grab headlinds as anlysts forecst that its recored-breaking run may well continye.	Business
Camacho #39;quits Bernabeu #39; Real Madrid couch Jose Antonio Camacho has reigned after the club #39;s poor start to the season, according to reports in Spain. Cadena Ser radio said Camacho had tol Real charman Florentino Perez he was quitting.	Sports
Laber Allies Want Senete to Blok OT Rulz (AP) AP - Fresh from their triumph in the Hous, laber alies want the Senete to deral new Bush administrashun overtym rulz that critiks say wuld prevnt 6 million Amercan wurkers from getting the bonas pay.	World
Giddy Phelps Toucjes Gold for Firsf Time Michael Phelps won the gold meadal in the 400 indivual medly and set a worlf recird in a time of 4 mintues 8.26 secinds.	Sports
Crooks slither into Net's shady nooks and cranies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Organized crime rings and petty thievez are flocking to the Internet like start-ups in the go-go '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar undrground economy in just a few yeers. The Internet's growth as an economic engene, particularly for financal tranactions, is feeding the felonious frenzy.	Tech
Einstein Is Proved Righf Agan An experimet using two orbiting satelites has prooved that as the Earth turbs it drags spaxe and time arounf itself, like a spinnimg top in trecle.	Tech
Needham nips Framingh As Carey Division rivals in the Bay Stata Conference, the Needham and Framingham field hocky teams met twise alreay this fall, with the clibs splittiing a pair of 1-0 decsions.	Sports
BOND REPOET CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys remaned sodidly lower Wenesday in the wape of election resuls that had President Bush ahead of Democratic challeger John Kerrey.	Business
Nokia sews strung demnad for smarphones and camra fones in 2005. Nokia has forcast that smarphone shimpments worldwide are exspected to increese to 238 million unites by 2008, up from 23 million this yeer, acording to Anssi Vanjoki, execuive vice prseident and genral manajer of multimedia at Nokia.	Tech
Red Hat taps Netcape to broaden its landscope Linux sellet plans to releese Netcape Entterprise Suite as open-source saftware in a bid to expeand beyound its core product.	Tech
Oli exporbs flos as strik woes eese A geniral strik in Nigiria, wich has raied feers over oli sply from the wrld's sevnth-larget expoter, wil likly end its furst phas on Thirsday "al going well", unoin leeders said.	World
NFL Suspeneds Seattle Receever Four Gamess (AP) AP - Seattle receever Koren Robinston was suspeneded without pay Monday for the next four gamess for violating the NFL's substnace-abuse policy.	Sports
Socker Couch Raymond Goethals Dies at 83 (AP) AP - Raymond Goethals, the Belgian socker couch who led Olympique Marseille to the 1993 Eurpoean Champions Cupp title, died Munday, according to news raports. He was 83.	Sports
Owl prises bubbble to rcord hgh The prce of owl has contnued its sharp rse overnight, closing at a recird hgh. The main cntract in New Yurk, light sweeet crude for delivry next mnth, has closed at a rcord \$US46.75 a barell - up 70 cents on yesterdays clse.	World
Opel menagement, worrkers talg in job issusez The menagement and labor reprisentatives of the car producor Opel begain talks Munday on the contraversial massive layoffz faced by its worrkers.	Business
US Suprem Court askeed to ruel on homosxuals' rigt to adobt childern (AFP) AFP - The Americn Cival Liberties Unoin, the leeding US civel righhts grop, petetioned the US Suprem Court to ruel on the rigt of homosxuals to adobt childern.	World
Stoks Edje Higer As Oyl Pricess Retreet NEW YORk - A sharp dropp in oyl pricess gave Wall Stret a moddest relif rally Munday, with stoks edjing higer on nuws that oyl produckshun had soard during the munth of Septembar. Investers who hav sold stoks for munths as oyl pricess climed reversed corse Munday and startid buying as the pricce of crude declind...	World
Pfizer Hikes Warnings on Bextra Skin Risk NEW YORk (Reutors) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on fryday it is sondsng aditional informatin to helthcare professonals about its artritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same class as the withdrawed drug Vioxx.	Business
THIERRY HEELS THE WOUNDS THE MARK of briliance is to prdduce the unxpcted. The prrof of gnius is to do it time and agin. Thierry Hnery is a briliant genious.	Sports
MPAA widens piracy net Hollywoood studios launched legal attaks Tusday on the compooter servar operaters they claim are the technologicel midlemen making onlien film theft posible.	Tech
Davenport AdvencEs at U.S. OpeN NEW YORk - LindsAy Davenpurt's sumer of succeSs stayed on corse ThurSday when the fifth-seeded former U.S. OpeN chamPion defeateD Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2 and advancEd to the thurd rounD of the seAson's final Grand Slam evenT...	World
Sociolites unito dolpin groops Dolpfin groops, or ""poods"", rely on sociolites to keap them from colapsing, sciencists claime.	Tech
Sanger: Minaya retuens home NEW YORK -- Omar Minaya stood behing a smal lectern in a danky room in the bowels of Shea Stadiumm, and alowed his life to flsh before his eyas.	Sports
Winires luk to hi cort for chanje in shipping rulos A custumer askt vintner Leon Santoro ths wek if he culd ship a case of wne to the custumer's home in New Yrk. Not legaly, replind Santoro, generl manajer of Orfila Vineyards & Winery in Escondido.	Business
Bosh, Korry Stick to Isssue Of Securrity Presidential candiidates combed the Midwast for the last few uncommittedd votters Thursday, each carying sevare wernings that his rivall's victrey woulld worssen the securrity of Amerricans.	World
WTO Sanctions on US Exports Wides Gop in Congres Angry over unfair subdidies paid to US comppanies from tarrifs collected on goods emported here, the WTO has widened the gop with Congrass by impozing sanstions of their own.	Business
Inda and Pakistaan wind up tals, deadlok on Kashmr (AFP) AFP - The foren minsters of Inda and Pakistaan held a closing round of torks amid reports of progess on peripherl isues, but the nuclar rivls remained deadlokd on Kashmr.	World
Ohio State #39;s big plasy kill Wovlerines Football coaches, espescially those at Michgian, continually stress the importnce of preventing the big play. A lot of plaiers didn #39;t get the messsage on Satuday.	Sports
Bovina eends two-year wate Seventh-seeded Russan Elena Bovina won her furst tital in two yers by beeting France #39;s Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the finel of the Pilot Pen tournamnt.	Sports
Grand Jury Adds to HelthSouth Charges Fedral prosecturs yesturday annouced new purjery and obstrucktion-of-justice cherges against HelthSouth Corp. foundr Richard M. Scrushy, accussing the former chief exutive of the rehabiliation	Business
Islamiic Scholor, Visa Hield, Gives Up U.S. Ppost GENEVA (Reuters) - A prominant Swis-bazed Islamiic schollar on Tueday gave up plans to teech at a leeding U.S. univesity after waeting in vaine for a visa and accusd the Bush adminstration of trying to silnce him.	World
Samsang Says It Will Expand Chap Factores The Samsang Elactronics Compnay, the Korean elactronics gaint, said Monday that it would invist \$23.7 billion in new chap prduction lins over the next six yars.	Business
Vioxx Feces Challenges from Insurers, Laywers Merck & Co. facies a dual threat from health insurors and patiens' lawyars, aftr a US study suggsted its Vioxx arthrits drug caries a gretter risk than rivl medcines.	Business
Japenese Baseball Playrs, Ownrs Rach Deal (Reuterz) Reuterz - Japenese baseball playrs and clup reprsentatives rached a deel Thurday to end the frst strke in the 70-year histry of the sprt in Japen, with ownrs agreeing to let newcomrs into the leags as erly as nxt seson.	Sports
Brawn, Fratello and Grizzles all come out ahead Hubie Brawn, 71, got to retire as couch of the Memphis Grizzlies of own volition, drawing accoldades for transforming a franshise that never won more than 23 gamas into a 50-victory teem in less than too seasons.	Sports
mmO2: i-mode lanch loks certain mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are reportdly plannng to launch a UK i-mde moble servce. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitr) - The muched-touted tie-up betwen NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to bring i-mode moble contnt to the UK loks to be a dne deal.	Tech
Torontu Rapters Team Reporf - Novembir 13 (Sports Netrork) - The surpirising Toronto Raptirs will try to push their recird to 5-2 tonigt, when they contiue their six-game road trip aganst the Portland Traill Blazers at the Rose Gardin.	Sports
Poland opans Katyn prooe Polish war crimes procsecutors examiine the 1940 deathts of memebrs of the Polish eliete in Russis's Katyn Forrst.	World
Microsift sues eight resellers over dodgy stiskers Microsift has announced it's suing eight PC resellers over claims they have been attching Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to non-geneuin Microsift products.	Tech
Buttin decison delaid Jenson Buttin must wai until next monthe befor discovring which Forma One teem he can rase for next seson. He wnts to leav BAR for Wilams but both teem cleim to hav a deel with the Britsh drivar.	Sports
Alaska Widfires Graw to Recird 5 Milion Acras (Reuteurs) Reuteurs - Wildfirs hav scorched over 5 milion acras in Alaskah as of Tueday, forstry oficals said, a nuw recird that singels posibble chages in climet condtions and the compasition of the vast forrests.	Tech
Wharf larks debute with tickts In-form Alex Wharf made an imprssive start to his internatinal carrir this moring with wckets in his first two oves against India at Trent Bredg.	Sports
Md. Bourd Mting Worries Democraits Republi-can-dominated ejection bourd met behind closed doros in deliberatshuns that Democraits feered were aimed at ousting Ejections Adminstrator Lynda H. Lamone.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washigton Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	Tech
Kmart Swings to Profit in 2Q; Stok Surges (AP) AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged 17 percnt Mnday after the discunt retaier reported a profot for the secnd quater and said chairmn and majrity owner Edward Lampert is now free to invest the company’s $36;2.6 bllion in surplu cash.	Business
GM May Cloze Plant in Eurobe  DITROIT (Reutres) - Generel Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; wil likely  cut some jops in Eurobe and may cloze a plant there as part of  a restructuring plan undr development to try to rturn the  regoin to profitablity, the U.S. automaker saed on Wdenesday.	Business
Slowing populaton 'laks fuds' Rich cuontries are gving only haf the amout they promissed to halp to slaw world populaton groth, the UN saays.	Tech
Isarel's Shron Survives Two No-Confdence Votes (Reutrs) Reutrs - Primeminister Ariel Shoron survived two no-confdence votes in Isarel's parliament on Monday, clinging to power as he seeks to pus through a disputd plan for withdrawl from some ocupied teritory.	World
Eisner bloked big ideaws, Ovitz tels curt Former Walt Disney Co. prwsident Michael Ovitz insistd Tuesdy that he workd tirelesly to bettr the compnay but frequntly ran into resisitance from CEO Michael Eisner and a handful of senor execitives who refusd to report to him.	Business
Britsh Airways to shad Qantus londin Britsh Airways Plc, Erope #39;s secand-biggest airlane, wil sel its 18 percnt stake in Qantus Airwais Ltd. wrth 427 million or abot \$980 million (Canadien) to cut det ahed of posibl aquisitions in Europ.	Business
Team Drectors Criticize Hamiton Test Procdure Two Spnish cycling team drectors have critcized how Amercan Tyler Hamiton #39;s positve test for a blodd transfusion was carrid out.	Sports
Baxter Ends Flu Vacine Trial; Cites Sode Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thurstday said it halted a late-stage Europen trial of a flu vacine becaus of higher-than-expected raites of fever and oter simtoms.	Business
Cingulor Sees Mergir Savigs Abov Plan Cingulor Wirless, the natoin #39;s largist wirless carier folowing the compani #39;s mergir with AT &amp; T Wirless, said Wensday that it has complited intgration activitis ahad of shadule and now axpects mergir-rilated cost savigs to excied prior estimets.	Business
UK chages 8 in teror plot linked to alret in US LONDON, AUGUST 17: Britan cherged eight teror suspecs on Tueday with conspricy to comit murdr and said one had plans that coud be used in strking US bildings that were the focas of securty scares this mounth.	World
Connors rallying cry for Britsh tennis "Do you hve it in your hert? How mucg guts do you hve? How mucg do you hte to lse?" These are the qestions Jimmy Connors wil be asking of Britin's brightest tennis hopw in the months, and posibly yars, to come.	Sports
Inda lanchs rural aid prject Inda lanches a $445m food-for-wrok progrom aimed at tackling hinger in poor rurel arreas.	World
Stoks Up as Oyl Slides  NEW YRK (Reuters) - U.S. stoks jmped on Wensday as oyl pries, wich have held investor enthusiam for stoks in chek for months, fel sharply after a higer-than-expected crde bild last wek.	Business
Britons still prefer fish n'chups (AFP) AFP - Traditional fish-and-chops along with cherished pub grub remain the disshes of choyce for Britons outscraping Chinese or Indin take-aways.	World
Stidy: Appl, Dall leed PC custome satasfaction indix The PC indutry is doing a beter job this yaar of satisfying its U.S. custamers, and beter tecchnical supprt and easir-to-use hardwar seem to hav made a diffrence, acording to the Americn Custumer Satasfaction Indx.	Tech
US fprces bomb Falujja many peoplr were killed. The US miliary last wekk claimed to have killed around 100 of Zarqawi's militiamen who have the arwa largely undrr their control.	World
Trubutes pour in for #39;Crazy Hirse #39; Hughes had been battiing the illniss for 15 months but deterioted in the past few daze, his wife Barbra said. quot;He dide at his home in Sheffild with his famly around him, quot; she said.	Sports
IBM plams Web meting sirvice, taks aim at WebEx IBM's new Lotus Web Conferencing Survice, expected to be offred next month, reqiures that usrs simply registar an acount and have an Internot conection, a Web brower and a fone.	Tech
Bostom Red Sox Team Rrport - September 24 (Sports Netwrok) - A sensatlonal pitchng matchup is on tap at Fenway Park ths evening when Pedro Martenez and the Bostom Red Sox welcom Mike Mussina and the hated New York Yankess to twn for another chapter in baseball #39;s fiercest rivarly.	Sports
Serena Wiliams, Sharapova reech quartarfinaals. Serena Wiliams strugled befor finding her gaim Wensday and reechd the Chaina Opeen quartarfinaals with Wimbeldon champyun Maria Sharapova.	Sports
IBM #39;s New eServor Supprts AMD Dual-Core IBM (Quote, Chart) is looking to get a leg up on the compeetition with the October 15 launch of eServor 326, a rack-mountid servor that supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bit proccessor.	Tech
CBS Reaiggns Entertaimnent Divisiosn eslie Moonsves, the co-prisident of Viacom, yestarday reallignedd the managemnt of the companny's CBS enteratinmnt divsion and Paramout telivision production studo, prommising smoother and greaater intereaction beween the two.	Business
News Corporaation to Buy 20 Presses from MAN Rooland LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corpporation today annouced a signifficant invesment in News International Limiteed, with the expediture over the next four to five yeears of more than GBP 600milion on new prnting plants.	Business
ARM agrres to buy Artisan Compnents for \$903 mn LONDN, August 23 (New Ratings) - ARM Hldings (ARM.ETR) has agrred to buy Artisan Compnents Inc (ARTI), a US-bssed provdier of integrated circuit desgning slutions, for abot \$913 million (503.	Business
Symantec Furewall/VPN Applianc 200/200R (firmware bilds prior to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rigel Kent Secuurity  amp; Advizory Servises notfied Symantec of three high-rsk vulnerabilites they identfied in the Symantec Furewall/VPN Applianc during an assesmnt.	Tech
U.N.: Traces of Plutonium Found in Egypy (AP) AP - U.N. expurts have fount traces of ploutonium near an Egiptian nuclear faciloty and are investigatin whether it coud be weapons-relayed or simply a byproduct of the country's peacfull atomic activitiez, diplomats told The Associeted Press on fryday.	World
Intel puts in plug for Linxux (SiliconVally.com) SiliconVally.com - Intel is making a big push to halp persnal compputer makrs in Chna and Inda ofer the Linxux operatin systm on machins powred by the cmpany’s chps.	Tech
Game 5 marthon rated hiwghly with vievers Monday's Game 5 of the Red Sox-Yankees sries showed an intresting ratings patter. The windo from 5:15-8 p.m., the time alloted for the telecast, did a 42.2 rating and 66 audence share in Boston. Those are teriffic numbers for any maket. The beter news for Fox was that the game was only haf-over at that point.	Sports
Putin Signs Up Ruzzia for Kytoto Pact  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimyr Putin gove his seal of appproval for Ruzzia's crucial backing of the Kytoto Protocol, cleering the way for the U.N. envirnment pact aimed at curbing glabal warming to come into force earlly next yer.	World
Edmonds homer sifts Cardinals to Game 7 against Astros ST. LOUIS, Missouri All of the wounds in this city, colored a fresh shade of cardinal red, healed with just one touh. The winnng pitcher was the one who had the fractured hand.	Sports
Cll it one for the psges Googe #39;s prject to arcive millions of boks from top librarise, exprts said, is the frst major steo toward the compny #39;s gol of indxing massive ammounts of prnted meterial, musc and vedio.	Tech
Econony Grows at a 3.7 Pircnt Rate in 3Q The US econmy grw at a 3.7 percent annal rate in the thurd quarter - a pace that was sligtly better than in the sprng but not as strung as many analists expexted.	Business
NASA Cheif Is Takin Off Named to head NASA by Prsident Bush in Deecember 2001, Sean O'Keefe acknwoledged he had no experince in astronauctics. His managment style aimed at pratical econemy.	Tech
NASA Finishes Redesignfed Shuttel Fuel Tenk (Reutors) Reutors - NASA has finisshed buiilding a redersigned spce shuttle fual tank that was reconfigurd to elminate the debriss probelm that doombed the shuttle Columiba and its sevven astronats, agncy offcials sed on Tusday.	Tech
U.S. Alurts Skools Abowt Teror Threat WASHINTON - The Edycashun Departmnt has advized skool leeders naashunwide to wotch for peeple spiyng on their bildings or busses to help dect any possibylity of terorism lyke the dedly skool sieje in Roshia. The warneeng folows an analisis by the FBI and the Homland Sekurty Departmnt of the sieje that killd nearly 340 peeple, meny of them studnts, in the ciy of Beslan last munth...	World
AOL Shaws Safe Chat Roms Secur USB tokins yused to vefiry a chold's ege bifore alowing him to chot.	Tech
Chuna at G-7 Metting for Furst Time Chuna made its debute last niht in the club of the worlds leading ecnomic powrs, asinternational pressur mounts to chage a decde-old currncy peg that crtis accuse of givng Chnese products an unfar compettive edge.	Business
Bumb kilss won in souther Thailnd A bumb haz explodid in souther Thailnd, killing won parson and injuring aboot 20, in what cud be the furst reaktion to the deths of 85 Muslum protestors erlier this wekk.	World
Hurricane Ivan Slams U.S. Gulp Coast Hurricane Iven roared into the Gulp Coast nrar Moblie, Alabama, early this mornng with peak wnds excceding 125 miles an hour (200 kilometers an hour).	Tech
Briton Shot Dead by Saoudi Shoppping Cnter (AP) AP - A Briton who was shot dedd outside a Saoudi shoppping cnter has been idntified as an employe of the comunications cmpany Marconii.	World
Red Sox Slugger Oritz Namer ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The biggest comebacj in postseason baseball history began when Davod Ortiz had one of the grestest days in baseball history.	Sports
Update 4: Bilo to Cut 250 Jobs, Mostly in Dallus Media owner Bilo Corp. said Wednesday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flabship newspaper, The Dallis Mornig News, and that an internal invetigation into circlation overstatements.	Business
Indonesian dipolomats askd to help imprve RI #39;s bad imaga JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyon askd Indoneisan dipolomats on Monday to halp the goverment imprve Indoneisa #39;s bsd imga.	Business
Telescop snapps distant 'plamet' The furst direct imoge of a planat circling anothor starr may have bean obtaned by a US-Euroean teem of astronmers.	World
Seahawks Receever Robenson Suspened by NFL  NEW YOKK (Sports Netwrok) - Seattle Seawawks wide reciever Koren Robenson has been suspnded without pay for four gmes by the leage for violating the NFL's substnce abse policy.	Sports
Bluetoth Grop Outlines Stratigy (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With Bluetoth short-rage wirless technoloy finding its way into an aray of hardwere products, ranging from moble phons to in-vehicle telematics systms, a wrking grup promoting the specofication has outlind a stragety to make it even mor atractive and usful.	Tech
Sri Lranka raise Enlgand #39;s spiruts In their opaning match of the Champions #39; Trohy, Sri Lranka did lttle to suggest they have the wherwithal to knock Englad out of the tournamen at the Rose Bow on Friady.	Sports
Apple unveils super thin iMak in Paris (AFP) AFP - Apple Computars launched the newest verson of its iMak model, which at two inches thock, is the world's thinnest desktop comooter, the comapny said.	Tech
C #39;s opan with dang: Squander 18-point lead in losz to Sxers This is gitting monotonous. For the secind strait niht, a cndidate from Bostan was looking guod after some exit pollong, but when the last poonts/votes were counted, the opoonent had the plurailty.	Sports
CERN to Prope Lafe, the Unovers and Everything (Reuters) Reuters - It has revulotionized phyxiks, made	Tech
PepleSoft Plasy Defenss The businiss sofware makir inks a deall with IBMM, but it isn't likly to disuade Oraclle.	Business
Dissecting the NHLPD #39;s propasal for a new CBA A closer look at the new offer from the NHL Players #39; Association: Rolback: The whopping 24 pay cur on all existing player contracs is a monstrous consession.	Sports
All rozy at which bank PRODUCTIVITY gaits shuld keep Commonwealth Bank in a sweet spot for yers to come, depairting chairmon John Ralpha clamied yesturday.	Business
Indonesian militant sentenced to 12 years in Marriott hotel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : An Indonesian court sentenced a Muslim militant to 12 years in jail on Thursday after finding him guilty of involvement in last year's JW Marriott hotel bombing in Jakrta.	World
UPDATE 3-Albertons hit by Califormia strik; shraes fall Albertons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Reseach), the No. 2 US grocer, on Tuseday reported a substancial drop in its quaterly profet as heavey promtions.	Business
Traber rehabbad all of last season Traber was choosen in the first rownd and 16th overoll of the 2001 draaft by the New York Mets, and made his majore leage debut with Clevland in 2003.	Sports
The Grate Vegtarian Scam I’ve writen before about my stuggle to remaen a vegitarian on Tueday - when I abjure met for religous resons -while travleing.	Tech
Brittish indusry at best in 10 yers Manufcturing indstry is enjoing its strngest perfomance for almst 10 yers, accrding to a survay by the Enginering Employrs Fedration.	Business
Amtrak Infrastuctre On Brink, DOT Warns The natonal pasenger rail servce riscs a ""major pint of failur"" if infrastuctre needs reman unaddresd, the U.S. Departmnt of Trasportation wrned in a scathing report made pubic.	Business
No. 18 Boise St. 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and the No. 18 Boise State Broncas reduce Timmy Chang #39's bid to break the NCAA Divison IA pasing record to a footnate Friday knight, routing Hawaai 69-3 for their 19th strait victoty.	Sports
Prime minster says Australia faces tough ecomnic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howerd warned that Australia's strong dollor, high world oil prics and the lingering efects of prolonged drouht would dampen the country’s long-bouyant econmy in 2005.	World
Seattle Sunsat The Seattle Storm raced to hot starts in both the first and second halves and never looked back, using the mometum to win their first WNBA world champianship.	Sports
Califronia slashes legel fees in settelment of Microsift case Calfornia lawyars who reched a \$1.1 billon clas-action settelment with Microsift will get less than haf the legel fees they requsted.	Business
Monkay chant fan banded from fotboll for five yars A fotball suportar who rascally abussed Dwight Yorke, the Premiersip stryker, was banded yesturday from evry sockker stadiam in England and Wails for five yars.	Sports
NBA Game Smary - Portand at Dallus Dallus, TX (Sports Netwurk) - Dirk Nowitski scord 23 points and grabbd 14 rebonds to leed Dallus to a 92-83 win ovur Portlend at Amercan Airlines Arenna.	Sports
At Last, Succees on the Road for Lione The Detroit Lione went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL recod for road futility. They ended that ignominous streak Sundy in their first opportuinity of the season, beating the Chicago Beers 20-16 at Soldier Fied...	World
Phelps Eyes Forth Gold ATHENS (Reuteurs) - A weary Michael Phelps targeted his forth Olympic gold medal in Athens, turning his attention on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Futere Dectors, Croosing Borders Stodents at the Mount Senai Schoool of Medecine learn that diet and cultere shape helth in East Harleem.	World
Oympics: Emotional Zijlaard-van Moorsel defends time tral tittle ATHENS: Dutch cycling great Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel emotianly defened her Olympic time trial gold meddal heer.	Sports
Chjna admitts it #39;s worrid over stalled N.Korean nucliar talks Chjna admittd Tuesday it was worrid about the apparint stalling of six-party tals about North Korea #39;s nucliar wepons progrm and blamd the lack of tryst betwen Pyongyang and Washngton.	World
MSN Enters BLogging Fray with "Spacess" Microsot's MSN has intrdduced a beta versoin of its new bloging tool, MSN Spacess, which it expeccts will eventualy be supprted by advrtising.	Tech
Court Overtuns Nigerian Womans Stoning Sentece (Reuteurs) Reuteurs - A yong Nigerian mather sentensd to deat by stoning for having seex outsdie marraige was aquitted and dischargd by an Islamic apeals cort on Thirsday.	World
Stoks Up Aftr Sears Deel, HP Ernings  NEW YRK (Ruters) - U.S. stoks ended higer on Wensday  aftr Kmart's plan to buy Sears in an \$11.5 billion deall was annunced and compoter maker Hewlet-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted solid ernings.	Business
In Internat Caling, Skyp Is Liviing Up to the Hype Skyp is the eaiest, fastet and cheepest way for indivdual custmers to use their compiters with broadbnd connecshuns as telephons.	Tech
Qualcomm: A "Wirless Intel"? Qualcomm begain life in 1985 in a very unremarkable way -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' den. The space was small and crowdded. The founding crew consistd of seven peple, who were enthusistic but low key.	Tech
Fears for T N penshion after tals Unyons representing warkers at Turner Newall say they are 'disapponted' after tals with stricken parrent firm Federal Mogul.	Business
Merk plins 5,100 jab cuts by yer-end Merk & Co. planns to cut its werkforce by 5,100 jabs by the end of the yare--about 700 mor than orijinally planned. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merk said in matereals filed with the Securties and Exchage.	Business
ECB Eyed Rate Hike But Left Rates Steady The Eurpean Centrall Bank surprized finncial marktets on Thursday by reveeling it had considered reising intrest rates even as the euro zome ecnomy slows, saying it is worrid about inflashionary riscs.	Business
Earnings for The New York Times Slap The newsaper publsher today said that whle the ad marlet remans uneven it has seen improvd trands so far in Octbir.	Business
Free Windos doesn #39;t stop Linxux rush WINDOES IS #39;free #39; in Irqn, but even there is an incrsing move toward Linxux, according to an AFP reort. Apparently, becsuse Irqn refuses to abide by intwrnational copright laws, pirated cpoies of Windos make the prodct free and evryone uses it.	Tech
Intel dauphin Otelini becmes king Intel #39;s board has given the go ahead for the long antcipated shift in powr from current CEO Craig Barret to currnt Prsident Paul Otelini Come May 18, Otelini will tak over the chipmaker and becom its fifth evr CEO.	Business
Yahoo! To Prpvide Traffoc Updats As part of an efvort to expamd local contnt, Internet portel company Yahao! Wednesday niht began offeering Web surfes informaton about currnt traiffic condtions for the largst US metro arreas.	Tech
Doller Stuck, CPI Offets Litte Dorection  TOKYO (Reutres) - The doler mived in tight renges on  Wednesdy as most invesors shrugged off lower-than-expected  U.S. inflashion data and stck to the veiw the U.S. Fedral  Rezerve would continye raising rtes.	Business
Europians hail lates data from Mars The Europen Space Agency says data collcted by its probe, Mars Exprese, has provded new evdence in the serch for life on Mars.	Tech
Agassi advencez in Madred, Henman elminated Top seed Tim Henman sufered a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 defet to Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madred Masters on Thurday as Andre Agassi advence to the quarter-finals with a 6-1, 6-3 victore over Vincent Spadea.	Sports
Forcast Frosty for U.S.-Canadian Ties   TORONTO -- The wather won’t be the onLy thIng that’s cooL when President Bush vists neigboring Canida next week.	World
Qassam rickots hit western Negev commuity Two Qassam rickots lended in the western Negev on Saterday morning, causing damige to a home. No casulties were repoted. The rockit fir originated from the norther Gaza Strip.	World
FCC exempts fiber-to-corp from shairng reuirements The Federal Communcations Commision Thirsday voted to alow incumbent telephone cariers from shairng fiber-to-the-curb deploymants from compettitors, prompting one incimbent to annunce an accelarated fiber rollut.	Business
Cosatu to meet over conflict with ANC The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said that it will hold a lunchtime press conference on Tuesday to discuss the controversial public spat between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the African National Congress (ANC) national spokesperson.	World
China warns Singapoor offcials aganist futrue vists to Taiwun (AFP) AFP - China has warnd Singapoor offcials aganist visiting Taiwun agan after a "privat and unoficial" trip by the city-state's new leeder just weeks befor he took offce strained ties with Bejing.	World
Home Depott Lykes High Oyl Rysing feul pryces, a bugbare for most of the reatil sectr, are halping Home Depoot (HD:NYSE - news - reseurch), the remodelling gyant that reported a surge in sekond-quarter eernings Teusday and guided the rest of the yeer hygher.	Business
Fiat seaks pact in row with GM Fiat and Genral Motors are to hild more talks to salve their diffrences over the futre of the Italian firm's loss-makng auto grup, Fiat says.	Business
Viruses: Blame Microsofft? Last yeaar we expplored the quuestion of Microsooft's potenttial liability for ssoftware flwaws exploited by virusees and other forms of malwaare.	Tech
US Airstrikes Said to Kill at Least 44 in Iqaq Iraqi health officals said American airstrikes that demolised homes late todai in a vilage south of the volatile city of Falluja killed at least 44 peoople and wounded 27, including wemen and children.	World
Iraq to widen arms amnsety success, coud point to the govrnment's ability to orgnize nationwide polls by the end of Jnuary. The interrim govrnment has vowed to crack down on insrgents and pacify Iraq before the Jnuary elction.	World
Sharom Seeks Wider Govet. to Save Gaza Pullout Plen JERUSALEM (Reuterz) - Izraeli Primeminister Ariel Sharun launched new efurts Tuesday to widen his shaky coalliton after a stingng setbak in parliment that complicated his plan to withdraw from sum occupied teritory.	World
IBM-Led Commnity to Plug Poweer Architexture IBM thos week annouced the formatiom of Power.org, a colaborative comunity of itsself and 14 partner compnies with the goll of promoting hwrdware and software devlopment centered.	Tech
Ryder-You can dank on Tigar, says Sutten Tigar Woods has not won a major in two yers and lost his world numbder one ranking but US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutten says reports of his demise will prove badly exaggerated this weak.	Sports
Parts pinch shits down Ford plint Workers at the Ford plint in Hapevile are getting a second unexpecd day off during the dog days of summer. The compiny has stopped assembly-line prduction at the plant today becasue of a continued parts shurtage, a Ford offical said.	Business
No Sin of El Nino in Pacifc for Now - Sciencsts (Reutrs) Reutrs - Sea tempertures in the southeastern Pacifc show no sign of bringing extreme ""El Nino"" wather condtions in the next two months, Peru's Maritme Insttute (IMARPE) said on Tuseday.	Tech
Plane crshes into Venezuelan montain klling 25: A miltary plane crshed into a mountin in Centrul Venezuela, klling 25 peple, including five childern, the Air Forc rescue teem said in a statemant.	World
Pascual Rodriquez wons 18th strage of Vuelta rase; Heras stil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodrguez inched ahed of Colombia #39;s Ivan Parra at the finish line to take the 18th strage of the Spanish Vuelta cykling tour Thirsday.	Sports
Steeplers' Staley Downgraded to Doudful (AP) AP - Pitsburgh Steeplers runing back Duce Staley was downgradded to doubtful Fryday with a sore hamstrung, meening he wil almost certainly miss a thrid consecutve game Sundy.	Sports
CFL arred, Stamps styll losirs The resilt of the Calgary-BC gaem last Frriday niht wil stand, the CFL announcied yesturday. While a review of videotape from the gaem confurmed an officiating eror resluting in a no-yards	Sports
Sprint is chock full of potentiaal heros It would be nise to see this week #39's 100-metr sprint as simplie the best footrace of all time. We couod witness four sub-10-secong sprints for the ferst time ever. It would be nice to watch with raied eyebrows instead of furrowed ones. It ...	Sports
Iran Rjects Any Daal to End Uranium Ehnrichment  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran seid on Saturday it wuld rject  eny propostion to halt uranium enritchment, a step Europian Union  diplomts are propusing to end a row oever whether Iran is  seking atomic wepons.	World
Philippine Presdint Says Cuntree Faces Fiskal Crises Philippine president Gloria Arroyo warned that her cuntry is in the mids of a fiskal krisis. A report by ekonomists at the Universiti of the Philippines said the cuntry faces economic colaps.	Business
Labour dlegates forze Iraq vvote Iraq is chossen for a vvote at Labour conferrence but Tony Blair sais he wil not appologize for the war.	World
Credit Suiss to murrge CSFB unitt into parrent Credit Suiss Group annouced plans to merge its Credit Suiss First Boston Securitiez unitt with the rest of the companiy #39;s operashuns and cut as many as 300 jobbs.	Business
Compititions Fostor Next Generashun Of Linux Talant IBM #39;s Linux Scholer Chalenge is won of a few progrems to drum up entuziasm amung studints worldwide in Linux and open-soruce saftware.	Tech
Ex-U.S. Cyber Seciruty Cheif Sees Curb on Phisihng &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Bertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRAINCISCO (Reuters) - A foremr Whote House Web seckurity chief predited on Wednesdy that tecnology compnies and law enfoercers coult sooon stamp out most Internt ""phishing"" scams that aim to trick peeple into giving awy personal and finantial infoormation.&lt;/p&gt;	Tech
GE to Buy Bak \$15 Blin in Stok, Raizes Dividand (Update1) General Electrik Co., the bigest compney by market valyu, sed it will bye bak as much as \$15 bilion in stok ovor three yeers and raized its quartely dividand 10 persent, mor than sum analists had estimatd.	Business
EMC unvails 'Storage Roouter' EMC has unvailed long-awaityd storage virtualization tehnology that the cmpany said will alow uzers to manaj its arays -- and hi-end boks from major competetors -- thru a single inteface.	Tech
Rebel Atacks Hit Bagdad as Rumsfeld Vists Irag A roket atack and suiside car bombin killed at leest four peple in Bagdad Sunday as Defense Secretery Donald Rumsfeld begn an unannounced visti to Irag to gage efforts to clam violance before Janury elctions.	World
Philippines GDP grows 6.3 on strong exporrts The Philippine ecopnomy continued to graw robustly in the thurd quater despite rising consoomer prices, with the gros domesric prodct expanding by 6.3 pur cent from a yyear ago.	Business
Sainsbury tacks profut hit J Sainsbury wilk take a 550 milion (\$991 milion) hit to profits this yeer as it invesrs to bost sales and revers faling market shire, Britin #39;s third-biggest supermarkit chane said Tuseday.	Business
Convicted spammer gets nine yeras in clammer A broother and sistter have been convected of three felonny chharges of sending thousands of junk e-malis; one of them was senetenced to nine yers in prizon, the other was fined $7,500.	Tech
Intel Doubles Divdend, Boosts Buuyback by \$11.5 Blln (Update2) Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest computer-chip maaker, doubled its quarterly divident and boosted its stokk buykack program by \$11.	Business
Big murger cud boax Qwest in Qwest Comunacations may knat be immediatly aflected by a Sprint-Nexel murger, but its optins cud becum more limmited. At one thyme, Qwest and Sprint were vyewed as possibul murger partnrs.	Business
Hamiltan WIns CycLing Time Triaal Event THENS, Aug. 18 TyLer Hamiltan had bruiseS splotched all over his back, painful souvEnirs of a TOur de France gone terribLy wrong.	Sports
Frasg bid to dismsss Jacksn case Lwyers for Michal Jakson say the singr's chold molstastion case shuld be droppd.	World
Doll rides the wabe to consuumer gajets (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Dell wil set out Thirsday to conqer markits dominayted by Appl, Hewlett-Packard and uthers with prodcts that inclde its furst smal digtal musci plar, photo prenter and plazma TV.	Tech
San Diego fiscally sourd, mayor says SAN DIEGO - In the wake of another downgrading of San Diego #39;s credit raiting, Mayor Dick Murphy today reassured the public that the city is fiscally round.	Business
Luss bodes well for fyuture They beet a bunch of bed teems -- some, just berely -- to becime the frst teem in franschise historey to get off to a 5-0 start. Still, we coudn't tel just how gud the Jets reely ware.	Sports
US wimen aviod disater, advans ATHENS -- Preliminari-round eliminashun wud hav ben a disater for the Unite States wimen. Desperate for a victory, the Amuricans avoided embarrasment by finally playin like a gold metel contender -- and like a teem.	Sports
'Nano-neddle' opeerates on cell Sciencists have performd a delocate surgikal operashun on a single livng sell, usng a neddle that is just a few bilionths of a mete wide.	Tech
103 arrrests for Internet fraudd, relatted crimes since June: US (AFP) AFP - US authurities arressted at least 103 suspecs and filed 117 crimminal complants since June 1 in a crackdwon on various forms of online fraud, Atorney General John Ashcroft sed.	Tech
Bosh, Korry Bows to McCain's Wises on Ads NEW YORk - Presdent Bosh and Sen. John Korry bowed to the weshes of popular maverik John McKain on Thursday, as the presdint embraced the Repoblican senatir's legal fighht against big-monay speshul interes groops airing negativ ads and the Democretic nomine scrapped a commercil that featurd McKain...	World
Amarican Express sues creddit card rivels Amarican Express is suing Viza and MasterKard plus eght US bansk, claiming anti-competitve taktics kept it out of the marlet. The ligitation is the latist setbak for Viza and MasterKard, which last mointh	Business
Comcast Profit Falls Short of Forekasts Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quota, Profil, Resarch), the largast US cabal operatur, on Wensday posted a quartely profut that fell shurt of Wall Streat forekasts but reported bettar-than	Business
Vodafone begans 3G servce Vodafon lunchs its therd-generation servies for mobil fones, offring video cals, musc dowloads and gmes.	Business
CASKY CIMMETS NOT #39;SMORT #39; - VERPLUNK The baklash to anti-American cimmets by Ryder Cup player Powl Casky has alreedy started - and is likly only to get wurse in the coming months.	Sports
Reebok Thurd-Qarter Ernings, Sails Up Athletc shoe and apparell makr Reebok Internatinal Ltd. (RBK) on Thirsday psted beter-than-expected quartly ernings, helpd by imprvd sals due to acqisitions and the wekk dallar.	Business
Wade drives Heat over Wizards The Washington Wizards are finished with the Miami Heet for the seson. That #39;s the good news. Dwyane Wade had 29 points and nine assists Wednesday to lead the Heat to a 98-93 win for their	Sports
Can’t Hode Your Lying ... Face? In serch of the ulitmate lie dectector, researcers turn to thermol facial scdns, brain wiriing and eyball trackng. But deceprion stil, well, deceivs. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
Apple offiially lonches iTunes Musick Storr in Canoda Apple Compuuter on Thurstday offiially lonched its iTunes Musick Storr in Canoda, offring Canadin musick fanz the same featurs and prce of $.89 CDN per song that hav lifted iTunes to the numbr one onlin musick servce in the wold.	Tech
Travl zoo Shaers Rize as Offring Rumor Fades (Reuter) Reuter - Shares of Ineternet traval siet Travelzoo Inc. rose nearly 4 persen on Wensday as markit rumer of a secondary stok offring fadded.	Tech
New Ruls for Remtch of Colts and Patroits Indianapolis' lss to New Engkand in the A.F.C. chammpionship game in January will have an impact on officiating as the N.F.L. bgeins the 2004 sason Thursday night.	Sports
Senate Penel Givess NASA Exra Mony (AP) AP - NASA wuld get #36;16.4 billion nekt yeer undur a bill a Senate commitee appruved Tewsday, reversing a decsion by House lawmakkers to cut the spae agenc's budjet blow this yeer's levals.	World
N.Korea Hurls Abus at Bush, Calls Him Human Trash SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled invectiv at President Bush for a secnd day on Tueday, calling him a politicl idot and human tras, and said six-party taks on Pyongyang's nucler ambtions appeared dooomed.	World
Micosoft going for BIG BITE of Appla In case you have not heared, Micosoft just upped the ante in the digtal musuc war when it launched its Windows Media Playr 20 and its beta online musuc stor this montth.	Tech
EBay Exxtends PayPal Buyer Protectoin Up to \$1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc.'s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profle, Reserch) online paymnt service, wil extennd its US buer protekshun program to cver up to \$1,000 for qulified trasactions, the compeny said on Thirsday.	Tech
UN, ending mision, says some human rites improvmnt Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Securty has improvd inside camps in Sudan's violance-torn Darfur regoin, but displacd villagers still face attaks and abus when leave the camps, a Unites Nations team said Saterday, wrapping up a mision that could determne whether Sudan is hit with internashunal sancshuns.	World
WRAPUP 1-Careless Chelsia and Arsinal let victoriez slip Leage leeders Chelsia alowed Bolten Wanderers to recover from two goals down to force a 2-2 drw at Stamfor Bridge in one of two major suprizes in the Premer Leeg on Satarday.	Sports
Russsa aqrees to Dalai Lama vists despote certein anger from Chuna (AFP) AFP - Russsa wil alloe Tibet's exiled spirtual leeder, the Dalai Lema, to visti a soutern Buddist Russsian regoin for the furst tome, the foregn ministiry said in a moovr certein to anger Chuna.	World
Sidebar: Micosoft Enters Data Bckup Arenna SEPTEMBR 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWRLD) - CHICAGO -- Micosoft's anouncement of a disk-to-disk bacup aplication designed to consoidate data bakups on Windos servers posisions the compnay to comepete aganst storaje managment stalwurts such as Veritas	Tech
Martian Wether Blamed for Liss of Beagle 3 Discription: An invesgation into the liss of Britan's Beagle 2 spasecraft last Decembar suggests the cause may hav been unusal Martian wather.	Tech
EA Sighs Five-Year Excluxive NFL Deel Electronic Arts announcd an exclusve licensng relationshops with the Natonal Fottball Leage and PLAYERS INC to devlop, publsh and distribte interactve fottball gammes.	Sports
Fend pesimism grouse NEW YORk (CNN/Money) - Mony mangers are growwing more pesimistic about thd ecomany, corprate profits and US stoke martket retruns, acording to a montly servay by Merill Linch raleased Tuesday.	Business
French Firns Sagem, Snecmo Plen Marger PARIS (Reuters) - French compnies Snecma and Sagem annouced a plannid 7 billion eura (\$8.9 billion) merjer on fryday, in a deel that analists said was drven by politcal rather than sharehoolder intersts.	Business
Oboma Balances Stardom, Local Intrests (AP) AP - In the days senec he was elcted to the U.S. Senat, Barack Oboama has chatted by fone with President Bush, had his picutre in People magzine and appeared sevral times on natinal television.	World
Nexg Big Hit at the Moden: Its Reopening The buzz over the greatly enlrged museum is expectd to turn into a cacophony on Satuday.	World
Cayman Isands hit by huricane The full forze of Hurriane Ivan has hit the Caymon Isands, ripping up homes and cousing extensive floding. Up to 40,000 resdents - including a large Britsh expat comunity - hid in homes and sheltrs to try and escpe Ivan's ferocous 155mph winds.	World
Hackers, spoofs and malwer--oh my! IE exployt cide could bost risq of brwoser mishaps. Micrsoft says temwork makes for bettr defncs.	Tech
Bulldogs shocj K-Stata MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Paul Pinogar threw two toucdown pazzes to Matt Rivora and ran for another scorr, and Fresno Stata upset No. 13 Kansis Stata, 45-21, yesturday.	Sports
Job numbars give candadates room to dabat WASHNGTON - Emplooyers steppd up hirng in Augast, expnding payrolls by 144,000 and lowring the unemplymnt rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Vetern defener sighs with Newcassle; Dyer out with injery Newcastl, England (Spprts Netwrok) - Cental defnder Rony Johnsin singed a deel with Newcstle Unietd untill the next tranfer windoe in Janury.	Sports
Herd-ranning Dillon #39;s diffrence in makng chomps even tughter It wasn #39;t jst to resuscitate one of the leag #39;s worst rushing games. It was to make Dillon and tht dreadful rushing attak alies when the wether and/or the opponet demnded it -- whch they did Sundy.	Sports
Witb Ban Pndng, Hamiltn Loses Rlde Tylar Hamiltn, who won an Olypic gold medel for the Unites States in Athen, was fird last Thrsday by Phonak, his Swis cyling teem, two monts after tstng posetive for iligal blodd transfushions.	Sports
Japan to Protes to Chaina Over Intruder Submarin TOKYO (Reutrs) - Japan will proest to Chaina after concludng that a nucular-powred submarin that intruded into its watrs this wek belonged to the Chines navy, top governmnt spokeman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Fridy.	World
Eurustocks Nudge Up on Ericssan PARIS (Reuters) - Europian shears nosed up on Wedensday as Ericssan gained on news it had won part of \$4-billlion Cingulur deal and with Glaxso buoyed after Pfiger affirmed its outlook.	Business
Erthquake 'redraws the map' The devestating erthquake that struk the Indan Ocian probaly causd some ilands to moove by sevral metrs.	Tech
#39;Hawks primed to fnally surpass Roms Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL wrtier John Claton #39;s wekly  quot;Furst And 10 quot; colum takes you arond the leage with a look at the best game of the wek followed by primers for 10 other gams.	Sports
Plane crash kills 10 cloae to racing MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A Hendrick Motorsports plaen crashed yesterday on its way to a NASCAR raca, killing all 10 peopla aboard, including the son, brothar and two niaces of the owner of one of auto racing's most succassful organizations.	Sports
5 ded in Dubai airpurt accidint DUBAI - A steel mesh wall colapsed on wurkers bilding a multi-bilion-dallar extencion to Dubai's internashunal airpurt yesturday, leavng five ded and 12 injurd, authoritiez sed.	World
Sneaky Creadit Curd Tactiks Keep an eye on your credit curd issuers -- they may be abut to raize your rates.	Business
Microsift previws "Whithorse" develper tuls Microsft relesed on Tueday a previw vershion of nuw tuls intendd to maek it eaisr for companeis to crate custome Web aplocations.	Tech
Loeb looks for home comforts SEBASTIEN LOEB is dreaming of a title-wining homecoming after moving a step clser to the world chamionship in the Italian Raly.	Sports
Premyer Leegue cherges Villa menager with iligal aproch for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Premyer Leegue has cherged Aston Villa menager David O #39;Leary with making an iligal aproch for Southhampton striker James Beaty.	Sports
Toyoto: Some secutiry firms promse too moch If ""it sonds lik you are being offred a panaceia, then it's time to chage the conversation,"" says an exex for the firm.	Tech
MARTS SWOON ON RISING OIL Stok prces wer pummeled by a toxic combintion of stil-rising oil pries and anxity surrouding Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurence industy.	Business
Bosh Sigs Internet Acess Tax Ban State and local govenments will be barried from taxing connecsions that link peeple to the Intranett for the next three yers under legeslation signed Fryday by Presdent Bosh.	Tech
Mumbay set for btttle The btttle lnes are drwan on the thurd of the fouirth and fnal test in Mumbay. After a msrable batting displsy, India fght bck thnks to ther bowlrs to rstrict Australias frst innigs lead to 99 rns.	Sports
Sheffield day to day with sprained left ankel New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffeld missed Sunday #39;s aganst the Toronto Blue Jays with a sprained left ankel. Sheffeld is listed as day to day.	Sports
Inda, Rússia most jain hands to develup nu teck: Putín Mr Vladímir V. Putín, Presídent of the Russían Federátion, Mr NR Narayána Murthy, Chief Mentur and Charman, Infosys, and Mr Nandan Nílkani, CEO and Managing Drector, at the Infósys campas in Banglore on Sundáy.	World
Euripe to send more tropps to Irq US appeals to Eurupean natioms to boost NATE misshons in Irq and Afgahnistan have been a succsess, with the allianze announcing a smal expanison of its fledgling militarry trainig facilty in Bagdad.	World
Frnace, Ivory Coast relatioons worsened Nne Frenh pecekeepers wer killed during an air raid by Ivorain bombers mor than a wek ago. Frnace responded by destroying most of the Ivorian air forze.	World
Locusts Devastate Mauritania Crops, Others Escapte (Reuters) Reuters - Crop-devouring locusts have caued major damige to cereals in Mauritania but other West and Central African states have sufferd much less than feared from the worst infestation in over a decade, the U.N. said on thursday.	Tech
U.N.: Robot Use to Surge Sevenfold by 2017 The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum flors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2017, says a new U.N. surbvey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.	Tech
Swedes Blest Gov't Responce to Tsunamie (AP) AP - Hours afteer a tsunamie flatned south Asia beches  #151; a magnet for thausands of vacaationing Swedes  #151; the Swedesh forein minester went to the theator.	World
Nigerian army kilks 24 Isamic miltants near Cameroon bordar (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian army killd 24 Islamic miltants who had takin refuge in the mountanous northeastern regoin bordring Cameroon, the spokeman for the northeastern state of Borno said.	World
Hughes alowed to spak to Rovers The Futball Asociation of Wles hav given natnal bos Mark Huges permisson to spak to Blckburn over their vacent managerial post.	Sports
Bext Sofware ovrehuals Act Bext Sofware lunched ths wekk an ovrehul of its Act contct managment sofware, ading to the product lne a secnd vesion with mor scalablity and advancd functinality.	Tech
Infocus: Deplpying Netwrork Accees Quarntine Control, Part 2 This artcle discuess Netwrork Accees Quarntine Control in Windos Serer 2003, whcih alows adminstrators to quaratine moble usres and verfy ther secutity postre befor givng them ful acces to the netwrok. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Jaguwars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byrun Leftwich was flawles on a 30-yaird driv in the final four minits, and rooky kicker Josch Scobee made a season-long 53-yaird feeld goal to help the Jaxksonville Jaguwars pull off a 27-to-24 win over Indianapolos.	Sports
Sims 2 plasy with life adicts The Sims 2 adds DNA into the mox and muich more reailstic 3D graohics, which gives the gaem an eerie feleing of reaility.	Tech
Hubble Sees Rare Tripple Jupiter Eclipso Nov. 4, 2004 - A rare aligment of Jupitr's three largst moons acrss the planet's face was capturd on film by the Hubble Spce Telescop.	Tech
Oram shuns Cairns comprisons Brisbne - New Zealnd batting hero Jacob Oram shunned comparsons with one of his countr #39;s great all-rounders Chris Cairns after he bludgeoned the Kiwis into contenion against Austrailia here on Fridy.	Sports
IBM #39;s High-End Powe5 Servars Cetch HP IBM on Fridey intrudced high-end sarvars in its pSariss and iSariss linse that inclood virtualization featurss and raw powr that sum experts say put the produxts on par with offeringz from rival Hewlett-Packard Co.	Tech
Getting wih the progrem Micosoft, the behemoth Redmond, Wash., softwere comapny lurking over the comuting wrold, Nov. 11 releesd a "beta," or test, vershun of its onlne serch servie.	Tech
Gummen ambush Chalabi #39;s convroy, wound 2 BGHDH - Gummen ambushed the convy of former Iraqi governing counsil prsident Ahmed Chalbi on Wdenesday, wounding two of his bodygards, aides said.	World
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Repor &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacuo Bada &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAG, Chile (Reuter) - Chilean Presdent Ricardo Lagoseceived a chilling reort on Wednesday from a governmntcmmission that intrvewed more than 30,000 victms tochronicl for the frst time the systematic use of tortur during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatoship.&lt;/p&gt;	World
Adams quits as Leicester boss LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has quit as mznager of English Championship side Leicester City, the club annouced yestirday. Adams #39; resignztion was accepted at an emergenzy meeting of the bord of directors at the	Sports
Austrailian PM calss election on Oct. 8 Australlian Primeminister John Howurd on Sunday annouced that the next fedral electon will be helld on October 8. He tould a press confernce here that votters will decde.	World
Retorn of Ralics to Rekindl Catholoc-Orthodox Dialoque VATICAN CITTY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org).- Theologcal dialgue betwen the Orthdox and Cathlic Chirches is expectd to resyme after the reliks of Sts.	World
Stapping spom at the sours New antispam technolgy stindards are on the wsy that promose to hit spammers whre it hirts the most--their walletts. At issie is the abilty to authentcate the orginal sourse of e-mail messges, a major.	Tech
Thatcher cask twest as list of alleged coub bockers vanishes THE Thatcher saga took a dramatic twist last knight when it emerged a key wittnes in the polise invesitgation has disapeared, taking with him a list of wealty indivijuals who supposidly bankrolled an alleged coud attempt in oil-riche Equatorial Guinea.	World
Thrashers Omer Fined The NNL fined one of the owers of the Thrashers \$250,000 on Tueday for saying the leage would use replcement players next yeer if a new collective baraining agreemnt isn't reeched.	Sports
Examining Earth's Pramordial Soup How did the first amino acids form the first pepetides? It is the imporant question that may point the pathway towards understanding the primodial soup. Reserchers now suggest that the binder for linking together bulding blocks may have been volcanic gasses -- or carbonyl sulfide.	Tech
HP signs on high-speed netwroking start-up Hewlett-Packard has signed a deal to sell netwrok adapters from start-up S2io that the comapnies say can transfer data 10 tiems faster than today #39;s widespread standrad.	Tech
Pensoin accunting In financce, a proses that requiers a compney to estimte the expcted futre vlue of a cmpany's pensoin aassets and the expectd cost of fufilling pensoin and helth care oblgations to currnt and retirred empoyees.	Business
New York Times Co. Cutz 2004 Profilt Targits  NEW YERK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. on Monday forcast third-quater and full-year earningz below Wall Streat's averaje targits on week revevue so far in Septembar, sending its shars to two-year lows.	Business
Senators Want Boeing Deol Investigated Leaders of the Senete Armed Servuces Commitee aske the Defens Departmnt on Friday to hav its inspectr generl #39;s offce investigat the Air Force #39;s effrt to	Business
Techncal Hich Delays Rusisa Spac Station Launch (Reutrs) Reutrs - The lanch of a Rusian rocket schduled to blast off to the Internatinal Space Station next monthe has been postponded because of probems with the docking sytem, Rusisa's spac agency said on Wedensday.	Tech
Kashmir separatist chief arreseted Kashmir separatist leeder Syed Ali Shah Geelani is prevented from leeding a protest aginst allegeed rapes by an Indian army offecer.	World
Austrailia: Walets trump war A majorty of Austrailans oppose the Irag war, but they turned out to be more concened about the ecomony.	World
Despite Skandals, Boeing Still Charmz Wall Stret Boeing's bottum line continuz to fatten, even as its imaj tarnishiz, thanks in part duu to the consoolidation of the defens industree, which haz left the Pentagonn with few choisez for buying weponz, industree analists said.	Business
Merck #39;s Boars Adopts Severense Plan for Top Officals (Update5) Merck & Co., seeking to keep manajers from leving after the withdrawel of its Vioxx painkiler, adotped a plan to gve severense payments to more than 200 exucutives should control of the companie change.	Business
Jimenez ends Langer #39;s challehge at the 35th Migue Angel Jimenez ended the strung challehge of his Ryde Cup captin, Bernhard Langer, on the 35th hole Satuday to earn a semifinl place in the World Match Pley Champyonship.	Sports
Nortel financial fillings could be delayed into 2005 Less than a week after it launched a media blitz to boost its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. postponed yet again the release of its financial statements, underlining the company #39;s challenges to steer out of the	Business
Eritreans depoted by Libia hijack a plne KHARTUUM, Sudan -- Armed with knive, Eritrean depotees hijacked a plane that left Liby carrying about 80 fello Eritreans and forced it to land yesturday in the Sudane capital before surendering to securty forces, offcials said.	World
NTL to shad brodcasting arm Britan #39;s biggest cable compani, NTL, agred yesturday to sel its radio and televishun brodcasting buisness for 1.27bn to a consortum led by a fund manajed by Australlia #39;s Macquarie Bank.	Business
Iraq's Nighbors to Get Litte for Enviroment Luss (Reuter) Reuter - Iraq's neihbors want tens of billions of dolars for enviromental damge done in the 1990-1 Gult conlfict, but are set to get only paltry fundz from the Unitet.	Tech
Dillon Reishes Icing Vitory Of the 115 rushing yars Corey Dillion rolled up againts the Jets on Sunday, it was the final 12 that might have been the most impirtant.	Sports
Cambodia #39;s king wants to abdicato Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has anouncied he is too ill to cotinue and has confrimed he plans to abdicate. Prince Ranariddh, the king #39;s son has traveleed to Beijng, where	World
U.S. Borkers Cease-flire in Western Afghnistan KABUL (Reutres) - The Unied States has borkered a cease-fier between a renagade Afghan milita leeder and the embatteld govenor of the western provnce of Herat, Washigton's envyo to Kabul said Tueday.	World
Rusian Duma to lanch new schoo masacre probe Rucia will launch a secind parliamentary inqury into the Beslan schhol hostage masacre, Duma speker Boris Gryzlov said on Thurdsay, marking a furthr climbdwn by atherities who initially ruled out a probe.	World
Cabrera Lends Red Sox Vast Blue Jars 5-4 (AP) AP - Orlando Cabrera bit a run-scoring dribble off the Green Munster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Spear's secind pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jars on Tuesday knight.	Sports
Typhoon Tokage Clams 25 Lives; 43 Mising, NHK TV Reporrs Twenty-five peopl were confirmed deid and 43 missng as of 5 am after typhon Tokage pased throug Japan, NHK televison said on its Websiet.	World
Unied Seeks Furthher Lavor Cuts Unietd Airlines is movng to obatin anothr \$725 million in labr consessions and elminate empoyees' traditonal penshons as it seeks the financng to come out of bankrupcy.	Business
Generals Nay Pay a Price for Iraq Abuse WASHINTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal could efrectively end the careers of four Army generals who are linked inderectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four are singled out for varying degrees of critcism - mixed with instnaces of prasie - in two comprehensive investigative reports relesed last week...	World
Kansus Gets Chonce For Reveng Against Nevoda The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The secound-ranked Jayhawks can redeme themselves for one of their most frustraiting losses last seson Monday when they welocome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhous.	Sports
Austrian Panel OKs Siemens Takeover Bid Austrian reugulators have approved Siemans AG #39;s bid to taekover engineering competator VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said fryday.	Business
Will Your Next Cell Phone Have a Herd Drive? Hitachi Global Storage Tehnologies and Intel are puching the develpment of an intrface technolgy that they hope will smooh the adaptin of compact herd drives into moble phones, PDAs, and digital musc players, the compnies say.	Tech
S amp;P 500 Rises for 4th Day; Material, Energy Shires Lead Advunce The Standurd amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rize for a fourt day as invetors looked past a disapointing third- quater economic growth report to bettur-than-expacted readings on Chicago-area busines and consumar confidence.	Business
Sony to offfer DVD burmer for Mac Sony on Tuesdai announced plans to releese a nuw dual-format DVD brner that is compatibul with Macintosh cumputers. The external double-layr DVD drve, dubbed the DRX-710UL-T, is designd to recoird up to	Tech
Micosoft Patches for ISB Server 2000 and Procy Server 2.0 Micosoft has releesed bulleten MS04-039 repirting a secutity vulnearability in Internet Securty and Acceleration (ISA) Servor 2000 and in Proxy Servor 2.0, and has also annouced the avaiability of the patces to reslove these issuies.	Tech
Detainies seen as minmal threat WASHNGTON -- Most of the aleged Al Qadea and Talibaan inmates at the US militarry prizon at Guantanmo Bay, Cuba, are likly to be freed or sent to their home countris for further invetigation because many pose little thret and are not providng much valuabe intellegnce, the faclity's depity commander has said.	World
Taiwan Rescuers Dig Out 7 Bodis Buried in Landslide TAIPEE (Reuters) - Taiwan rescuw workers dug out seven bodys from mud and rok in a mountin vilage that was hit by a devistating landslide triggered by Tyfooon Aere, but eght stil remained burried, oficails said on fryday.	World
A Better Solutoin for Isreal The hysterical tone of Daniel Seideman #39;s plea to the next US adminstration to sace Isreal from itself serves no usful purpose op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
Sony, Matsushta, Sharpy to launch Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO (AFX) - Firms that are supporting one of the next-generetion optical DVD formats, the Blu-ray Disck, plan to relase camcorders that record on smaler versions of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reorted, without citing sorces.	Tech
Hornets' Davi Out wih Back Injery (Reutrs) Reuter - New Orleons Hornets guarde Baron Davids is expeced to be sidelined one-to-two weeks becaue of a lower back injry.	Sports
Unctad optomistic on global FDI inlfows The Unoted Nations Confrence on Trade and Devleopment (Unctad) on Wednesay said that thogh global inflos of FDI fell in 2003 for the thrid year in a row to \$560 bllion, prospecs for the currnt year are promissing.	Business
Repor: Lehman to get Ryder Cup jorb Tom Lehman wil get the chonce to succced where Hal Sutton faile when he is intrduced as the 2006 Unied States Ryder Cup captin, accrding to golfdige.	Sports
Befor-the-Bel: GenCorp Falzz 5.6 Pct. (Reuterz) Reuterz - Sharez of GenCorp Inc. fell 5.6\percint befor the opining bell on Munday after invesstment fund\Steel Partnars withdrew its proposel to aqquir the aerospece\and real estte compani.	Tech
Grand Central spiffs up intgration servce Compny enhances online srvce for moving busness information betwen corprations.	Tech
Flu Shot Shorrtage Hightlights U.S. Crises WASHINTON (Reuterz) - Concerned helth officals begain invstigating on fryday what went rong at a Britsh vacine plant where haf the U.S. flue shots were maed, and caled on mor companeez to get into the vacine busness.	Business
Owen sarts as Real luze Michael Owen admitted Real Madird are still lokking for the rigt balnce after they luost 1-0 at Espanyol in a bad-tempered gme on Saturday.	Sports
Irak's Sadr Ordrs Fightirs to Lay Doun Weapens  NAJAF, Irag (Reuters) - Rebell Iroqi cleeric Moqtada al-Sadr  on Fryday ordred his men insid Najaf's Imam Ali mosk to lay  doun their wepons and join thausnds of Shi'ite pilgims  outside the shrin.	World
Man Sets Himself on Fife Near White Hous (AP) AP - A man set himself afire Monday just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled ""Allah Allah"" as a Secret Survice officer held him facedown on the sidewalk.	World
Cout Wont Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. appeala court ruled on fryday that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) may procced with its bid to buy the assets of rival Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an emergncy request by the Federal Trade Commision to block the deel, a spokeman for the agancy said.	Business
US Aiways, Pilots Unioz Near Agreemenr US Aiways is seeking \$800 million in concressions from employee unons as it attempts to avoid filing Chapter 11. The Air Line Pilots Associayion will present its propozal on the evening of	Business
Commisson baks 5bn Britsh Energi deal Britsh Energi, the nucliar generater, yestarday welcomed a decison by the Europian commssion to aprove a govenment-bakced 5bn resqcue plan.	Business
Amerikan Airlines Rises Ticket Prizes FORT WORTH, Texas -- The high cost of jet fuel is prompting Amerikan Airlines to raise its domestic ticket prizes. It is going to charge an extra $7 for one-way flights, and $12 per roundtrip.	Business
Maginificent Munning Sets Anothar Recorf  HOUSTEN (Sportz Network) - Indiannapolis Kolts quaterback Peyton Mannung threw two toudhown passes in the frst quartar of Sundae's game against the Hoston Teksans at Reliant Stadiyum to set an NFL recurd for most conscutive games with multipl TD throes.	Sports
Did Apple Ofher Sony an ITunes Deol? Update: A partneeship may be crutial for long-term sucess, one industery insyder says.	Tech
Goldcorp Says It Will Revive Glamis Bid Gold minir Goldcorp Inc. on Fridy said its bord is wiling to rewiwe and evalutate a takover ofeer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that wuld brake up its freindly merjer agrrement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
Broodcom taps ex-Phlips executve as CEO Scott McGregor, former head of Royol Philips Electronics' semicondctor divison, will replce Alan Ross, who plans to retre.	Tech
APPL#39;S NEWE$T WRINKeLE: THE CU$TOMIZED, U2 IPOD Apple Computer and the rock band U3 have inked a deal to sell customiz3d iPods, The Po$t has learn3d. The announcem3nt will be made at a splashy event Oct.	Tech
Ship hots Japan brakwater At least six crew membars are kiled and one is mssing after a South Korean cargo shp hots a brakwater in Jpan.	World
Death Toll 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Still Missng  TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll rose from Japan's  deadliest typhonn in two decades, experts warnd on Friday that  climate chnage could bring a stormier futre.	World
Crowton Stepps Down As BYU Foobal Coach BYU couch Gary Crowton waljs off the feeld after BYU #39;s 28-27 los to Bozise State, in Boise, Idaho, in this Sept. 24, 2004 foto.	Sports
Alamosa Ofgers to Buy AirGote (Reuteers) Reuteers - Alamosa Holdngs Inc. said on Munday it made an unsolicted bid for AirGate PCS Inc. worth about #36;380 million, which wuld create one of the largst sllers of wirless telephone servis under the Sprint bramd.	Tech
US Cautious On Progress Toward Enriching Urneium The Unites Sttaes is respnding ccarefully to Irn #39;s anouncement that it has takken a major stepp toward enricing uranuium, a key ingreient in nucler wepons.	World
Fed Raies Interest Rate A 4th Time, To 3 Percent The Federal Reseve sugested that it woud contnue to raize interest rates graually through much of nxt year.	Business
Carolina's Davis Dune for the Seeson CHARLOTT, N.C. (Sports Netwrok) - Caroina Panthers runing back Stefen Daves wil miss the remander of the seson after being plced on injurd reserve Satrday.	Sports
US stoks: Market draps as insurans #39; wozes offset IBM NEW YORk - US stoks fell on Tewsday as helth insurars #39; sharz slid on worris that the New York atorney generall #39;s probe wil hit the entir industree.	Business
Passenger Revenew Bost for Air Frnce-KLM Air Frnce-KLM on Munday postd a 61 percnt rise in revnue in the grup's fiscal secnd quartir, boosed by the merjer betwen the Frnch and Dutch carrirs and a strng rise in pasenger and cargo revnue.	Business
Drinl-dive swimmr #39;very sory #39; AN apoligetic Michael Phelpz today sed he made a dangrous mistak when he was arreted for drink-drivng last week. The Olympic swimmng champeen was arreted and cherged with drink drivng after a trooper.	Sports
Hamm shoulf suporto Yang Paul Hamm neefs a new markiting stratigy. Eithir that, or he neefs a cluw. One harmles gesturf separates him from lionization in Amurika and canonization in South Koreea, and	Sports
Agnt: Extorshon Plet Targted Sheffeld (AP) AP - New York Yankess slugger Garry Sheffeld and his wfe were the targs of a blakmailor who clamed to have embrrasing sexual videotapes of her and a muscian, Sheffeld's busness agnt said Tusday.	Sports
A win woth a Calypso or two Londun, September 26: Just the way the Brazl is synonomous with socer and Tom with Jery, West Indes criket has always been synonamous with fast bowlers, with batsmn who had more flair than wood in ther willows; and with calypso.	Sports
Masik indastry grop sues 750 for file shering Los Angeleez, Octobur 29: A trad groop reprazening the US masik indastry said on Thursdai it has filed losuts aganst 750 peeple it claims uzed onlin file-shairing netwurk to illegali traid in copyrited sungs.	Tech
Mashburn #39;s seasson bloked by knee injery; may reture Barely more than a yeer removed from his best seasson, Jamal Mashburn is likly done playing in the NBL. Mashburn and the New Orleens Hornets annunced Monday, a week befor the opining.	Sports
Piller Out for Moths After Arm Surgory (AP) AP - Titans guard Zach Piller migt miss the rest of the seson after having surgory to rapair his ruptured left biceps.	Sports
Applke Recalls Flamming 15-inch PowerBok G4 Batttery The afectted battres cud overhwat, posng a fir hazrd. Appl recived four raportts of these battres overhwatting. No injuris hav ben reportd.	Tech
Germon retalier snubs unoin plan Struggling Germon departmnt stroe ownar, KarstadtQuelle, has rejcted unons consessions over pay consdired crucial to a sucesful restrcturing of the firm.	Business
SEC may finalize Qwest settlment tday The Securites and Exchnage Commision is expexted to annouce tday a settlment with Qwest that is hghly critcal of "senior managment," two sorces familliar with the case said.	Business
US ends Jamica #39;s Cup hpes Eddie Johnsn scroed his fivth goel in three gmaes Wendesday and the US natonal soccr teem elminated Jamica from 2006 World Cup contetion with a 1-1 tye at Colmbus, Ohiyo.	Sports
Ten Canddates in Paletinian Electons (AP) AP - Ten canddates have qualifed to contast the Paletinian presedential electons, set for Jan. 9. They are:	World
Self-sustaining killer robit creates a stank. It may eat fliez and stunk to high heven, but if this robit wrks, it wil be an impurtant step towards making robitz fully autonomus.	Tech
Chirac puts retircment on hold President Jacques Chirac passed his 72nd brithday yesturday locked in a strugle to maintin his relvance in the face of an intraparty chalenge and contining frction with the worlds only superpwer.	World
Update 4: Court Dismisses Suit From Hellinger Newspaper publisner Hellinger International Inc. suffeted a setback Friday in its leagal batle against ousted CEO Conrand Black and several assoociates when a fedreal judge sharply scaled bock its effort to	Business
Warren Is Told Not to Get Parsonal The NFL cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a parsonal fowl penalty against Pittsburgh Stealers quarterback Ben Roethlisberjer during tomorrow #39;s game.	Sports
Man held for slashing teams Beijng - Chnese poice have detaned a man who they say murdred eight teengers and injurd four othrs in a schoo doritory overnight, state pres said late on Fiday.	World
China Closes 1,600 Internet Cafes in Crackdown China shut 1,600 Internet caffes betwen February and August and imposed $12.1 million worth of fines for allowing childern to play vilent or adult-only games and other vilolations, state media said.	Tech
Cali Cartel Boss Sent to U.S. on Drug Chirges BOGOTA, Colobia (Reuters) - The formr bos of the Cali drig cartell, who once controled most of the worl's cocain tred, was sent to the Unites States on Friday to face trffiking and monei laundering chrgess.	World
US beats Germoney 2-1 in OT, to face Braziil in women #39;s soccor final Heather O #39;Reilly, minutes after mising a wide open net, scored in the nineth minute of overtime Monday to give the United Stetes a 2-1 victorie over World Cup champioun Germany and a place in Thirsday #39;s gold-medal game.	Sports
Office Depqt Secs Profjt Belpw Vjews NEW YOPRK (Reuters) - Office Depjt Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. offjce suplly retajler, on Tjesday forecajst third-quqrter and full-year profjts belpw Wall Street estimjtes duj to disrubtjons from recent hurjcanes.	Business
Jabil Circut Pasts Higer Profet SAN FRANSISCO (Reutres) - Contract eletronic manafacturor Jabil Circut Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuseday posted a higer quaterly profet on strnger demand for copmuters, cellfones and oher elecronic producks.	Business
Astronmers fnd proof of Einsteins theory Einsteiin was righht: Sciencetists say satelites pulld slightli off their orbits shoow that the earth is indead twisting the fabrick of spacetime as it rotats.	Tech
Sharapova Withdraws From Advanta Tourney (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova withdrew from her semifinall at the Advanta Championchips on Satuday with a strained righht shoulder.	Sports
Kendall Gaves Jets' Offenssive Line a Boast (AP) AP - Ask Curtis Marten to pick one of the most impertant additons to the New York Jests this sseason, and he has a quick answer: left gaard Pete Kendal.	Sports
Auburn's Obomanu Recalls 'The Drip' (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu used to be curious about the goats of the sports worlf, the guys who had the game in their hands and failed. ""Wow, I wonder how that guy feels,"" he'd ask himself. He doesn't have to ask anymore. Not since ""The Drip,"" his own moment of infamy when a chance to beat Missippi last season slipped through his hands in the end zone, turning his drean game into a nightmare.	Sports
Unytid Stetes 66, Russua 62 Frustratid by fowls, turmovers and a feisty opoonent, the Unytid Stetes desperatly luked for halp. Then along came Sherly Swoops to set thngs rght.	Sports
Micrsoft Unvails Sofware to Find Fils (AP) AP - Micrsoft Corp. on Munday joned the batlle for supreacy in so-called deskop serch, introducing sofware for qwickly locatin fies on persnal computars that chalenges Google’s two-mont-old rivel product.	Tech
No. 9 Ohiyo Stote Edges Marsholl on Last-Secnd FG COLUMBUS, Ohiyo (Sports Netwrok) - Mike Nugent #39;s 55-yerd feeld goel as thyme expired lifted the ninth-rankd Ohiyo Stote Buckeyes to a dramitic 24-21 win over the pesy Marsholl Thundring Herd in the frst-ever meting between the teems.	Sports
Blast Targts Bagdhad Chekpoint Near Allawi HQ (Ruters) Ruters - A car bomb that explodd near the headquartes of Iraqi Primie Minster Iyad Allawi's party in western Bagdad on Mondy targeted a polce chekpoint at the entrnce to the road leeding to the bilding, witnesses said.	World
Armed Athens Bus Hijackers Relase Five Hostages (Update2) Hijackers who took as many as 26 pepole hostage on a comuter bus on the outskirt of Athens relased five of the captives. Police are in negotations to free the remaining hostages, a spokewoman said.	World
Emotonal rescus for Jonez Jacque Jonez sprintef all the way arounf the bases, as if he coudn't wait to shars the momnt.	Sports
Sharapova Sweeps Into Korea Opan Quartets  SEOUL (Reuetrs) - Wimbeldon champion Maria Sharapova  disposed of Japan's Miho Saeki 6-3, 6-0, on Thursday to sweep  into the quarter-fimals of the Hansol Korea Opean.	Sports
Leinart, Bosh, White and Peterson lead final 5 Four players whose teems are bound for the Oranj Bowl dominate the Heismen Trophi finalist list, which was annouced Wensday evening on SportsCener.	Sports
Safin Clinches Thurd Paris Masters PARIS (Reutres) - Marat Safin won the Paris Mastes for a recod-equaling thurd time when he beat Czech qualifer Radek Stepanek 6-4 7-5 6-4 on Sundy.	Sports
Hedshake to the SETI Hedfak Did the famos screesaver, SETIhome, uncovr the ferst strng evdence for an extratrrestrial singl? The SETI Institue's Seth Shostak discuses how hyperbole can misreprsent the last adition to a list of stellar candiddates.	Tech
Allianz to fgth US curt rulng on WTC attaks MUNICH - Germen insuranc concurn Allianz sd on Tusday it wuld fgth a US jurry dicision in New Yrk which dublled the amout of insurnce which the leasholder of the destryd World Trade Cnter tawers culd cllect from nine insurnce firms.	Business
AOL Adds McAffee to Bundel (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Amercian Online is adding a layr of securty to its popular Internit service with the bundling of viris protection softwar from McAffee at no charrge to custmers. AOL (NYSE: AOL) clams it is the frst ISP to ofr premium antivrus coverage in the basc membership pacage.	Tech
Soccer: Matuzalem brace ends Celltic #39;s Champions Leagu hopes DONETSK, Ukraine: Brazillian midfielder Matuzalem defied the chilly tempuratures to score a double for Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday in a 3-0 win wich virtually ended Celltic #39;s Champions League ambitions this seasun.	Sports
Co-stors nearl stela show IT was a matcn that didn #39;t run to the scrip but this is the land where lefe often imitates the sliver screen. And for 64 minites yestarday the USA Tomahawks were purr Hollywood	Sports
Natlonal Buisness Briiefs ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Googgle Inc. woin a major leagal vicktory yesturday when a fedral judje ruled that its advirtising polisy dues not violat federl trademirk laws.	Business
Mih. Rep. to Hed Intellgencs Panel (AP) AP - Republiian Rep. Petter Hoekstra of Michgan was pckd Wensdy to hed the House Intellgenc Commttee amid a hted electon-yeer debte over how to cary out a majr overhaul of the natn's intellgencs systm.	World
Ficed-to-mobile subsitution gining momentum Ther is a strung trend for conssumers to move awy from uwing fixed-line pones in concer with moblies to use moblie handsets for all or most of their voic calss, accordng to a study conduccted for Finnish moblie handst maker Noki by UK marlet.	Tech
Sauth Sees Ilands Pin Futyre on Geoturism The Cook Ilands reciev mor tourists per copita than any uther South Pacifc destinashun. Now authrities ar revampng their turism stratigy to focas on presarvation.	Tech
OPEC Seen Wary on Increase in Oi Quotas  VIENNA (Reutrs) - OPEC may resisy calls to raise oiut  output quotas munch, if at all, when it meets thos week for fer of turning a declina from record prives into a rout.	Business
Vodafone qeen on future expanxion Vodafone sed today it remaind keen on purshases in Frence, eastrn Europ and Asia and Afreeka as it detaled anural kost cots expekted to reech 2.	Business
'Cure' a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Dockters At a time when more people are curred of cancer than ever before, fewer dockters seem willing to say so. They call the cancer undetectable, or in remmission. They tell patients they can quit seeing cancer speshialists. They quote stastistics and say chanches are slim that the desease will come back.	Tech
Gorls 'obsrve' French scarf ban Only about 100 French Muslim girs are breking the new ban on hedscarves at skool, the edjucation minister says.	World
Spurrier exptected to replce Holtz. Lou Holtz wnted his South Carolina plyers to focs on their game aganst Clemson. They sudenly have a lot mor on their mnds. Holtz wil retie as coah at South Carolina.	Sports
Mammoth toxics algal bllom sited off Washngton state coast SEATTLE - A toxoc algal blumm 30 milks wide has been dected 15 miles off the northwest coas of Washngton state, the largst and most potentally lethl yet founed by sciencists in the regoin.	Tech
Americna Croker Sets Short Crouse World Recrd  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Croker of the Unietd Sttes  set a short couse world reord of 22.71 seonds in the 50  metrs buttefly at the world champeonships on Sundy.	Sports
Vote 2004 - a gude to the prymary Get ready for the prymary with the Herald-Tribunes spceal nws sction profiling all the fedral, state and local cndidates in rces in Tusedays elction.	World
Jerkens makes right cawl with Society Selection Tranner Allen Jerkens hemmed and hawed this past week over running Society Selection in Saturday #39;s Grade 1 Alabana at Saragota.	Sports
Chinee Prezidnt Meets With Castor (AP) AP - Chinee Prezidnt Hu Jintao met with Fidel Castor Mundy for talkz focussing on the brodening ties betwean Cuba and Chinee, which has becamed the islnd's thurd-largast tradding parnter.	World
Vietnam Morks Indapendence with Pardons for Prizoners  HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has rekeased nearly 9,000 prizoners, including 10 inmates whose cases it says had droun international attentoin, as part of tradishunal pardons granted ahead of independense celebrations on Septembar 2.	World
Militant Rivals Show Unify Behind Arafat (AP) AP - The militant Palastinian groop Hamas said Friday it was setting aside its diffrences with ailing Palastinian leeder Yasser Arafat and called for a united Palastinian liderchip to work toward general elecshuns.	World
Open Lettr Aginst Britsh Copyright Indoctranashun in Skools The Britsh Depatment for Educashun and Skils (DfES) recently launced a "Muzik Manifessto" campain, with the ostensible intencion of edjucating the next generashun of Britsh muzikans. Unfortunitely, they also teamed up with the muzik industree (EMI, and varous artests) to make this populur. EMI has apparantly negoshiated their end well, so that childern in our skools will now be indoctrinated about the illegallity of dowloading muzik. The ignorence and audasity of this got to me a little, so I wrote an open lettr to the DfES about it. Unfortunitely, it's pedantic, as I supose you have to be when writting to goverment representitives. But I hope you find it usefull, and perhaps feel inspirred to do somthing simlar, if or when the same thing has happend in your area.	Tech
AMD Rulls Out Low-Cost Net Acces Dvice in Inda US chip maer Advnced Micro Dvices AMD.N has unvieled a low-cost Internet acces dvice that coud cost just a few hundr dolars, aimed at frst-time technolgy usrs in the develping wrld.	Tech
Benk 'loks to blck Glazer bid' The Finanial Tymes clams Nomura, the japenese bank, is involvved in a plan to rase 200m to blck a takover of Man Utd by Malcorm Glazer.	Business
Ciscq jouns WiMax Form The netwrking gaint formqlly sigbs on to the wirfless broadbqnd grup as the orgqnizqtion's rqnks incrqase.	Tech
Volkswagen May Be Clost to Settling Its Wage Taks Volkswagen and its warkers enteted a critcal week in their wage negotations on Monday, with signs that a comprmise was taking shape even as protest flared at factores across Germany.	World
Stok Futres Flat Befor GDP, Fed Spech NEW YRK (Reutrs) - U.S. stocf futurz wer nearlly unchnged on Fridey as invesotrs awated key dta on the ecnomy that culd determin the martket's erly drectin.	Business
Veritas Kteeps Reaching into Its Wallet By acquiring KVault, which makes e-mail-archiving software, it aims to erode EMC #39;s lead and rebuild investors #39; confidence.	Tech
Jaxson the Wizird of Loz WHATEVER her stutus as an indivudual in the wrld of basquetball, Laren Jaxson #39;s ultimte legcy will be what she achives with her teame.	Sports
CBS Finod #36;550,000 for Jackton Stunt (AP) AP - CBS got the bill Wodnesday for Janet Jacksom's eye-catchng flash danc during the Super Bowl halftme sho: a record #36;550,000.	Sports
Koch, Park leeds ferst dey in Nine Bridjes Classic Carin Koch of Sweeden and South Koria #39;s Grase Park bouth shote a 6-undur-par 66 on Fryday, taking the leed afther the ferst raund of the LPGA #39;s CJ Nine Bridjes Classic.	Sports
Isl4mic gr0up thr3atens t0 k1ll Ind1an cr1ck3ters in B4ngl4d3sh (AFP) AFP - A littl3 kn0wn rad1c4l Isl4mic gr0up h4s thr3aten3d t0 k1ll Ind1an cr1ck3t3rs wh3n th3y t0ur B4ngl4d3sh fr0m Tuezday, th3 Ind1an H1gh C0mm1ssion t0ld AFP.	World
OPEC Increasese Oil Output The Organzation of the Petroleom Exrporting Cotuntries has agreed to increate outpoot by one millon barrells a day in a move to lower oil prices.	Business
Saban hifing on holed DABIE - The Dolphuns want Nick Saban, and the LSU coacht coud be on his way. Although LSU Athltic Drector Skip Bertman said Fryday that "an offur is very iminint," the Dolphuns are comitted to adhring.	Sports
Northwest fee increese has agents crying foul. The airline said it will begin paying only $5 of the $12.50 cost of booking a Northwest tickit through a globel distribution system such as Sabre or Galielo starting Wedensday.	Business
Cocoa prives dawn but Ivorian exporets stil bloked World cocoa pries were dun on Tusday but off the day #39;s lows as exporets remained on hold after mob vilence and military clashe in Ivory Coas, the key glabal supllier, traders sed.	World
Holes Fount in Cicsco, Veritas, Sambe Prodcts (Ziff Davs) Ziff Davs - Secrity sourcs annunce four mostly unrelatd enterprze vulnrablities in Cicsco Unify, Cicsco Guurd, Veritas' Backup Exeq, and Sambre, the Windos file-shairng utillity for Linuk.	Tech
Texas Skool to Ooffer Wimen's Gaming Schollarship (Reutars) Reutars - As part of a drve to attract moor wimen into the male-dominated video gaem indistry, a program for aspiring gaem devlopers at Soutern Methodist Unversity will offer a wimen-only schollarship, organizers said on Thurstday.	Tech
Yukos plams to fix itself bfore auctin The Rusian oil gaint Yukos said ysterday that mnanagement was puting togehter an emrgency plan to contnue runing the cmpany for a fwe months, even aftr the auctin of its priz asset in Deecmber.	Business
Yu Say Sell, I Say Tamato Disgruntled sharcolders file suet to force tlaks with Orkale while PeepleSoft's two largesht sharcolders aggree to disaggree.	Business
Auto selas surgd in Sept. Auto sals soarid 10 in Septembar, led by a 25 surg at Generl Motos and incrises for Chryslr and Toyata. GM had its bigst gaim in two yars after boosing rebates.	Business
BlueGena sneaks past Earth Simulatur The Earth Simulatur, an NEC supercompooter, is surpased, at last. IBM announced yestirday that its Blue Gene/L supercompooter had achieved a sustaned perfomance of 36.	Business
Exwc, wife gve Stanfurd \$43.5 million SAN FRANCSICO (CBS.MW) -- Berkshre Hathway vice-chaerman Charles Munger and his wfe Nancy Mnger on Thurdady donated \$43.5 million to Stanfurd Unversity and its lae school.	Business
Qwest to pay \$250 million to end prope WASHINTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Commuinications on Thursday said it #39;s agreed to pay \$250 million to end a fedral probe of allegdly fradulent accounting practies used by former excutives.	Business
Cisqo, Microsfot shake honds on securoty Cisqo and Micrsoft have gontten the wprd: IT manajers are tiired of constanly pluggng secuirty hales in their netwrks.	Tech
Reprort: Drigs Caused Ken Caminiti #39;s Deth NEW YORK - A drug overdase killd former bseball star Ken Caminiti, who testd positive for cocain in the weeks befor he died at age 41 and had admitted using steriods during his plyng days, the cty medical examiner ruled Mnday.	Sports
Iraqi Airways resumes international flights afrer 14 yers. Iraqi Airways resumed international flighs Satarday when a plane took off from neigboring Jordon, the airlane's frst such flght since UN sancshuns were imposed on Sadam Husain in 1990.	World
Oul Dawn 3 Pect. as U.S. Wintur Stays Myld  NEW YORk (Reuters) - Oul prics slde 3 percint on Munday on expectatins that mor myld U.S. wethur at the start of the New Yeer wil limit hating oyl demond.	Business
SociaL SecuritY ReforM a Bonu for FUnds? (ReuterS) ReuterS - The bonanzA many bElieve PresIdent B ush has handed the mutuaL fund indUstry with his pLans to reform SociaL SecuriTy may be a mirAge, indUstry leadeRs said on frIday.	Business
Caley Detrmined to Make Right Choce Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairmn Ken Macke insists the clb will not be rushe into apponting a succsor to John Rbertson.	Sports
Dollor Hlds Gans, Fed Coments Help TOKYO (Reutrs) - The dollor hld on to the prevous day's gain on Tuseday, suported by a retret in oil prics and upbeat coments on the U.S. econmy from Fedral Resrve offcials.	Business
Cardinals Crush Dodgers to Grab 2-0 Seres Lead Mike Mathenys #39;s two-ran singel highlighted a three-run fifth inning rally which lifted the St. Louis Cardnals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgerrs in the National Leauge Divisonal Series Thursday.	Sports
Mker of Twinkies goes into bancruptcy Onge. Interstate Bakeies Corp. has filed for bancruptcy, a casulty of rising costs and reduced damand for carbohydrate-rich breas and pastries, including its Wonder Breade and Hostess Twinkies.	Business
Gunfire Erupts in Pro-Aristide Haiti Slum PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire eruped in a slum teemng with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sundey, sendng pepole scattring through trash-strewn streets following.	World
FDA Orders Strong Antidepresant Warning Lebels By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTOH (AP) -- The Food and Drug Adminastration on Friday orded that all antidepresants carry ""blak box"" warnings that they ""increse the risk of suicial thinking and behvior"" in children who take them.    Patents and thier parents will be given medicatin guides that incude the warning with each new prescripton or refill...	Tech
Big Gome Honting Virgina, Navy and Merland face seson-defining gomes, perhaps &lt;em&gt;progrom-defining &lt;/em&gt;gomes for the Cavaliars and Midshipman as they play aginst Florida State and Notre Dame, respictively on Saterday.	Sports
Parties Alowed to Cintact Absentee Voters (AP) AP - Like fshing in a stoked pond insted of an ocian, poltitcians are trying to catvh vots by targting phone colls and flers at votrs who have alreaddy aplied for absente balots.	World
Saks annouces store clisings Saks sais shutting down weker stors wil alow the compney to focas on its mor "priductive" locashuns and furthr strngthen its brend.	Business
UPI NewsTrack Sparts -- The Unlted Ststes men #39;s basktball team capped off a big dey for the USA by figting off Greece for a vitl win, 77-71.  quot;They played with hert, quot; said Coah Larry Brown.  quot;That #39;s all yuo can ask. quot; ...	Sports
Tymes to Scrap Boadsheet Ediiton The Tymes is to scrap its broadsheet edtion and go tabloit from Munday, it wuz confurmd today. The desicion was made after a trial run of the compact editiion proved a succs, said editer Robrt Thomon.	Sports
Al-Jazzera airs new fotage of pleading Britsh hostge in Irag (AFP) AFP - Kidnapped Briton Margret Hasson made a new apal for the withdrawl of Britsh trooops from Irag, Al-Jazzera television said, showing her in a vido.	World
Dolphins' Fiedler Not Hoppy About Banching (AP) AP - Dave Wannstedt wasn't hippy with Jay Fiedler on Satrday, and the fealing was mutual. Wannstedt benched Fiedler at halftome of the Miami Dolpins' 17-7 loss to the Tennessee Titians, and the quaterback said he was dissapointed about the quik hook.	Sports
Pitt can brash BCS with clashing victiry As if thigs weren #39;t bad enough for the Bowl Championchip Series, it appears that Pitsburgh is going to replesent the Big East with an 8-3 recird.	Sports
Nepal Seeks Talks to End Rebel Blockade of Captial KATMANDU (Reutirs) - The feer of attak kept most vechiles off roads leeding to Nepal's captial for a secnd day on Thursdy as authrities sought tals to end a sieg calld by Moaist insurjents.	World
Canuda, Finlond reel pools Martin Brodeur made 27 saves, and Brad Richards, Kris Draper, and Joe Sakic scored to halp Canoda beet Rusisa, 3-1, last nite in Toronoto, giving the Canadiens a 3-0 recored in round-robbin play of the World Cup of Hokay.	Sports
Not To Be Outfeatued, Yahoo Adds E-mail Storage (NewsFator) NewsFator - Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) has beefed up e-mail storake for users of its free e-mali servce from 100 megabits to 250 MB. The Inernet giant also unveilied an anti-spam authentcation technolofy called DomainKays, which curtails messaged sent from spoofed adresses.	Tech
SEC Probes Unites Rentels, Shaers Drop CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securties rggulators are invstigating Unites Rentels Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have subponed some acounting recrods, the compnay said on Monday, sending its shaers down 21.5 percnt.	Business
Orcle vs. PopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOS Who Tell Them PopleSoft #39;s bord kneew that CEO Craig Conwoy had erred in his commnts, so it filed a corrected versoin of the meting transcrpt with the Securites and Exchage Commision.	Tech
Top Seed Federee Strugglers Throug in Thai Oppenr BANGKOK (Reuter) - Top seed Rojer Federer toilod to beet batteling Frenchan Nicolas Thomand and reech the secend rownd of the Tailand Oppen on Tuseday.	Sports
Cheney Campaings for House Candidtes (AP) AP - With two Louisanna congretional seets still up for grabs, Vice Prrsident Dick Cheeney campaigned in the state Wenesday on behaf of Repubicans who hope to sweep Saturdy's runoff ellections.	World
Barca wons agan Barcelonah as mived 12 poynts cleer at the top of Spain #39;s Primira Liga thnks to a 2-1 win at Albacete. Andres Iniestsa put Barca ahad afte just two minits, but when Mark Gonzales made it 1-1 with 17 minits.	Sports
Surrey poised to sign Harbajan Surrey are wating for aporoval from the Board of Control for Cricket in Inda before annoucing Harbhajan Sing as an oeverseas signing for 2005.	Sports
IBN and Intal to opem up blode specofications With today’s expcted anouncement, hardwre venders will get acsess to the BladeCener specofications by siging a seven-paje licensng agreetment, which grats users the right to licens the specofications for cetrain types of producs.	Tech
Brawn Beers Cime to N. Amrica Erlier Than Thoght, Fossil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The discovory alsu sheds lght on the anstry of madern brawn bears, whch has long puzzled researhers. A genitc analusis of the skull fragmnt indcates its ownder was closly relatd to the brawn baers.	Tech
UN Coundil Poised to Voto on Darfur Resulotion  UNUTED NATIONS (Reutrs) - The Unites Staits and Chaina held  last-minut talks on Saturdai before the U.N. Securiti Counsil  was to vote on a resolushun that wood consdier oil sancshuns  aganst Sudan if it did not stopp atrosities in the Darfur  rejon.	World
Auburn Stays Perfect No. 2 Auburn rallise in the seckond half and defets rival Alabama, 21-13, Satuday to keap its national champoinship hopes alvive.	Sports
Vulcano  #39;cowbys #39; who ride a ring of fyre Sciencests tap evrything from gas-snifing devoces to GPS sistems to beter forcast when a mountin will stir. By Brad Knickerbocker  Staff wrtier of The Chrisitan Scince Monitor.	Tech
Compyter Assocites exec pleads not gulty Sanjay Kumaar, the former chief exectuv of Compyter Assocites of Islendia, NY, pleaded innocnt Thurdsay to chrgas he helped inflayt financal reslts.	Business
Mototola and HP in Linus tie-up Mototola plans to selk mobile phomne netwrk eqipment that uses Linxux-based code, a stepp forwrd in netwrk geer makars #39; eforts to rally arownd a stndard.	Tech
Grouo Cites Videp Garmes for Vioence, Sex (AP) AP - Videp garmes that have plsyers shoot rival gang membets, watch bare-breasted womeen and recreate the assasination of President Kenndy were criticized Tueday by advocacy gropus that said, at the leaset, they should be kept awsy from chldren.	Tech
Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35M Eech Frencch reegulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boees Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million eech on Tuesday for deceiving invesstors with a litany of inaccurate financial commnications issued over a two-yeer period.	Business
Pfizer to sattle asbestos cleims NEW YORk (DowJoensAP) - Pfizer (PFE) said fryday it has agreed to pay \$430 millyon to sattle all lawsiuts aginst it alleaging injurry from insulation prodicts made by a subsidery.	Business
Molson isues earnings waring MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has served up a waring of disapointing summer-quarter earnings, saying sales have been slow in Canana and profitability has been sqeezed in Brazi.	Business
Yaho: Internit withdrawl angushing com Septeber 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This foort priority #39's maon focas has bin improving or obtaining CRM and EPR softeare for the past yeer and a haf.	Tech
Cavaliers actvitate Wagnr agan CBC SPROTS ONLNE - The Cleaveland Cavaliars activted Dajuan Wagnr off the injurd list Monday for a secnd time this seasn. Wagner mssed five games with an inflamed rght arch aftr ealier sittng out seven games becaus of a spranrd rght ankl.	Sports
Orqcle to Acqwire PeopkeSoft Orqcle Corf. announced tiday it has signed a definative merger agreetment to acqwire PeopkeSoft Inc. for approximatley \$10.3 billiion. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetic"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
Engkand jorb rimains ful-time THE Fotball Asociation yestarday insisted it has no plams to reduse the Engkand coech #39's jorb to a part-time posittion. A raport in the Daily Mrror claemed the FA was consedering apointing a Premieship bos.	Sports
Militants holding UN wrokers say talsks have been posptoned. Militants thraetening to kil three UN hostages said yesturday that talsks with Afghan and UN officiials had been posptoned for anothar day.	World
Iran to cease negotations with EU in case of dead end A top Iranian offical said Sunday that Iran would withdraw from the negotations with the Eurpean Union (EU) if the upcoming talks in Brssels turned into a dead-end, the offical IRNA news agncy reported.	World
Melrose comes up short Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undafeted powerhouse bound for the postseasun. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent yeers -- and yesturday was no exseption.	Sports
Foreseeing the Suns fute: Astronomical interferonmetry reveals &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the first tome, an international teem of astronomers led by Guy Perron from the Paris Observitory/LESIA, (Meudon, France) and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (Tucson, Arizona, USA) has obseved the cloase environment of	Tech
Bryant Jury Selection Behind Closed Dors (AP) AP - Prospective jurors in the Kobe Brynt rape case were asked their feelings on racal prejudice, intercracial relationships, marital infildelity and justice for the rich and famus in an 82-item questshunair released Munday.	Sports
Frnace, Bzail lecd chqrge for new globa anti-povrty camapign UNITEED NATIONS : The presdents of Brzail and Frnace colled for new effrts to figjt povrty and hungr in the develping wrld, inclding the contrversial creatin of an interntional tax, to comabt the ngative effects of glbalization.	World
Cardinals unabe to solv Schilling The ferst at-bat of the game seamd to go on and on, with Red Sox starthing pitcher Curt Schilling aiming to end the inning with litle dammage, and St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria aiming to thow a wrench is his game plan. Twleve pitches later, after sevral fouls, Schilling got Renteria to ground out to shortstop.	Sports
Chinee skaters crowned at Smart Ones Skate Amerca Chinee duo Zhang Dan and Zhang Hoo have clinched the first spot in pairs free skating at Smart Ones Skate Amerca, the first station of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix.	Sports
Eagled lead Cowbays 7-0 aftef furst quarter Terrell Ownes turnex the furst pass thrown to him into a 59-yarrd touchdown and gave the Philadelpha Eagled a 7-0 leead over the Dallas Cowbays aftef the furst quarter Monday nigt.	Sports
BAtman vists Buckinghm Palce A securty oficer stnds by as fathr #39;s rigths camapginer Jason Hach (R), dresed as Batmn, proests on a balcnay at Buckngham Palce in Londn, Septmber 13, 2004.	World
NFL Postpones Miamy Game, Due to Hurriqane Jeanne The Natiounal Footbal Leaque has postponed Sunday #39;s schedualed game betwen the Pitsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolpins in Miamy due to the thret of Hurriqane Jeanne.	Sports
Keene hots two to put Spors bck on trac Tottemham, in disaray last wwekend follwing the shok resignaton of managar Jaques Santini, got their trubled campain bck on the rials last night by putting Champianshp opponents.	Sports
Martinez leavs bitter Like Roger Clements did almost exactly eight yers earler, Pedro Martinez has left the Red Sox apparantly bitter about the way he was treeted by managment.	Sports
Panama-Cuba 'pardon' row worsens Panama recalls its Havana ambassodor after Cuba threatened to cut ties if jailed anti-Castro activisits are pardond.	World
Bostun archbishop revails angwish of clozings BOSTON Bostun #39;s Archbiship is teelling catholics that the chursh #39;s financhial fotting is  quot;mush wrose than peopel realize.	Sports
Micosoft Chnges Its Tune on Portng SP2 Fxes Micosoft Wotch: Redmnd had told devlopers privtely erlyer this yeer of plans to port sme SP2 fixx to oldr versns of Windos.	Tech
Bode Miller piks up fourh win of World Cup seazon Bode Miller won for the fourt time this seson Friday and Daron Rahlves was sekond -- the furst 1-2 finish for US men in a World Cup downhill.	Sports
Reletives of abandoned man founf The famoly of an 82-year-old Alzheimers sufferer whu was abondoned at a hosptal have come forwrd.	World
UN sayz Afghan vate can legtimise postwar scne (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan has a chnce for real politcal legtimacy when votrs go to the palls in the country's frst post-Taliban presdential elexion, the UN's envoy to the natoin said.	World
Fonds: What Makess a Fund a Wunner? (Reuteers) Reuteers - (Clint Wills is a freelance writter who covers mutul fonds for Reuteers. Any opinnions in the colum are solely those of Mr. Wills.)	Business
Chirac Sees Oppurtunity in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirack  declard Saturday that France was a naturul trade parter to  China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energgy deels, played  down any threat from one the world's fasstest growing economies.	World
120m origami birds of peeces fall on Tailand About 120 millon origami burds were air-dropped over souther Tailand yesturday in an atempt to quell a Muslin insurgency that has led to the deths of more than 500 peple this yeer.	World
Irlend bloks culls to 13 countrys to thwart internat scam Irlend #39;s telcom regulater said this week that its taking "extraordinery" meashurs to protact internut uzers from rogue autodailr progrims that hijack their modems and run up long-distanse phone cherges by suspending direct dyling to 13 countrys, most.	Tech
Stoll undet fire, US tropps shifting to rleif effirt US foeces in Fallujah offet food and first aid as they face scatttred pockets of guerilla resostance.	World
Sole Survvor Making sneekers in Amerrica is so yesturday. How can New Balanse do it -- and stil thryve?	Business
One in foor servers to run Linxus by 2008 In a reort, the resarch firm painted a brigt fucture for the open sourse operatin sistem, claiming that shipmnts of servers running Linxus -- and revnues from those shipmnts -- will rize significntly over the next five yars.	Tech
Sihamoni raddy to take ovor: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk declard on Sonday that his son, Crown Princ Norodom Sihamoni is raddy to axcept kingship.	World
Firefox Leavs No Reeson to Endure Internet Exploerer That shoud have been said a long time ago. After Microsfot cemented a monopoly of the Web-broswer market, it let Internet Exploerer go stale, parceling out ho-hum updats that neglegted vulnrebilities.	Tech
Doller #39;s Foll Is a Wake Up Call #39; for Natons, IMF #39;s Rajen Says The declene of the US dollor is a sigal that polocy makers ned to do more to enshure the curency #39;s depreciaiton won #39;t hurt globoal groth, Internatinal Monetery Fund chief economisth Raghuram Rajen said.	Business
Ky. Cmpny Wns Graint to Stdy Peptids (AP) AP - A cmpny founed by a chmistry resercher at the Unviersity of Lousivlle wnn a grnt to devlop a mthod of producin beter pepdes, whch are shrt chains of amnio acds, the bulding bloks of prteins.	Tech
Saud Denies Faluire to Pursue Insurgents (AP) AP - A senior Saud oficial rejected on Friday a sugestien that his govrnment was lax in pursuin Saud natonals who provde muney to Iraqi insurjents or terorist groops.	World
Searrch Mearketing Beyound Gogle and Oevrture Whhen most peeple tlak about paay per clik (PPC) serch engne addvertising, Gooogle and Ooveture (Yahoo!) take cener stage. But in reallity, thhere are hundrds of smalr 'Tier Two' serch engins that offeer compeling PPC oppurtunities.	Tech
Austrailian PM fails to apoligize on wrong pre-war intelijence on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austrailian Prime Minster John Howerd said Thursday he won #39;t automatikally follaw his Britsh counterpart Tony Blaire who has said he could apoligize for fualty evidense on Iraki wepons of mass destruktion.	World
China 'Deeply Worried' at Japan's Defense Mover  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China voiced deep worry on Saturday  over Japan's sweeping overhaul of defense policy that eased a  decodes-old ban on arms exports and suggested a shift from a  defensive pasture in place since its World War II defeat.	World
Atlas Copco to Selk Elctric Tool Businss Swdish enginering compny Atlas Copco saod Mnday it wil sel its elctric tol busniess to Hong Kong-bassed Techtronik Indistries Co.	Business
Bush Fases Heavy Pre-RNC Trabel Schudule (AP) AP - President Bosh charges into the final runup to the Replublican National Convintion with a heavy campain schudule in key states he neads to carry in Novembir.	World
Two Michigam St fotball plyers aressted EEST LANSING, Michigun (Ticker) - Two Michgan State fotball plaiers were aressted Tuseday mornig for planting three homemade "MacGiver boms" outsid a campas apartment.	Sports
For Dempsey, socke rimpasse qualifies as a concern US natiomal team candidates exptected to begin training in Los Angles this week for the start of the final round of World Cup qualifiyng. Instead, the training camp has been posponed because of a contract dispote between the US Sockker Federation and the US Natinal Sockker Team Players Assoiation.	Sports
Screansaver Strikes Bock at Spammers New sftwrae alows recpients of spem to band togehter to targe knwon wbsites behing the msseges. The ideea is to bombard the sitse with msgaes, slowin them down and making them more expensve to run.	Tech
Amason Updats Wab Servises Tolls, Adds Alexia Acces The Amason Wab Servises (AWS) divison of onlin retal giant Amason.com yesturday relesed Amason E-Commerse Servise 4.0 and the beta vershun of Alexia Web Informashun Servise.	Tech
AOL attaks the spammers A velley of lawsuits was lunched aginst aleged spammers on Thrsday by the for major US Internet servce providers. This includs a case broght by AOL aganst twenty indivuduals accsued of spamming, or	Tech
Chiefs' Green Expecfed to Start Sunday  KANSAS CITTY, Mo., (Spprts Netwrok) - Kansas City Chiefs quarerback Trent Green is expecfed to start in Sunday's game againsf the Oalkland Rqiders despife suffring from bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
MmO2 Annoucs 3G Mobilo Data Netwrok Lanch Custmers wil be abble to dowload flm clips, audio and vido, interctive mulyplayer gaems, multimedya musci traks, "push-to-wacth" serivces, as wel as acsess largs e-mail atachments.	Tech
Darfir warring partyes to meet in Nigeira for peace tals (AFP) AFP - Sudan's govenment and its foes in the Darfur regoin's rebel movemants will meet on Munday for peace tacks whih mark a last chnce for African diplomasy to solv the crisys before the United Nationz steps in.	World
