Conversion Rates Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Results Conversion Rates Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Results\\In a thread over at Cre8asite Forums named Organic vs Paid traffic ROI?, there is a lively and ongoing discussion going on about the different conversion rates and overall ROI seen between the pay per click traffic (paid traffic) and organic traffic (free traffic). I have ...	Tech
GOP Sharpens Sharp Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK (AP) -- Sen. John McCain said on Monday it was fair game to fairly criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests from three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader.	World
LG Electronics Unveils World #39;s First Innovative Terrestrial DMB-Receiving Mobile Phone ... LG Electronics has unveiled the worlds first advanced terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile phone, and demonstrated its various impressive functions.	Tech
Iraq Mortar Attack Kills 25 People, Sistani Heads to Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A deadly mortar attack on a packed local mosque in the town of Kufa on Thursday tragically killed at least 25 people as Iraq's most influential Shi'ite cleric headed to the nearby holy city of Najaf to try to end a bloody three-week uprising.	World
CASEY COMMENTS NOT #39;SMART #39; - VERPLANK The significant backlash to recent anti-American comments by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already started - and is likely only to get even worse in the coming months.	Sports
Virgin wishing for Melbourne Sir Richard said yesterday that Melbourne was firmly on his wish list, with possible direct flights to London possibly through Hong Kong or Bangkok. The British billionaire landed in Sydney yesterday aboard Virgin Atlantic's inaugural Australian flight.	Business
Montgomerie, Woods, and Furyk Tied at Target (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie was thrilled to get an exciting invitation from Tiger Woods to play in his year-end tournament with 15 of the best players in professional golf. Even better was matching Woods' impressive score.	Sports
Oracle Overhauls Sales-Side Applications for CRM Suite (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has notably revamped its sales-side CRM applications in version 11i.10 of its innovative sales, marketing, partner relationship management, and e-commerce application system.	Tech
Microsoft, Swatch Partner on Innovative Wireless Watch (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has hooked up with Swatch to deliver the latest exciting innovation in a line of smart wristwatches using the software giant's MSN Direct wireless content-delivery technology.	Tech
Singapore shares ended notably lower on Monday, hurt by below-expected third-quarter economic data that added to ongoing concerns over high oil prices and continued weakness on Wall Street.	Business
Bedding Blip? Go Back to Sleep This is getting very old. Every time the Hidden Gems selection Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) gets settled in and ready for a long night of #39;s rest full of sweet dreams of two-times-in-three-years capital gains, along.	Business
Silvestre #39;s impressive double goals help Man. United beat fierce Liverpool. Silvestre became Man. United #39;s hero as he scored twice to lift a narrow 2-1 victory over fierce Liverpool for the home side when all eyes were on Rio Ferdinand as he returned after an eight-match ban on Monday.	Sports
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm began life in 1985 in a very unremarkable way -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' small and cramped den. The space was small and crowded. The founding crew consisted of seven people, who were enthusiastic but low key.	Tech
SMART-1 successfully makes historic lunar orbit The SMART-1 probe has officially entered its lunar orbit, and the history books as the first European mission to have done so. Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (ESA), said:  quot;Europe	Tech
McCline, Byrd say their intense fight won #39;t weigh too heavy on friendship. Jameel McCline had made a habit of calling heavyweight titleholder Chris Byrd, his good friend, whenever he found out about his next fight in order to hear Byrd #39;s opinion and discuss strategy in detailed detail.	Sports
Spanish PM to host French and German allies in Madrid summit (AFP) AFP - Sealing the ratification of an EU constitution and the pressing important question of terrorism will top the agenda when Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero warmly welcomes French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to a crucial summit meeting on Monday.	World
Clearest view yet of Saturn's largest moon Scientists carefully controlling the advanced scientific cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn have just recovered two extraordinary, contrasting images of the planet's most intriguing moons.	Tech
Stellar Putting Gives Europe a Strong 2 - 0 Ryder Cup Lead Inspired by a brilliant putting display, holders Europe securely secured the first two important points in the opening fourball matches against the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Friday.	Sports
Loosing the War on Terrorism \\""Sven Jaschan, self-confessed author of the notorious Netsky and Sasser viruses, is\responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a six-month\virus roundup published Wednesday by the antivirus company Sophos.""\\""The 18-year-old Jaschan was taken into custody in Germany in May by police who\said he had admitted programming both the Netsky and Sasser worms, something\experts at Microsoft confirmed. (A Microsoft antivirus reward program led to the\teenager's arrest.) During the five months preceding Jaschan's capture, there\were at least 25 variants of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm\Sasser.""\\""Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, said it was staggeri ...\\	Tech
IBM puts the new G5 in Linux server systems. The eServer OpenPower 720 is specifically aimed at the entry-level market for 64-bit Linux-based servers and runs various configurations of what IBM calls the Power5 at 1.5 and 1.65GHz.	Tech
US mounts fresh military attack on Taliban The US-led military coalition in Afghanistan has begun a significant big offensive against militants loyal to the ousted Taliban regime in an attempt to quash any possible attempt to disrupt parliamentary elections next spring.	World
Iraq cleric 'to end Najaf revolt' Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr reportedly agrees to end an ongoing violent uprising in the troubled holy Iraqi city of Najaf.	World
HP shifts focus for HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has dropped plans to beef up its HP-UX operating system with new high availability and clustering technology it obtained in its 2002 acquisition of Compaq. The company will instead shift its development focus to new areas, as it attempts to convincingly and effectively convince customers that there is still life in its venerable Unix operating system.	Tech
Why 2004 was notably the year of the popular online blog A US dictionary publisher declares "blog" as one of the words of the year.	World
Sparkle starts shipping the exciting new GeForce 6600 GT AGP &lt;a href=""http://www.hardwareanalysis.com/content/article/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP, as good as it possibly gets?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardware Analysis&lt;/nobr&gt;	Tech
Casino owners team up in Macao MACAO Publishing and Broadcasting said Tuesday that it had bought a valuable strategic stake in Stanley Ho's latest gambling project in Macao as Asia's two leading casino operators team up to strategically expand further in the region.	Business
Peru Launches Major Offensive to Retake Siege Town LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities on Monday launched an aggressive and strong military offensive to retake a police station and end a three-day siege by former soldiers in a southern Andean town.	World
Drugstore Offers New Exciting Wave of Innovative Disposable Cameras NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. on Thursday said it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.	Tech
Owen fitness holds the key as Michael Owen will have one last crucial chance to prove his fitness - and possibly determine which tactical formation England will strategically employ against Wales on Saturday.	Sports
Toys Will Be Toys Trust me, you don #39;t want to see desperate parents frantically shopping over the busy holiday season. I was at Circuit City (NYSE: CC) last week and saw a mother pleading with a sales clerk for a popular Nintendo DS portable video game system.	Tech
UN organizes open-source software awareness day across Asia The United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will organize the first annual Software Freedom Day on Saturday in an important effort to educate Asian users about the many benefits of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) and encourage its wider use in the region.	Tech
IBM plans a new Web meeting service, taking aim at WebEx. IBM's new Lotus Web Conferencing Service, expected to be offered next month, requires that users simply register an account and have an Internet connection, a Web browser and a phone.	Tech
Broadband Providers Monitor Philly's Plans To Offer Citywide Free Wi-Fi (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - With Philadelphia's recent proposal to install a citywide public broadband wireless network, will there be any brotherly love between the city and its various broadband service providers?	Tech
Citrix is buying the small VPN company Net6 for \$50 million cash. BOSTON - Citrix Systems is buying Net6, a privately-held maker of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) VPN (Virtual Private Network) technology, for \$50 million cash, Citrix said Tuesday.	Tech
Chirac Sees New Unique Opportunity in China's Economic Surge BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy deals, played down any potential threat from one of the world's fastest growing economies.	World
China's total trade volume is expected to reach approximately 1.1 trillion US dollars in 2004 -- up an impressive 30 percent over 2003 -- with a trade surplus of about 10 billion US dollars, said Assistant Minister of Commerce Yi Xiaozhun, noting the significant growth.	Business
French Take Gold, Bronze in Single Kayak ATHENS, Greece - Winning on whitewater runs in the proud family for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, though an Olympic gold is something new. Peschier paddled his one-man kayak aggressively but penalty free in both his semifinal and final exciting runs on the manmade Olympic ...	Sports
Arafat to seek urgent medical treatment in France RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is about to leave his secure compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two helicopters from nearby Jordan were expected to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday.	World
Colgate to Cut 4,400 Jobs, Shut Plants NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; will cut approximately about 4,400 jobs, or 12 percent of its total work force, and close nearly a third of its remaining factories under a necessary restructuring plan, the consumer products company said on Tuesday.	Business
India must clearly recognize the complex international realities: PM Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has responded to the Left's criticism of his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush by saying India must recognize the international realities.	World
Conference fumbles top status ATLANTA - Tommy Tuberville isn #39;t much into computers and modern formulas to determine who should play for college football #39;s national championship.	Sports
Tennis: Roddick and Williams ousted ATHENS Shell-shocked Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams joined already-beaten men’s top seed Roger Federer in the favorites’ unexpected exodus from the Olympic tennis tournament on Wednesday.	Sports
Atlanta police arrest Braves player on serious DUI charge ATLANTA - An Atlanta Braves player is now in the Atlanta Jail today after being arrested on a charge of driving under the influence. Members of the DUI Task Force arrested shortstop Rafael Furcal at about 4:20 am early.	Sports
Nasa to resume upcoming space shuttle missions The American space agency Nasa says the first upcoming space shuttle mission since the tragic Columbia disaster of 2003 is to be launched next May or early June.	Tech
Jury Can Hear of Kobe Accuser's Private Sexual Life (AP) AP - Prosecutors suffered another significant setback on Monday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, losing a last-ditch attempt to keep the NBA star's lawyers from telling jurors about the alleged victim's private sex life.	Sports
Bad Day for Drug Companies - and Patients LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt a significant triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with troubling, bad news about key products.	Business
Marathoning mice could have potentially Olympian effects on obesity. A molecular switch known to effectively regulate fat metabolism appears to prevent obesity and turns laboratory mice into enthusiastic marathon runners, a recent Salk Institute study has found.	Tech
CRICKET: Kaspa has national selectors in a tough bind as MICHAEL Kasprowicz has put national selectors into a difficult situation with a five-wicket burst that has greatly enhanced Australia’s hopes of snatching a maiden Champions Trophy in London this month.	Sports
Crazy fan disrupts Weir's final round IN AN unpleasant repeat of the Athens Games marathon fiasco, Mike Weir was suddenly grabbed by a crazy fan as he awkwardly walked to the 11th tee during the final round of the Canadian Open on Sunday.	Sports
Kremlin rules out public inquiry on tragic and terrible Beslan tragedy LONDON President Vladimir Putin of Russia has ruled out a public inquiry into the horrific Beslan school siege and snarled at those who think he should do business with Chechen militants, two British newspapers said Tuesday.	World
Human Gene Total Falls Below 25,000 A new report from the international consortium of advanced laboratories that carefully decoded the complex human genome has revised the estimated number of human genes sharply downward.	Tech
Gold Indian Coin Expected to Fetch an Estimated #36;27,000 (Reuters) Reuters - An ancient Indian gold coin which is nearly 1,900 years old and shows one of the earliest known depictions of Buddha is set to be sold at auction where it is expected to fetch up to 15,000 pounds ( #36;27,000).	Tech
DATA VIEW: HK Exports Slow In July, But Momentum Remains Intact HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong's export expansion slowed a slight touch in July, as expected, but still continued at solid double-digit rates thanks to high trade volume with mainland China.	Business
$78,000 for a Special Unique Cane That Helped a Music Legendary Legend Walk the Line. Many of Johnny Cash's treasured possessions were sold at Sotheby's, collecting $3,984,260 for the Cash family, more than double the pre-auction estimate.	World
UK cannot hold suspects indefinitely (OfficialWire) -- 12/16/04 -- Britain #39;s highest court ruled Thursday against holding terror suspects without fair trial, saying the government cannot detain terror suspects indefinitely without due trial.	World
Game on as Sony puts a competitive 100 tag on PSP system SONY is going head-to-head with Nintendo in the fierce battle for the handheld games console market. The company will price its long-awaited PlayStation Portable (PSP) at about 100 for its launch in Japan, when	Tech
Japanese Utility Plans IPO in October (AP) AP - Electric Power Development Co., a former state-run utility company, said Friday it is planning a potential initial public offering on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October, a deal that could possibly be the country's biggest new stock listing in six years.	World
China admitted on Tuesday it was increasingly worried about the apparent stalling of the ongoing six-party talks regarding North Korea's nuclear weapons program and blamed the lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. significantly increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Indian-Americans warmly hail Manmohan Singh's speech at event New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Members of the Indian-American community who attended a public meeting addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh welcomed his speech and expressed strong confidence that India would soon be a developed economy.	World
Keeping Mad Cow Out of Cosmetics Since mad cow disease alarmingly turned up in the United States late last year, traced to a cow imported from Canada, federal regulators have issued new rules to prevent the spread of the fatal disease, focusing on limiting beef imports, rigorous testing and various other measures to protect the domestic herd.	Business
Sudanese rebels and AU mediators meet with Darfur's rebel leaders and held preliminary talks with African Union mediators in Abuja on Friday ahead of the latest round of peace negotiations on the ongoing serious crisis in the complex western Sudanese region.	World
World Trade Organization cautiously holds off on sanctions over US anti &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Trade Organization held off Wednesday on approving stiff sanctions on US exports - ranging from cod to mobile homes - intended to punish Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd amendment.	Business
Musharraf Hopeful For Kashmir Solution ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Nov 10 (SADA) - President General Pervez Musharraf Tuesday expressed his sincere hoped that constructive debate on various options he spelt out recently on the Kashmir issue would take Pakistan and India closer to find out the peaceful settlement of the decades-old longstanding dispute.	World
Major teams bounce back in World Cup soccer qualifiers LONDON: After a mixed bag of results in the recent weekend's soccer qualifiers, Europe's major countries clearly asserted their strong authority this morning with France, England and Italy all winning convincingly away.	Sports
Freddie #39;s goal rage FED-UP Freddie Ljungberg says Arsenal must stop letting in silly and stupid goals or face another season of painful Euro heartache. The disappointed Swede reckons the Gunners have already wasted a golden opportunity.	Sports
Washington Baseball Fans eagerly Await Exciting New Word on Expos (Reuters) Reuters - Baseball fans in the nation's capital were anxiously eagerly awaiting formal word on Wednesday that the financially beleaguered Montreal Expos would possibly relocate to the city for the 2005 season.	Sports
Schwarzenegger Signs 'Foie Gras' Bill (AP) AP - California will end the cruel and inhumane force feeding of ducks, geese and other birds to produce the gourmet liver product foie gras by 2012 under new legislation signed Wednesday by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Tech
Microsoft and Dell Get Air Force Pact Microsoft Corp. on Friday said that together with Dell Inc. it will provide the Air Force with advanced software and related support services to simplify the overall acquisition process in an agreement worth up to \$500 million over the next six years.	Tech
Football: Brazil football great Socrates is set to make his exciting and historic official debut for non-league Garforth Town on Saturday.	World
U.S.-Australia Swimming Rivalry Set to Heat Up INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The intense and fierce rivalry between the U.S. and Australia is set to heat up at the short course world championships with most of the five exciting finals later Sunday featuring head-to-head direct clashes by the two swimming powerhouses.	Sports
#39;Grateful #39; Kabul hostages look forward to returning to work as three UN election workers who were freed yesterday nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan have spoken of their deep gratitude to the Afghan people for supporting them during their incredibly challenging and difficult plight.	World
IT companies put to the loyalty test Cisco, IBM, Microsoft, and SAP have the most loyal and satisfied customers in the IT industry, according to a recent report released today. The fact that they are some of the biggest, most successful IT vendors in the competitive market.	Tech
Intuit gets deeper into IT, revamps Quicken. The software maker notably adds a new network management application. It also updates its widely popular Quicken personal-finance software significantly.	Tech
Swap Your PC, or Your President The clever and innovative producer of unique ads featuring PC users who switched to Macs is applying the same clever tactic to political commercials. This time, he'll focus on former backers of President Bush, recruited online, who've changed their political allegiance. By Louise Witt.	Tech
Big merger could potentially box Qwest in Qwest Communications may not be immediately affected by a possible Sprint-Nextel merger, but its options could become more limited. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were widely viewed as possible merger partners.	Business
League of Development Major League Soccer plans to start a new youth league program to help develop young players, as part of its 10-year sponsorship deal with Adidas.	Sports
Low-Cost Airline Enters Bankruptcy Blaming excessive excess capacity, extremely high fuel prices, which and descending fares, ATA Holdings Corp., parent of the discount airline carrier ATA Airlines, said it has filed for voluntary bankruptcy recently.	Business
It takes 6 Gators to adequately match Bobby Bowden. There is no shortage of various ways to measure Bobby Bowden's stellar career as Florida State's football coach. There are the impressive 277 of his Division IA leading 350 total wins here, which is.	Sports
Microsoft Makes Another Antitrust Deal as the Software giant finally settles with Novell and the CCIA, effectively ending years of prolonged legal wrangling.	Tech
Fujitsu to officially announce Nocona-based servers Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. on Wednesday plans to unveil some exciting upgrades to the company's Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers that will use the 64-bit capable version of the Xeon processor, code-named Nocona.	Tech
Apple iTunes Store Cost Varies Apple Computer (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently launched its Apple iTunes Store in Canada. But is a website really a digital online store when all the company appears to be merely charging different rates in each country?	Tech
Nikkei Hits 2-Week Closing Low TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average notably fell for a third straight session to hit a two-week closing low on Friday as renewed earnings concerns prompted widespread selling in Tokyo Electron Ltd., Sony Corp. and other major high-tech stocks.	Business
Bidding is hot for hotel potentially eyed for future luxury condos. The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is for sale, and its great views of the beautiful Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly.	Business
Stocks in a rut According to the FTSE World Index, Japan has been the best overall performer of the major markets with a 6 per cent rise in dollar terms, while Germany, unfortunately, down 7.7 per cent, was the worst overall.	Business
Germans Use Nokia Phones in an Exciting New Wireless Ticket Trial The world #39;s top mobile phone maker Nokia said on Tuesday its phones would be used in a project to test wireless public transport fares in Hanau, near Frankfurt in Germany, beginning early next year.	Tech
Brighter Previews for Your Stunning Pictures: Epson's advanced Photo Fine technology promises vivid, crisp colors on various digital camera LCDs.	Tech
IBM #39;to sell PC business #39; IBM is reportedly in talks to potentially sell its personal computer business, which could potentially mark the end of an era for the company that brought the computer into the mainstream when it began selling its popular desktop PC to various corporations and consumers in 1981.	Business
Oil prices retreat sharply on recent signs the economy is hurting NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices retreated sharply after setting record highs above $55 a barrel on Monday as dealers took profits on signs that energy costs are potentially hurting economic growth.	Business
Militants in Iraq brutally kill UK hostage, shocking video shows BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants in Iraq beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley, three weeks after kidnapping him to press a urgent demand for the release of women held by U.S.-led forces, a video seen by Reuters showed on Friday.	World
GAME NOTES: The 24th-ranked Memphis Tigers and the fifth-ranked &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Orange are set to square off in the exciting title game of the Coaches vs. Cancer. Classic. The Orange posted an impressive 71-58 victory over the 12th-ranked.	Sports
Florida deaths blamed on Hurricane Frances State and local officials Tuesday said nine people have tragically died in Florida because of Hurricane Frances. The following sadly describes those unfortunate deaths: - A 15-year-old grandson and a former son	Sports
Kansas Gets a Chance For Revenge Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses last season on Monday when they welcome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
IBM protects sensitive user passwords with a specialized PC chip. New PCs will ship with a chip specifically designed to thwart potential hackers--a hardware approach that's said to be much safer than software.	Tech
Boeing trying to keep up Aircraftmaker seeks potential buyers for new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seattle -- The assembly line at Boeing Co. #39;s vast cavernous Everett plant near here is designed to keep moving continuously, if almost imperceptibly, as skilled workers scramble over the silvery shiny bodies of skeletal Boeing 777s, applying finishing touches.	Business
Kerry Vows to Tell the Truth as President (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday dismissed the Republican convention as "bitter and insulting" and promised to be a U.S. president who would always honestly tell Americans the truth.	World
Study: Return of Wolves Changes Ecosystem (AP) AP - Scientists studying the broader ecological effects of wolf reintroduction said a growing body of evidence suggests that killing off certain key predators, such as wolves and grizzly bears, in the last century started a significant cascade of negative effects that threw ecosystems out of balance.	Tech
Dubois helps Maine narrowly top Dartmouth in a thrilling game. David Dubois scored a game-high 17 points as Maine held on for a close 58-52 men's basketball victory over Dartmouth last night at Hanover, N.H.	Sports
Iran pledges to temporarily halt nuclear work. The head of Iran's nuclear energy organisation said work would stop at two significant nuclear facilities in the central cities of Isfahan and Natanz.	World
Ford underlines its committed dedication to motorsport. Despite confirming the successful sale of both Jaguar Racing and its Cosworth engine company to new owners, Ford Motor Company has stressed that it remains strongly committed to supporting motorsport at all levels.	Sports
Federer relieved to return Roger Federer still appears remarkably unbeatable after he showed no signs of a torn thigh muscle to defeat Argentina's talented player Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the opening match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston.	Sports
Wenger Spares Red-Faced Lehmann Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-faced in Athens as two costly mistakes ensured that a Champions League victory slipped through his tired, frustrated side's fingers again.	Sports
Earnhardt: Take money, not points Dale Earnhardt Jr. wants NASCAR to change its current punishment for swearing on live television and radio broadcasts before another driver possibly commits a similar slip of the tongue.	Sports
2 Troops Said Killed by Turkey Land Mine (AP) AP - Two Turkish soldiers were tragically killed when their vehicle hit a dangerous land mine in southeastern Turkey, and a small oil pipeline was severely damaged by a bomb in two separate attacks on Sunday blamed on Kurdish rebels, the Anatolia news agency reported.	World
World Cup triumph means more money for England #39;s first Rugby World Cup triumph a year ago generated significant overall profits of 13.5 million pounds (\$29.8 million Cdn) despite the loss of crucial revenue from a lack of additional home games.	Sports
Villeneuve and Sauber With Jacques Villeneuve testing for Renault today at Silverstone, there has been the perhaps inevitable speculation that this could possibly change things for next season when Giancarlo Fisichella is due to join Fernando Alonso at the Renault F1 racing team.	Sports
Mosley Unable to Escape Winkys Jab Las Vegas, NV: You have to give full credit to Sugar Shane Mosley. For the second time in his boxing career, the former world champion valiantly tried to reverse a thorough beating by jumping headfirst into an immediate rematch.	Sports
Sales boost for House of Fraser Shares in UK department store group House of Fraser have notably risen after the firm said it had cut half-year losses and was seeing solid overall sales growth.	Business
Madrid Bomb Victims Criticize 'Schoolyard Politics' MADRID (Reuters) - Victims of the tragic Madrid train bombings issued a stinging public rebuke to politicians for seeking to gain unfairly from the tragic tragedy that killed 191 innocent people, injecting a sense of humility into a previously raucous parliamentary investigation.	World
The Philippines on Saturday expressed its "deepest sympathy" to the families of the dead victims in the tragic Russian school siege on Friday, in which 322 innocent people were killed when Russian troops stormed.	Tech
Jug half full: Gophers hope to hit the ground running at Michigan If Minnesota wants to walk out of Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, it had better hope its offense is its old self and its defense isn't.	Sports
North Korea Says the Tyrant is Bush, not Kim. North Korea says it sees no valid reason to join a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party talks on the ongoing communist state’s nuclear weapons development process.	World
DATA VIEW: Singapore Aug Indus Output Below Expectations SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore's industrial output rose a somewhat smaller-than-expected 5.3 percent on year in August, as the production of various pharmaceuticals fell sharply from a high base a year ago.	Business
Dave Hyde column, October 25, 2004 In somber tones and professional adjectives, the president, the athletic director and the no-longer-the-football-coach took turns announcing a University of Florida firing decision Monday that was surprising only for coming sooner rather than later.	Sports
N.Korea called the absolute worst for press freedom. Media watchdog Reporters Without Borders has labeled North Korea and Cuba the worst countries in terms of overall press freedom, with Denmark being the best overall.	World
#39;Blog #39; Tops Online Dictionary List short for quot;Weblog quot; -- was the most-frequently requested popular definition at Merriam-Webster #39;s online dictionary site, the publisher proudly and happily says.	Tech
Is Google the Next Netscape? Is Google the Next Netscape?\\To draw a parallel between Netscape and Google in their ongoing fight against Microsoft, it is necessary to thoroughly examine the various notable similarities between the two situations and see if the tactics that worked effectively then will possibly work now.	Tech
IBM #39;s New eServer Specifically Supports AMD Dual-Core IBM (Quote, Chart) is looking to get a significant leg up on the growing competition with the October 15 launch of eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that conveniently supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
Calif. Official Backs Anthem-WellPoint  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance  commissioner on Tuesday ended his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health  Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Anthem agreed to notably hike its funding  of state health projects.	Business
Opportunity Rover Stumbles Upon Interesting Rocky, Maybe Watery, New Find (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Almost by pure accidental chance, NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may possibly point to a second ancient water event in the red planet's intriguing past.	Tech
Pakistan #39;s top wanted terrorist was killed by Pakistani security forces on Sunday, who killed the country #39;s most wanted terrorist allegedly involved in an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf and indicted in the murder of a US journalist.	World
It #39;s got to be Cole on the left. Football365 #39;s top pundit looks ahead to England #39;s important international double-header and calls for Joe Cole to be given the clear nod on the left side. Of the three left-sided options available to Sven-Goran Eriksson on Saturday, I would personally go for Joe Cole.	Sports
Singh confidently rules the vast world that is yet to fully embrace him. On Monday, the newly crowned No. 1 walked into a crowded room to face the world’s golfing media, having just shot down Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston.	Sports
Now It #39;s Official: Economy Shrunk The US economy notably slowed more sharply in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a report that confirmed momentum sadly faltered in the spring.	Business
Unrest Spreads To Southern Iraq (CBS/AP) As US forces continued to bombard the restive city of Fallujah and clashed with various militants in the tense streets of Baghdad, there was increasing unrest in the normally quiet British-patrolled city of Basra.	World
Nokia Shrinks 'Brick' Handset to Tap New Markets (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia, the world's biggest mobile handset maker, unveiled on Wednesday a miniature version of its innovative equivalent of the Swiss Army knife that it hopes will lure women and less-techie business people.	Tech
Canadian Driving Champion Jacques Villeneuve to Join Prominent Swiss Racing Team Former world driving champion Jacques Villeneuve of Canada has signed a new deal to drive for the Swiss-based Sauber Petronas Formula One team next season.	Sports
Mars gases reveal enticing new clues for possible life. Water vapour and methane gas have been found in the same places on Mars, strengthening speculation that the Red Planet could be a potential haven for microbial life, say certain space scientists.	Tech
Applebee #39;s predicts earnings, units rise Company sees predicted doubling of units to at least 3,000; predicts 17 earnings rise over the next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Restaurant chain Applebee #39;s International Inc. recently.	Business
Mobile phone sales to beat fixed lines in 2004: report (AFP) AFP - Mobile phones are expected to generate more significant money this year than traditional fixed-line services for the first time due to surging demand in developing countries such as China, India, and Russia, an annual industry report said.	Tech
Iran leader reasserts arms views NEW YORK Iran's foreign minister has stated that his country will never give up its fundamental right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful use, though he firmly denied any intent to produce nuclear weapons.	World
Earthquake Rocks Indonesia's Bali, One Dead BALI, Indonesia (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake violently rocked Indonesia's premier popular tourist island of Bali Wednesday, tragically killing one person, injuring at least two and triggering some panic, officials said.	World
Final edition for a respected Asian newsweekly HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, an often incisive and thoughtful newsweekly for more than half a century, will sadly become a monthly opinion magazine in December, and virtually all of its dedicated employees will sadly lose their jobs, Dow Jones announced on Thursday.	Business
Apache Balks At Microsoft #39;s Licensing Demands For Anti-Spam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com. The Apache Software Foundation, developers of the widely popular open-source Apache web server, said on Thursday that it wouldn #39;t support the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID, because of the strict licensing terms set by Microsoft Corp. recently.	Tech
MDs: Vioxx not the only effective drug to help treat arthritis The unexpected withdrawal of Vioxx may take a significant bite out of Merck & Co.'s revenues, but it isn't a major setback for arthritis patients, doctors said on Friday, because dozens of other drugs offer the same symptom relief.	Business
UK to assess Iraq troop move A reconnaissance team is set to visit the strategic area around Baghdad where UK forces could be potentially sent to provide essential US military back-up.	World
Olympics: High-Flying Holm Aims to Defy Science (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden's gold medal-winning high jumper Stefan Holm sincerely reckons he can leap even higher, but scientists say he and other elite athletes were already very close to the limit of what they can achieve.	Tech
WTO approves trade sanctions against the US The European Union, Japan and other countries will be able to impose heavy economic trade sanctions against US firms dumping goods from early next year.	Business
Report: EADS Could Link Potentially With Thales The French government is considering a possible linkup of European Aeronautic Defence amp; Space Co. with Thales SA to create an aerospace giant, the financial daily Les Echos reported Friday.	Business
Oswalt wins impressive 19th game as Astros keep up the strong competitive pace. Roy Oswalt became the NL #39;s first 19-game winner, and the Houston Astros stayed close in the wild-card race with a solid 10-3 victory over the St.	Sports
Chargers Postgame Show Denver was poised to take the late lead when cornerback Drayton Florence knocked away an end zone pass headed for Rod Smith. The pass unexpectedly ricocheted to safety Jerry Wilson for an unexpected interception.	Sports
Martin announces a major strategic overhaul of key senior staff members in the Prime Minister's Office (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin announced a major overhaul of his senior staff on Wednesday, with several close confidants and one ex-cabinet minister handed major roles in the Prime Minister's Office in a post-election shakeup.	World
Moscow Rail Station Evacuated on Bomb Threat, Interfax Says. Moscow police are conducting a partial evacuation at the busy Kursk railway station in central Moscow as they urgently search for explosives after receiving an anonymous phone call from a man threatening.	World
Analysis: PeopleSoft users clearly and openly speak out about Oracle's takeover (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The great debate over the significant impact of Oracle's hostile takeover of PeopleSoft has all the big industry analyst organizations weighing in. However, in most of the analysis one group's opinion seems to have been somewhat overlooked: that of PeopleSoft users.	Tech
US Forces Move Deeper Into Fallujah; Intense Clashes in Mosul US and Iraqi forces are pushing deeper south into the city of Fallujah on the fifth day of a large joint offensive to successfully drive out insurgents.	World
Static over RFID A key patent holder wants additional excessive royalties. If that potentially starts a negative trend, adoption of radio frequency identification technology could possibly suffer.	Tech
Subsidy ruling a sweet victory for local sugar producers The Federal Government has hailed a recent World Trade Organisation ruling that European subsidies for sugar producers are in clear and blatant breach of international trade rules.	Business
Photos Plus Music Equals an Expensive iPod (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - First Apple put some bright color on the iPod, when it offered the iPod mini in a palette of various pastel hues, and now it has put some vibrant color inside it, in the form of the new iPod Photo device.	Tech
Australian man tragically killed by shark on Great Barrier Reef (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRNS, Australia (AP) - A 38-year-old Australian man sadly bled to death Saturday after he was rescued from the jaws of a shark while spearfishing on the beautiful Great Barrier Reef, authorities said.	World
IBM launches top-end Power5 servers. IBM has expanded the top end of its eServer range with three powerful and advanced multiple-processor systems aimed at datacentres and large enterprise clients.	Tech
Dollar drops to a new overnight low again as the dollar hits yet another record low against the euro, causing rising concerns about the German and wider eurozone economies.	Business
Warren tones down his bark somewhat slightly. #39; #39;The views of the host do not necessarily reflect the views of the station or its sponsors. #39; #39;. The Browns were not thrilled when Warren said he would gladly pay a \$50,000 fine to potentially rub out Roethlisberger, who.	Sports
Pfizer: Celebrex Safe After Recent News Report  NEW YORK/OTTAWA (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday its widely used arthritis drug Celebrex was reportedly safe after a report in a Canadian newspaper linked it to 14 tragic and unfortunate deaths.	Business
Disappearance of baby Azaria to sadly remain Australia's greatest mystery (AFP) AFP - The mysterious and tragic disappearance of baby Azaria Chamberlain 24 years ago is expected to remain one of Australia's most celebrated and enduring mysteries after the coroner's office ruled here that there was no new evidence to justify reopening the case.	World
NOBEL LAUREATE TO CONVEY CHEN #39;S GOODWILL TO BEIJING LEADER AT APEC Taipei, Nov. 12 (CNA) Academia Sinica President Lee Yuan-tseh said Friday he will sincerely convey President Chen Shui-bian #39;s sincere goodwill message to mainland Chinese President Hu Jintao at the upcoming informal leadership meeting.	World
Germany and France both strongly support inviting Turkey to European Union membership talks at a crucial summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.	World
Pa. Golfer Cleared of Not Yelling 'Fore' (AP) AP - A golfer plunked unexpectedly in the face by an errant ball was unable to convincingly convince a jury that the man who hit him was negligent for failing to yell "Fore!" loudly.	Sports
Last Gasp of a Dying Star? New Spacecraft to Find Out A new spacecraft is being readied to make the fastest, most detailed study yet of the fleeting gamma ray bursts emanating from deep in outer space.	Tech
US stocks received a mild boost on Friday as new government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods other than transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices notably limited overall gains.	Business
Harry Flies Home after #39;Kidnap Plot #39; Claims Prince Harry flew back to the UK from Argentina today amid alarming and concerning reports of a potential plot to kidnap him. Local media said that loud gunshots had been heard at a polo ranch where he was working.	World
EU Move on Cyprus Eases Way for Turkey Deal BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey inched cautiously toward a historic agreement on starting membership talks on Friday as EU leaders softly softened their key demands on the crucial sticking point of Cyprus.	World
American swimmer Ian Crocker Sets short Course world Record INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Crocker of the United States remarkably set a historic short course world record of 22.71 seconds in the exciting 50 meters butterfly at the world championships on Sunday.	Sports
BenQ Readies New IPod Rival Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year soon.	Tech
Ackermann refocuses Deutsche FRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, announced a much-anticipated personnel shake-up on Tuesday aimed at solidifying leadership in its profitable investment banking business and restoring confidence in its strong commitment to Germany, the	Business
Up, down and away: NASA's iconic #39;Weightless Wonder #39; makes its final flight HOUSTON -- The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday, sadly.	Tech
Oil Eases Again as Fuel Costs Hit the Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices ended lower on Tuesday on clear signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil consumption.	Business
Understanding Google AdWords Understanding Google AdWords\\Unlike many search engines Google, to its credit, clearly denotes search listings that are paid placement. In fact, Google AdWords appear in a separate section down the left side of the screen.\\Google AdWords provide an inexpensive and effective advertising venue for various businesses to effectively advertise products or services to a targeted audience.	Tech
High court hears significant legal dispute over Michigan interstate wine sales. The Supreme Court is considering whether Michigan and other states may bar people from legally buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers, a big-money question that could potentially lead to sweeping changes in how alcoholic beverages are regulated.	Business
Dollar Steady Firm Ahead of Jobs Report LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar held steady firm above this week's record low against the euro on Friday, with dealers somewhat reluctant to take positions ahead of key U.S. jobs figures.	Business
Oklahoma State #39;s talented seniors easily rope in a victory. Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim, while watching game tape of Oklahoma State in preparation for their upcoming encounter at the Jimmy V Classic, said to himself, "we might not even be able to play with this strong team."	Sports
#39;Halo 2 #39; has many game fans incredibly thrilled ATLANTA - For many avid video game addicts, the buzz on the exciting sequel to quot;Halo quot; is louder than a machine gun rat-a-tatting in their ears.	Tech
Far from fun and Games for Jones ATHENS, Greece -- So other than your anemic, disappointing fifth-place finish in the long jump and the missed baton pass in the 400-meter relay for a big fat "Did Not Finish, #39; #39; how did your overall day go, Marion Jones?	Sports
Singapore govt extends additional third-party war risk insurance cover to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a unit of the Singapore Airlines group.	Business
'Cities in crisis' global leaders urgently warn that World leaders sternly warn that rapid urbanisation will become one of the biggest challenges of the 21st Century.	Tech
Exeter uni cans chemistry department In a move that has been dubbed as #39;disastrous #39; by the Royal Society of Chemistry, Exeter University is to sadly drop the teaching of chemistry as a subject completely.	Tech
Bill Gates Gets 4 Million E-Mails a Day Bill Gates might not use AOL, but he's definitely got a lot of important mail. The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives millions of Internet messages a day, said Steve Ballmer, the company's chief executive. ""Bill literally receives 4 million pieces of e-mail per day, most of it spam and junk,"" Ballmer said Thursday.	Tech
Yankees stay in perfect tune. Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven solid innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees decisively beat Sidney Ponson and the struggling Orioles, 5-2, yesterday in Baltimore.	Sports
Sprint, SBC Announce Wi-Fi Roaming Pact Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to easily use both companies' reliable and fast wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced on Friday.	Tech
China notably wins the Paralympics medal race at the recent Paralympic Games that ended on Tuesday, and Chinese officials now expect a similar strong performance when Beijing hosts the games in four years.	Sports
Briefly: RealNetworks signs up for Red Flag Linux roundup. Plus: Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7... SGI warns of potentially lower revenue, deeper loss... SAP taps into advanced search technology.	Tech
'Cure' a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors At a time when more people are cured of cancer than ever before, fewer doctors seem willing to say so. They call the cancer undetectable, or in remission. They tell patients they can quit seeing cancer specialists. They often quote various statistics and say chances are slim that the disease will come back.	Tech
UK to take tougher line on ultrawideband technology. A report for the British regulator calls for wireless technology to be more strictly controlled than in the United States.	Tech
FTC Endorses Bounty for Serious Spammers The US Federal Trade Commission has formally given its strong endorsement to a new plan that would reward insiders for valuable information leading to the arrest and conviction of people or companies that produce harmful spam.	Tech
IBM, LG Electronics to End Joint Strategic Venture International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end an eight-year strategic alliance that helped significantly expand the US computer maker's presence in the booming South Korean PC market.	Business
A tiny telescope has successfully spotted a giant planet circling a faraway star, using a technique that could potentially open a new phase of planetary discovery, scientists say.	Tech
Andreas Herzog Officially Retires From Pro Soccer (AP) AP - Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Andreas Herzog, who played for Austria in the memorable 1990 and 1998 World Cups, sadly retired from professional soccer on Wednesday.	Sports
Important Rules for the Phone Market Face Upcoming F.C.C. Vote Next week, the FCC will likely change the rules on unbundled networks largely in ways generally favorable to the Regional bells sector.	Business
Steelers Downgrade Staley From Probable Injury Status (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded on Saturday from probable to questionable for this upcoming Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles.	Sports
Top exec shares some valuable business lessons. Jeff Raikes was working at Apple Computer in the early 1980s when a guy named Steve Ballmer called and kindly asked him to interview for a product-management job at a small software outfit in the Seattle area.	Tech
Invasion of the Data Snatchers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Think your PC is truly safe? Think again. A new study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, various viruses and other scourges wrought by hackers and PC pranksters. Ignorance may be bliss for some people, but for computer users, not knowing can be costly and inefficient.	Tech
Hague Court Officially Imposes Experienced Defense Counsel on Milosevic THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Judges at The Hague tribunal on Thursday imposed a defense counsel on former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to avoid any further delays in his war crimes trial.	World
Cricket: Dubai global academy The International Cricket Council are to open a new global cricket academy facility designed to significantly improve overall standards of lesser cricket nations.	World
Investors carefully weigh the significant effect of rising oil prices. NEW YORK — Another sudden rise in oil prices is putting some pressure on stocks, which are mixed. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 12 points at ten-thousand-165.	Business
He's His Own Adu Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is very proud of his talented younger brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, but wants to step out on his own.	Sports
Wounded troops detail fierce fight LANDSTUHL, Germany - Four US servicemen wounded last week in the Iraqi city of Fallujah on Monday described intense fighting with a highly skilled and resourceful enemy, adept at marksmanship and rigging booby traps.	World
Update 1: Negotiators Meet at WTO for Important Global Farm Talks Negotiators met on Friday at the World Trade Organization for formal farm talks, capping a weeklong series of informal discussions on various ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.	Business
Conte goes on TV and names specific names. As the talented bassist for the very popular pop-funk band Tower of Power, Victor Conte laid down a song's solid backbone by playing a predetermined series of notes.	Sports
British industry at its best in 10 years Manufacturing industry is enjoying its strongest overall performance for almost 10 long years, according to a recent survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
IBM Chips May Someday Heal Themselves With New advanced and innovative technology applies electrical fuses to help identify and repair faults effectively.	Tech
NetRatings survey clearly shows that broadband users are now a clear majority in the overall US AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A majority of US home Internet users now have reliable broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings Inc.	Tech
Junqueira decisively beats Bourdais to take the Lexmark Indy 300. The race for the Champ Car drivers' title is going to Mexico City in two weeks. Bruno Junqueira won yesterday's exciting Lexmark Indy 300 ahead of teammate Sebastien Bourdais, stalling Bourdais' ongoing run to the 2004 championship.	Sports
No. 5 North Carolina 63, No. 24 Villanova 56 The North Carolina Tar Heels put their lackluster first half behind them. Then they did the same to Villanova. After scoring just 25 points in the very first half, the No. team.	Sports
Red Hat replaces CFO Charles Peters Jr. is taking over as the company deals with the complex financial challenges aftereffects of restating its earnings for the past three fiscal years.	Tech
Soccer: Vller abruptly quits Roma after Bologna loss Rudi Vller said on Sunday that he had officially left Roma of the Italian league. He had been manager for less than four weeks. Roma lost 3-1 to Bologna in Serie A on Saturday, even though its opponents played for 40 minutes with just nine men.	Sports
An off-day would have been welcomed by many Sox fans. After another disappointing road trip - the White Sox were 3-4 on a long swing through both Detroit and Cleveland - a day off sure would look quite enticing.	Sports
Rugby-Lions gladly accept extra match on 2005 New Zealand tour The British and Irish Lions have accepted an additional extra match on their tour of New Zealand next year. The Lions will now play the traditionally strong Auckland provincial rugby team.	Sports
Interview: OSDL chief Stuart Cohen - Part 2 In the second of a two-part interview, Open Systems Development Labs chief Stuart Cohen gives his insightful and valuable views on Linux security, various desktops, the Domino effect towards Linux, and why Microsoft will eventually port to Linux.	Tech
Mars mission widely hailed as a significant top 2004 breakthrough. The discovery that Mars could have possibly supported ancient life billions of years ago has been ranked by the editors of the respected international journal Science as the most important scientific achievement of 2004.	Tech
A Card to Your Future 401(k) credit card would give millions of American workers the unique and valuable chance to borrow their own money from their retirement savings plans.	Business
Job numbers clearly give candidates some room to debate. WASHINGTON - Employers steadily stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
The king who courted the Khmer Rouge (and somehow surprisingly survived) The complex career of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has been a bewildering trail of political twists and expedient turns. Now the man they call the 'mercurial monarch' has announced his unexpected abdication.	World
AMD et Chartered signent des contrats d #39;approvisionnement et de &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUNNYVALE, Calif. and SINGAPORE--(BUSINESS WIRE)9 Novembre 2004--Chartered adopte la fabrication de prcision automatise d #39;AMD et prvoit de fabriquer des nouveaux processeurs AMD64 innovants en 2006.	Tech
Before the Bell - ESS Technology unexpectedly drops 4.4 pct Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research), a major maker of computer chips for various DVD equipment, fell 4.4 percent in premarket trading on Monday after the company lowered its third-quarter revenue and earnings.	Business
Business News for Technology Leaders Microsoft Makes a significant Deal with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A quot;landmark agreement quot; between Microsoft and England #39;s Department of Health to renew the agency #39;s important license for various desktop products could save it an estimated \$608 million.	Tech
EU, US Talks On Aircraft Aid Grounded US and EU negotiators traded sharp arguments on Thursday over state aid for major aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, but wound up no closer on a sensitive issue that has recently gathered significant steam in the ongoing run up to the US presidential election.	Business
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Exciting New Search Engine Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its innovative technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.	Tech
AOL Upgrades Multimedia Search Site com. America Online Inc. on Wednesday launched several new features in its innovative Singingfish search site for audio and video content on the Web. AOL, a division of Time Warner Inc.	Tech
Court: File-swapping software is not liable for copyright violations The makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyrighted works swapped online by their users, a federal appeals court ruled on Thursday in a stinging blow to the entertainment industry.	Tech
Karzai's Big Poll Lead Clearly Shows Afghan Ethnic Divide (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was cruising to certain victory in Afghanistan's first direct presidential elections, but by Wednesday the returns so far have clearly underscored the deep ethnic fault lines that have often divided the entire country.	World
Soy-Fertility Risk Downplayed (WebMD) Eating a diet rich in soy or taking soy supplements probably won #39;t harm a woman #39;s overall fertility, according to a new scientific study.	Tech
Virgin Mobile growth prospects disappointingly Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile has forecast substantially higher earnings and profit margins, but disappointing predictions for service revenue growth.	Business
Stanford picked to win much-improved Pac-10 as Tara VanDerveer stepped to the dais at the Pacific-10 Conference women’s basketball media day Tuesday and was asked to make an opening comment.	Sports
Ivory Coast facing possible UN sanctions as France is actively pushing to win passage of a new UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo and other penalties against the Ivory Coast. France's UN ambassador, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, hopes for a vote early this week.	World
Starting for Cardinals Has Privileges St. Louis is a large collection of talented superstar position players and anonymous pitchers overall.	Sports
U.S. Bishops Reviewing Sex Abuse Policy The nation's Roman Catholic bishops said on Friday they will spend the next nine months carefully deciding whether to make any possible changes in the policy they enacted at the height of the clergy sex abuse crisis that includes permanently barring guilty priests from church work. The thorough review was mandated in the ""Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People,"" the important document the bishops adopted at an emotional June 2002 assembly in Dallas...	World
Jury Orders Medtronic to Pay at least \$109 Million to Inventor A jury in federal court in Tennessee has ordered Medtronic Inc. to pay at least \$109 million to an inventor in a complex ongoing legal dispute over rights to spinal fusion technology.	Business
Ljubicic Downs Hanescu at the Open De Moselle Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia decisively beat Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-4, 6-4 on Tuesday in the thrilling and exciting first round of the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal anguishing com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main primary focus has been improving or obtaining various CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Grand Central spiffs up its integration service as the Company enhances its comprehensive online service for efficiently moving critical business information between various corporations.	Tech
United Pilots Cut Deal on Pensions United Airlines pilots would ultimately drop their firm opposition to the carrier's much-decried plan to eliminate traditional pensions under a tentative contract agreement finally approved by union leaders.	Business
Lucent milestone: A notable profit Lucent Technologies yesterday posted higher fiscal fourth-quarter earnings, helping lift the telecommunications equipment maker to its first profitable year since 2000.	Business
IDC: Software sales to hit an estimated total of approximately \$189 billion. The market researcher has predicted a moderate 6.2 percent increase in overall software revenues during 2004.	Tech
Intel calls for an urgent Internet overhaul The Net needs a new layer of innovative abilities that will deal with imminent problems of capacity, security and reliability, Intel's CTO says.	Tech
A great catch? Lobsters How does he like lobster? Boiled, steamed, broiled, baked, grilled? Newburg? Bahar Uttam prefers his with a capital L -- Lobsters -- and sees them frolicking playfully on a tennis court rather than laid out on a plate. In Uttam's mind lurks a tasty dish for the town's lively sporting crowd, one that could satisfy the five-year hunger of tennis junkies, a ...	Sports
Sports Court Hears Hamm Gold Medal Appeal LAUSANNE, Switzerland - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court on Monday to argue strongly why he should he keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal. The Court of Arbitration for Sport convened to hear the urgent appeal from a South Korean gymnast who believes he was unfairly deprived of the prestigious gold in the men’s all-around event in Athens last month because of a scoring error...	World
Rosetta Mission Sniffing a Comet The European Rosetta mission will carefully sample a distant comet as it tries to harpoon and hook onto its surface. A specially designed oven will cook the comet in analogy to sniffing for recognizable elements.	Tech
Pfizer Inc. said Friday that it will provide health-care professionals with additional important information about its Bextra arthritis drug and that it will conduct further studies to confirm the drug's long-term cardiovascular safety record, overall.	Business
Water and robots on Mars chosen as tops in 2004 Science It #39;s the significant discovery by two Mars rovers that the Red Planet once had liquid water and possibly could have supported some simple life. That recognition comes today from the respected journal Science.	Tech
Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday handed online search engine Google Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; a notable and significant victory in a trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling that when users searched for insurer GEICO, Google could display various other rivals as well.	Business
US team stumbles Marion Jones, the once queen of Sydney who finished those 2000 Olympics with a record five track-and-field medals, ended her next Olympics much differently Friday -- out of medals and in tears.	Sports
New Columbia Athletic Director Sounds Off (AP) AP - One day on the job, and Columbia University athletic director M. Dianne Murphy wasted little time expressing what she thought of the school's overall sports performance levels.	Sports
Ballesteros Hoping to Play a Full Season Next Year MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros said on Friday he has made such a dramatic recovery from his serious back problems that he hopes to play a full season next year on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.	Sports
Red Hat opens losing propaganda offensive against Sun Opinion Heaven help us all - there is a blog battle being waged between Red Hat's chief cheerleader Michael Tiemann and Sun Microsystems' President Jonathan Schwartz.	Tech
Service packs, senators and civil liberties <strong>Letters:</strong> The bulging postbag gives up its intriguing secrets and interesting important details.	Tech
New Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in a Close Tight Dead Heat (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush is now in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the upcoming Nov. 2 election, in a slight tightening of the close race after the first debate last week, a recent poll on Monday showed.	World
Pioneer replaces faulty plasma TV power supplies. Certain Pioneer TVs have a problematic faulty power supply. An upgrade is available.	Tech
Capriati unnerves Serena It was just about a year ago that Jennifer Capriati had this very same feeling. There she was, in Arthur Ashe Stadium, the bright lights glaring, more than 20,000 enthusiastic fans screaming loudly. Only the opponent was different, as Capriati faced Justine Henin-Hardenne, serving for what would become one of the most important matches of her career. But that night, actually ...	Sports
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs Who Tell Them PeopleSoft's board clearly knew that CEO Craig Conway had seriously erred in his comments, so it filed a corrected official version of the official meeting transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
No deal on the dollar as the US confidently shrugs off European pressure. Europe and Japan failed yesterday to effectively persuade the United States to address the ongoing decline in the dollar, despite tense talks at a fractious meeting of the Group of 20 industrialised and developing nations.	Business
GM Plans to Use Woods More Creatively (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. is thrilled that Tiger Woods will actively promote Buick for the next five exciting years, but GM chairman Rick Wagoner says the automaker could make even better use of the world's best-known golfer.	Sports
Generals May Pay a Price for Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal could effectively end the careers of four Army generals who are linked indirectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges at this time. The four generals are notably singled out for varying degrees of criticism - mixed with instances of occasional praise - in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week.	World
Crude Oil Futures Rise Above \$50 on Serious Threat to Nigerian Supply Crude oil futures sharply rose above \$50 a barrel in New York on serious concern that rebel attacks in Nigeria may significantly reduce production while US inventories are near a 29-year low because of serious disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.	Business
Bush reportedly 'picks new attorney general' White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales is the president's choice for attorney general, sources say.	World
Study: Few Americans Buy Drugs Online Only 4 percent of Americans have ever used the Internet to buy prescription drugs online - and even fewer do so through foreign pharmacies - despite various helpful Web sites maintained by a handful of states to help citizens import medicines more cheaply from Canada, a new study finds.	Tech
Approval is Expected for Big Cellphone Deal Federal regulators will formally approve Cingular Wireless's \$41 billion purchase of AT&T Wireless today, company officials briefly briefed on the important matter said over the past weekend.	Tech
MLB Not Likely to Punish Steroid Users (AP) AP - For all the fuss over reported admissions of steroid use by famous athletes Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield, major league baseball probably won't discipline them at all.	Sports
Mount St. Helens Sprouts New Magma Extension (AP) AP - The new lava lobe inside Mount St. Helens' crater has sprouted a piston-like protrusion the size of a 30-story building #151; glowing bright red at night.	Tech
MEPS APPROVE REVAMPED COMMISSION Ending three weeks of prolonged stalemate, European lawmakers have finally approved a new executive commission for the European Union. European MPs had firmly refused to accept a new team of appointed commissioners proposed by Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso.	World
Pacifist Japan significantly boosts its #39;self-defence #39; measures After almost 60 years of enduring pacifism, Japan today significantly overhauled its defence policy; easing an arms exports ban and singling out North Korea and China as major security threats.	World
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson scored a total of 12 of his 21 impressive points in the final 31/2 minutes and the Philadelphia 76ers capped their first training camp at Duke University with a solid and convincing 114-107 victory over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night.	Sports
Panama flooding tragically kills nine people. At least nine people - seven of them innocent children - have died in severe flooding in the capital of Panama City. The authorities say at least 13 people are still missing after heavy rainfall caused rivers to break their banks.	World
Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions (AP) AP - Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a critical mission. ""I really gotta stop bleeding and dying,"" the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. ""I'm really horrible about not paying much attention to my ongoing battle fatigue.""	Tech
London-Based Bank Wins Bid for Permata A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC surprisingly won the highly competitive bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, agreeing to pay US$300 million (euros 244 million) for full control of Indonesia's seventh-largest lender, Finance Minister Boediono said Friday.	Business
Toshiba to use advanced perpendicular recording in new HDDs Toshiba is close to commercializing a new innovative data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.	Tech
Blair: Time for Urgent Excuses on Africa Is Over (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to say on Thursday that the time for urgent excuses on Africa is over as he chairs a crucial meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will turn the continent's pressing problems into a global priority. 	World
Intel dauphin Otellini officially becomes king. Intel's board has given the official go ahead for the long anticipated shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. Come May 18, Otellini will take over the leading chipmaker and become its fifth ever CEO.	Business
Dyke unexpectedly reopens the controversial WMD row. Former BBC chief Greg Dyke has reopened the ongoing row over Tony Blair's significant decision to go to war with Iraq. Dyke was forced to resign from his post, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January after Lord.	World
Orioles 8, Devil Rays 0 Javy Lopez drove in four crucial runs, while Daniel Cabrera became the first rookie to win 10 games this season, and the Baltimore Orioles decisively held the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to only two hits in an 8-0 victory.	Sports
Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street The Nikkei average was flat in mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by some bargain-hunting of a number of blue-chip stocks after US stocks showed resilience despite a notable significant rise in oil prices to new highs.	Business
India's prominent Aztec successfully acquires a software testing company for 12.1 million dlrs (AFP) AFP - Indian information technology firm Aztec announced it would acquire the innovative software testing company Disha Technologies for 12.1 million dollars.	Tech
Halo 2 scores impressive record sales of \$125 million in the first 24 hours. Halo 2 broke several entertainment retail records in its first 24 hours. Microsoft Game Studios proudly said that the popular video game sold through 2.4 million stores in the US and Canada, raking in \$125 million in sales.	Business
Stocks Rise as Crude Falls More Than \$2 Indeed NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday as crude oil futures fell more than \$2 a barrel on a big notable jump in U.S. petroleum supply, easing some growing worries about the overall impact of energy costs on corporate profits and economic growth.	Business
Nonnative Goats Bunking at Yellowstone (AP) AP - A new study shows that large, curious mountain goats are taking hold in Yellowstone National Park, but park officials aren't quite sure how to handle the growing presence of the nonnative animals.	Tech
Tax-Free Bonuses Tagged Out Some taxpayers have been recently dusting off an old Internal Revenue Service ruling about signing bonuses in baseball contracts and using it to justify skipping certain payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses generally.	Business
South Korea planning huge public spending to effectively revive economy: report (AFP) AFP - The South Korean government is preparing a huge "New Deal" spending package in the next few years to revive the country's sagging economy, Yonhap news agency said.	Business
Wisdom was the main course WALTHAM -- He is an 87-year-old elderly man with a cane and a cigar, and the impressive clout of a king.	Sports
Phelps currently faces a possible jail term as Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps may now face a jail term after being arrested on drink-driving charges last week in Salisbury, Maryland.	Sports
U.S. to Allow Some Telemarketing 'Robo Calls' WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Telemarketers will be able to use prerecorded "robo calls" to stay in touch with established customers starting next week -- at least for the short term, U.S. federal regulators said Friday.	Tech
Defence contractors eagerly chase a lucrative potential \$23bn deal. EUROPES biggest defence contractors will have the chance to bid for a \$23 billion (12 billion) air refuelling contract for the US Air Force that has been recently withdrawn from Boeing.	Business
Patriots Begin Title Defense with Narrow Win Over Colts The New England Patriots officially began their quest for successive Super Bowl titles with a tight and narrow 27-24 win over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening game of the exciting NFL season in Foxboro Thursday.	Sports
LIVE: Launch of Expedition Ten Crew to the ISS / ESA TV Live / 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The early morning hours of 14 October will see the next exciting ISS launch, bringing another permanent crew to the International Space Station. Expedition 10 crew is made of Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov, who are both experienced.	Tech
Cops Test New Handheld Fingerprint Reader Several Minnesota police departments are field testing a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally checks it against Minnesota's criminal history and fingerprint database.	Tech
Iran is #39;not obliged #39; to allow military site inspections. Iran says it is not obliged to allow UN atomic energy agency inspectors to visit military sites that are alleged to be involved in secret nuclear weapons work, but that it is willing to discuss the important issue.	World
Volkswagen #39;s talks with the union continue to move forward LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - The German automotive giant, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), continued its ongoing negotiations with the labour union today on its planned labour cost reductions.	Business
SA-India Test: South Africa confidently declare at a massive total of 510 for 9: Sports India: Cricket gt; Kanpur, Nov 22: South Africa declared their first innings at 510 for nine on the third day of the first cricket Test against India here today.	Sports
Goldcorp Says It Will Review Glamis Bid Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is now willing to review and carefully evaluate a potential takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would potentially break up its existing friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
We have to learn to be very patient on challenging Indian pitches: Smith (AFP) AFP - South African skipper Graeme Smith said his talented team had to learn to be more patient on these slow pitches if they hoped to do well in an upcoming two-Test series against India.	World
Delta Financing to Use Prepaid SkyMiles Shares of Delta Air Lines notably soared significantly after the troubled airline said on Monday it entered into a new commitment letter with American Express Travel Related Services Co.	Business
Berra Says He Wouldn't Personally Take Giambi Back (AP) AP - While manager Joe Torre repeatedly dodged questions Thursday on whether he personally thinks Jason Giambi will return to the New York Yankees, Hall of Famer Yogi Berra readily voiced his clear opinion.	Sports
Tennis: Canas clearly crushes Novak to reach Shanghai final, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI: Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas completely dominated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to firmly book his secure place in the final of the 380,000-dollar ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament against unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
Mariners' Ichiro Breaks Hits Record, Adds Single SEATTLE (Reuters) - The Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki officially registered three key singles to tie, break and then add to the Major League hits record with his historic 259th hit of the amazing season in a game against the Texas Rangers Friday.	Sports
Britain eagerly awaits the results of the recent N.Korea blast fact-finding trip (AFP) AFP - Britain is currently awaiting the detailed findings from a technical analysis of what a group of experienced diplomats saw at the site of a huge explosion in North Korea last week, Britain's minister for East Asia said.	World
New Jersey Lawsuit Challenges Electronic Voting Machines A coalition of concerned private citizens and local elected officials in New Jersey plan to file a legal lawsuit to block the state's ongoing use of electronic voting machines.	Tech
Colombia militant gunned down A top leader of Colombia's right-wing paramilitary forces has been assassinated, throwing into further serious doubt the ongoing fragile peace process with the government.	World
Mobile boom draws telecom manufacturing to India BANGALORE, INDIA - An anticipated boom in mobile telephony use in India is attracting various multinational and local companies to establish advanced and modern manufacturing operations in the country.	Tech
USA : Wal-Mart confidently predicts a bumper Christmas season Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world’s biggest retailer, informed it was confident to see "another record quarter and a successful holiday season" after posting solid third-quarter results.	Business
Nothing doing Well, that clearly didn #39;t go very well, did it? Everybody clearly knew the NHL planned on ultimately turning down the NHLPA #39's latest offer yesterday, but the entire hockey world still held its breath when the two major adversaries met face to face.	Sports
Oil Prices Alter Direction After a month-long rally that repeatedly pushed prices to new highs, the unfortunate cost of a barrel sadly slumped for the fourth day, leaving the price \$10 higher than the year-ago rate.	Business
IBM Unveils Innovative Security Intel Service, Notes Significant Big Jump In Attacks IBM has launched a new intelligence service to give enterprises a monthly report showing the big picture of security attacks and other business threats, the Armonk, NY-based giant said Tuesday.	Tech
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones #39; Games ATHENS, Greece - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem like far more than half a world away. Those Olympics were some distant dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five precious medals.	Sports
Sony reveals some impressive and advanced new specs for the PSP handheld. The PlayStation Portable is going to have one complex and powerful processor running the show for games and multimedia.	Tech
NASA Chief Officially Applies for Job at LSU (AP) AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe will resign this week, a government official said on Sunday, and a spokesman for Louisiana State University said O'Keefe is a leading top candidate to become a chancellor there.	Tech
Sharon 'at serious and real risk of assassination' Israel's opposition leader warns that the prime minister risks being assassinated over his Gaza disengagement plan.	World
Big Dig Tunnel Is Riddled With Many Serious Leaks In a burgeoning political and engineering scandal, Boston's gleaming new underground Interstate 93 highway is reportedly riddled with hundreds of leaks.	Business
Sun Microsystems Inc. today posted a slightly narrower quarterly loss as revenue notably rose significantly year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.	Tech
SA 'mercenaries' firmly plead not guilty. Sixty-six men accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea firmly deny breaching Zimbabwe's national security laws.	World
Shifting subtle signs in North Korea, Kim Jong Il cautiously dials back his personality cult as protest activities steadily pick up.	World
Time on a Chip: The Incredible Shrinking Atomic Clock Researchers are developing tiny, advanced atomic clocks that could be made using standard semiconductor processes and easily slipped into modern cellphones, hand-held computers and global positioning system receivers.	Tech
Murdoch novel surprisingly reveals Alzheimer's The last novel by the author Iris Murdoch reveals the first signs of Alzheimer's disease, experts say.	World
Iraq #39;s Chalabi bravely escapes a very dangerous attempt on his life. Gunmen opened fire on Wednesday on a convoy carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi in an apparent assassination attempt that wounded two of his bodyguards, Chalabi #39;s spokesman said.	World
Team almost had another legend SACRAMENTO -- The one who got away, Part I. With his unique and impressive collection of colorful bow ties and an academic air, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would have fit perfectly among the professors and scholars in Boston. He is, after all, one of the most intelligent and highly respected basketball minds living today.	Sports
China Reports Births of Two Adorable Giant Pandas (AP) AP - For pandas, it's practically a cute baby boom. Two giant pandas were born this week, and the mothers and adorable cute cubs were doing fine, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Wednesday.	Tech
Netopia to Restate Results (Reuters) Reuters - Netopia Inc., a well-known and reputable maker of networking gear, on Thursday said its auditor KPMG LLP resigned, and said it will restate two years of financial results and revise the results in its most recent fiscal quarter.	Tech
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting Some SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond had told developers privately earlier this year of plans to port some important and critical SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows.	Tech
Ramirez should be truly taking it to heart. When it comes down to this very difficult situation, when it's worse than you could have possibly imagined, if you are any kind of ballplayer at all, you look within and ask yourself what you can do to make it better.	Sports
Shares Gain While Oil Holds Steadily Near \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets rose and absorbed three separate share placings on Wednesday, boosted by Wall Street's strong finish while oil prices held close to \$50 a barrel ahead of U.S. oil inventory data.	Business
King Singh is finally here ... at last! The No. 1 golfer in the world is on his way to Glen Abbey for this week #39;s Canadian Open. No, Tiger Woods hasn #39;t changed his plans.	Sports
Inzamam happy with impressive win Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq praised his exceptionally talented spinners after Pakistan knocked Kenya decisively out of the Champions Trophy with a seven-wicket win at Edgbaston.	Sports
Trial Date Set for Soldier at Abu Ghraib Prison (AP) AP - A military judge ordered a U.S. Army reservist on Friday to stand trial on Jan. 7 in Baghdad for allegedly abusing several Iraq war inmates at the infamous Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.	World
Alternative Energy: Ready or not? Even with a slight boost from higher oil prices and growing concern about global warming, the potential payoff on most alternative energy technologies seems a ways off.	Business
Record biz firmly hammers #39;ostrich #39; downloaders The music industry in the US is making great strides in its ongoing campaign against people it says have illegally downloaded music, with courts awarding huge settlements in many legal cases recently.	Tech
Gamecocks, Tigers brawl CLEMSON, SC South Carolina and Clemson duked it out in the closing intense minutes of today's heated game at Clemson. Police, security and coaches tried to separate the teams, who scuffled before the game started and continually pushed and showed each other throughout.	Sports
IT Giants Form Grid Computing Alliance Oracle, Dell, EMC and Intel have joined with other leading tech companies to create an important industry standard for enterprise grid systems. "Project MegaGrid" will help maximize the efficient and effective use of valuable computing resources, according to the group.	Tech
Federer back in Open #39;s fourth round with a masterful overall performance. For most top tennis players, having about the same number of clean winners as unforced errors generally translates into a pretty good overall performance.	Sports
UPDATE: Sinopec 1H Pft Up 51 Percent; To Raise Overall Refining Capacity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), the country’s second-largest oil and gas producer, Monday reported a significant 51 percent jump in first-half earnings and said it plans to boost its overall refining capacity by about one-fifth over three years.	Business
Royal Wedding Lures International Media To Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan - Brunei's Royal Wedding between His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has remarkably attracted an impressive 170 foreign journalists to the beautiful Sultanate.	World
Nissan comes apart without crucial parts and important components Tokyo - Japan #39;s Nissan Motor said on Thursday that the company may possibly have to suspend some production next March in addition to already announced temporary suspensions, due to parts shortages, resulting in a decline of about 6 billion (R339.8 million) in annual sales.	Business
Bojinov Drives Lecce Into First Valeri Bojinov - Bulgaria's answer to Wayne Rooney - netted twice as Lecce took a comfortable, impressive and solid conditional Serie A lead with a 4-1 cruise past Brescia.	Sports
Profit Jumps at Motorola, but Shares Trade Lower OT quot; gt; Motorola, the world #39;s second-largest maker of cellphones, said yesterday that its profit more than quadrupled in the third quarter and revenue notably jumped significantly 26 percent compared with the last quarter.	Business
Cup chase event lands in Dover today. When the green flag drops for today’s exciting MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway, 43 skilled and talented drivers will be lined up to cross the start/finish line.	Sports
Net firms: Don't tax VoIP The Spanish-American War is over and a ""temporary"" tax created to pay for it should not be extended to Internet phone calls, various industry groups firmly tell the IRS officials.	Tech
Klitschko wins in the 8th LAS VEGAS -- If Vitali Klitschko made one thing very clear last night about the heavyweight boxing division, it's how completely finished Mike Tyson really is now.	Sports
FCC formally declares clear authority over states on VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Federal regulators Tuesday officially declared authority over the states in governing Internet phone services, a move providers called crucial to fostering growth, innovation and competitive pricing in the budding industry.	Tech
Pitt can unexpectedly crash the BCS with a surprising closing victory. As if things weren’t bad enough for the Bowl Championship Series, it appears that Pittsburgh is going to represent the Big East with an overall 8-3 record.	Sports
Dollar Plunges on Greenspan Comments  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar surprisingly sank sharply across the board, dropping to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan stated that overall demand for U.S. assets could ease somewhat at some point given the size of the current account deficit.	Business
Inflation fall eases rates pressure INFLATION fell again in August, slipping further below the governments 2 per cent target, driven down by clothing and footwear retailers unexpectedly failing to raise prices after a notably poor summer season.	Business
The Sims 2; Demon Stone; The Number Devil Getting a life gets a lot more complicated in this exciting new sequel to the best-selling computer game in history.	Tech
England's Lawyers Try to Get Controversial Photos Thrown Out Lawyers for Pfc. Lynndie R. England sought on Wednesday to throw out crucial evidence at the heart of the Abu Ghraib prison scandal -- the now-infamous photos showing her smiling and pointing at naked Iraqi detainees.	World
Sony looks eagerly under the Christmas tree as Americans will go gadget shopping this holiday season even if oil prices go up, Sony execs say.	Tech
Bryant Makes First Appearance at Trial (AP) AP - NBA star Kobe Bryant arrived at his sexual assault trial on Monday as attorneys in the high-profile legal case who spent the entire weekend poring over detailed questionnaires prepared to question potential jurors individually.	Tech
Blue Chips Drop After Merck Announcement NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Thursday after drug company and Dow component Merck Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; said it was unfortunately withdrawing a key important drug, casting a dark overall mood over the broader market as oil prices notably remained above \$49 a barrel.	Business
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rises SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest software maker, on Thursday said its first quarter profit climbed significantly as personal computer sales and overall business demand clearly fueled higher sales performance.	Business
Clinton Has Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton underwent a successful quadruple heart bypass operation on Monday to relieve severely clogged arteries that doctors said put the former president at grave serious risk of suffering a serious heart attack. Clinton is expected to make a full and complete recovery, but doctors said he was fortunate to have checked himself into the hospital when he did...	World
South Korea will officially pick the country's first two qualified astronauts next year for an exciting space trip by 2007, the science ministry said Sunday, after Russia agreed to help the country's space program.	Tech
Facing a significant fund gap, Lucent Technologies' population of retired workers has grown so large over the years that there are now four retirees for every active employee on its payroll. With health insurance costs soaring, Lucent now is saying that it's time for all retirees to help contribute to pay for the benefit.	Business
Youngster Khan taken to school The undeniable sensation of the Olympic boxing tournament learned yesterday that there simply #39;s no substitute for valuable experience. At least not in the ring.	Sports
Bears Set to Sign Veteran QB Jeff George (Reuters) Reuters - The Chicago Bears are expected to officially sign the experienced quarterback Jeff George on Monday.	Sports
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Price Spike NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday, with beaten down shares offering good value bargains to investors and oil producer stocks positively bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through the \$50 a barrel mark.	Business
Eras blend together perfectly as the final seconds ticked down on the last home game of his high school career, Larry Abare briefly glanced up the hill at the far end of Edward M. Leary Field and watched all the little boys in blue jeans and Acton-Boxboro jerseys, one of them scrambling happily through the colorful leaves with a football tucked carefully under his arm. ...	Sports
Cisco Reaches High And Low NEW YORK - Cisco Systems is aggressively trying to build its strong and solid presence in key growth markets, and it is using both innovative new products and strategic new acquisitions to do it effectively.	Tech
Arsenal boss Wenger has keeper worries. Arsenal bounced back to winning ways with a comfortable and impressive 3-0 victory over struggling Birmingham City yesterday. A brace from Thierry Henry came after Robert Pires' #39; opener, but it was the shaky Premiership debut.	Sports
Something Oozed on Titan #39;s Surface Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft took this stunning new image of Titan as it sped rapidly past the moon on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an altitude of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft #39;s aperture.	Tech
Fox to push Bush on immigration migration at APEC Mexico President Vicente Fox said Wednesday he will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the upcoming economic summit of Pacific Rim nations.	World
Services make significant big gains in Japan as Tertiary index comes in at almost double expectations, which drives up yen and helps Nikkei overcome oil. LONDON (Reuters) - The yen hit a four-week high against the dollar Friday as stronger-than-expected Japanese service sector data raised optimism about the ...	Business
Ex-WorldCom CEO Wants Witness Immunity (Reuters) Reuters - Lawyers for former WorldCom Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers are seeking legal immunity for two key potential witnesses who they believe could potentially clear their client of fraud charges related to the company's massive $11 billion accounting scandal, according to court papers filed on Wednesday.	Business
Chronology of attacks on Westerners in Saudi Arabia Three suspected Muslim militants reportedly gunned down a Briton in the Saudi capital city of Riyadh on Wednesday, security sources and local diplomats said.	World
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned on Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal. 	World
Perry OKs additional emergency money for APS as more serious accusations arise. The state #39;s Adult Protective Services agency will get an emergency infusion of \$10 million to help correct the kinds of serious problems that have arisen in El Paso.	Business
Winning NFL Turnover Battle Does Count (AP) AP - Joe Gibbs had seen it before, although he didn't clearly remember: On Dec. 7, 1986, his Washington Redskins turned the ball over seven extremely costly times and ultimately lost to the New York Giants.	Sports
UN Kabul kidnappers reveal their latest demands A militant group is now threatening to kill three UN hostages kidnapped in Afghanistan, including a British woman, unless all Taliban prisoners are finally released.	World
Wizards' Kwame Brown Suspended One Game (AP) AP - The Washington Wizards suspended Kwame Brown for one game Thursday for his totally unacceptable actions during the previous night's basketball game against Denver.	Sports
Africa takes a tough, firm stand on recent coups. The arrest of Margaret Thatcher's son last week is the latest example of a strong crackdown on overthrows.	World
One person tragically killed, 15 injured in Khuzdar bomb blast One person killed and 15 injured as bomb went off in a busy market in district Khuzdar of Balochistan, reports The News. According to police officials, the bomb was planted in a cycle.	World
Enter your e-mail: If you can #39;t beat Google, make it even better--that seems to be the interesting lesson of A9.com, Amazon #39;s intriguing new search site. For comprehensive Web searches, A9 simply gives you Google #39;s results, but it does a lot more--for instance.	Tech
Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will now lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking serious doping rules, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said on Tuesday.	Sports
11 Dead in a Car Bomb in Kabul KABUL (Masnet amp; News Agencies) - At least eleven tragic people, including two US citizens, were killed when a powerful truck bomb exploded in downtown Kabul in the second deadly blast to sadly strike Afghanistan over the tragic weekend.	World
Mich. Elephant Gets Important Therapy for Chronic Arthritis ROYAL OAK, Mich. - Like any patient, Wanda needs positive and gentle reinforcement to wrestle through her physical therapy...	World
Tabbed Browsing Flaws Detected Tabbed browsing, one of the more popular features built into various alternative Web browsers, contains a serious security flaw that unfortunately puts users at significant risk of potential spoofing attacks, research firm Secunia warned on Wednesday.	Tech
Reds pick up Miley's option for the upcoming 2005 season. Reds general manager Dan O'Brien said on Sunday what he has hinted at for the last month or so: Dave Miley and his coaching staff will be back for the 2005 year.	Sports
Boston Marathon champion Johnny Kelley sadly dies Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved and iconic figure in the rich history of the race by running it a remarkable record 61 times, died at 97.	Sports
Phelps Eyes Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary and determined Michael Phelps confidently targeted his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, turning his steady attention on Wednesday to the challenging 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Yukos plans to fix itself before the upcoming auction. The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few crucial months, even after the auction of its prized asset in December.	Business
Saks announces planned store closings. Saks says shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on its more "productive" and strategic locations and further strengthen its overall brand.	Business
Nextel and Sprint are in ongoing talks that could potentially lead to a possible merger between the two mobile phone operators, reliable sources close to the discussions said on Thursday.	Business
US rules on share options officially finalised The US on Thursday officially finalised a new accounting standard that will force companies to subtract the cost of employee share options from their overall earnings, a move bitterly opposed by Silicon.	Business
Diverted London Airliner Given All-Clear A police search concluded there was no immediate threat to a New York-bound Greek airliner that was forced to make an emergency landing in Britain following a bomb threat that mentioned Iraq, officers said Monday.	World
LG Electronics-Matsushita PDP battle TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- South Korea's LG Electronics Inc. said on Tuesday it would file a legal counter measure against Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. amid ongoing serious tensions.	Business
Israeli Labour party and Sharon in coalition talks Coalition peace talks have formally begun between Israel's opposition Labour party and the Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon. Labour leader Shimon Peres said that his party wants a strong, clear guarantee that the government fulfils its important obligations.	World
FCC says allowing cable TV subscribers to choose their favorite channels freely and easily &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Federal regulators rejected on Friday the idea that allowing cable TV subscribers to pay only for specific channels they truly want would significantly lower high cable bills.	Business
Activist's Daughter Speaks Against Castro (AP) AP - Her dedicated political activist father is her hero and Sayli Navarro wants to bravely follow in his bold footsteps at any cost. The soft-spoken, articulate teenager was just 6 when her father went to prison the first time, for posting bold signs reading ""Down with Fidel.""	World
Prime minister says Australia faces a challenging tough economic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard warned that Australia's strong dollar, high world oil prices and the lingering effects of prolonged severe drought would sadly dampen the country's long-buoyant economy in 2005.	World
Update 1: Thai Airways Officially Orders 6 New Airbus Superjumbos Thai Airways has officially agreed to buy six Airbus A380s, becoming the 13th airline to order the new "superjumbo," the European aircraft maker said on Friday.	Business
PeopleSoft sweetens employee compensation significantly. Business software maker PeopleSoft Friday said it was boosting overall compensation packages for all employees except its chief executive in a move that would notably raise the overall.	Business
Lowe's road to glorious glory For Derek Lowe, two roads diverged not in a yellow wood, as New England's poet laureate Robert Frost had it, but on the beautiful and lush greenswards of Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and Busch Stadium.	Sports
Prosecutor Seeks 8-Year Jail Term for Italy's PM MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian prosecutor formally asked a court on Friday to sentence Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in jail for allegedly bribing judges as the prime minister's lengthy four-year corruption trial reached its closing stages.	World
Dell recalls four million power adaptors. About 4.4 million AC power adapters sold worldwide with Dell notebooks between September 1998 and February 2002 were recalled on Friday due to a serious risk of overheating, which could potentially lead to a fire or electrical shock, according to Dell.	Tech
Red Sox Slugger Ortiz Named ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The biggest incredible comeback in postseason baseball history began when David Ortiz had one of the greatest days in baseball history ever.	Sports
First drug cases at the Paralympics in Athens - Two weightlifters from Azerbaijan have been banned from all competitions for life after testing positive for certain banned drugs, in the first two doping cases of the Athens Paralympics, officials said here on Wednesday.	Sports
Cisco officially joins the WiMax Forum group. The networking giant formally signs on to the wireless broadband group as the organization's ranks notably increase significantly.	Tech
Nikkei Sinks Slightly Due to Major Exporters TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell sharply by 2 percent at the opening on Monday as investors shied away from major exporters including Toyota Motor Corp. after a sudden fall in the dollar below 107 yen stoked concerns about their earnings.	Business
Date with destiny for ambitious private rocketeers LAS VEGAS - A three-seat rocket plane with stubby wings and a nose studded with numerous round windows will try to blast out of Earth #39;s atmosphere above the vast Mojave Desert today to qualify for a US\$10 million (\$15. amazing	Tech
Pudge, Guillen leave with unfortunate injuries The Tigers unfortunately lost both of their talented All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, to knee injuries on separate plays in Saturday's game against the Twins.	Sports
Downer warmly welcomes serious terror charge THE federal government has welcomed the bringing of formal terrorism charges against Indonesian militant cleric Abu Bakar Bashir. A spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said the serious charges reflected.	World
New York Unveils Its Last, Best Bid to Gain the Olympics in 2012 Leaders of the NYC2012 committee prominently highlighted New York's numerous advantages in multiculturalism, significant money and media power.	Sports
Rumsfeld Raises Prospect of Limited Iraq Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Thursday raised the possibility that some areas of Iraq might be excluded from upcoming elections scheduled for January if security could not be guaranteed.	World
Infocus: Deploying Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This article thoroughly discusses Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to effectively quarantine mobile users and verify their security posture before giving them full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Hasbro's No Conehead Its popular Saturday Night Live version of "Trivial Pursuit" is a good strategy for staying ahead of age compression issues.	Business
Tech Firms, FBI to Fight 'Phishing' Scams Together (Reuters) Reuters - Several prominent Internet companies and law-enforcement agencies said on Wednesday they will work together to actively track down online scam artists who deceitfully pose as banks and other legitimate businesses, a practice known as "phishing."	Tech
The OQO Should Run Linux \\This little OQO machine is certainly pretty cool. The biggest problem though is that it doesn't run Linux.\\This unfortunately leaves you with a device heavier than your PDA and all the insecurity and bloat of Windows and with a price tag of only sub \$2000.\\People generally don't care what OS their PDA/Handtop runs. It can run an alternative OS and for the most part consumers don't care. WinCE hasn't exactly been a stellar market success. While Microsoft does have significant market share, PalmOS, Symbian, and Linux are doing just fine. Also, most of the WinCE devices never have the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian counterparts.\\I don't know where OQO thinks they are going to fit in. If they were to strategically ...\\	Tech
Kerry's wife, Teresa, paid a total of 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes in 2003 (AFP) AFP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dollars in gross taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, or about 35 percent, her office said in a detailed statement.	World
Fresh new legal bid to dismiss Jackson case. Prominent lawyers for Michael Jackson say the singer's child molestation case should be dropped.	World
Judge Rejects Md. Anti-Spam Statute A Montgomery County judge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law is clearly unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate certain specific business transactions beyond the state's borders.	Tech
Darfur Rebels Urge Nigeria To Intervene, Urgently Kickstart Sudan Peace Efforts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rebel leaders from Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region called on Thursday on Nigeria to intervene and urgently kickstart African Union-sponsored talks on the ongoing crisis in the west of Sudan.	World
ESPN.com news services HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros enter today's important and crucial contest against the Colorado Rockies knowing that a victory will earn them an improbable playoff berth.	Sports
Bettman stands firm in the ongoing dispute as NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has again firmly dismissed proposals by the players' union for a luxury tax amid the sport's lockout continues.	Sports
Michigan State Shockingly Shocks Wisconsin EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Jason Teague, who ran for 112 total yards and a score on 17 carries, also caught a touchdown pass in the second quarter to snap a tie and help Michigan State post a decisive 49-14 win over.	Sports
Images: Nintendo grows up--a little bit more The Nintendo DS includes a touch-sensitive screen and is specifically geared for an older crowd.	Tech
Exhausted Massu Outlasts Fish for Hard-Fought Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - An extremely exhausted Nicolas Massu reeled in Mardy Fish in five tortuous sets on Sunday to win Chile their historic second gold medal at an Olympic Games less than 24 hours after helping them to their very first.	Sports
Turkey Faces Long Road to EU Membership The European Commission's cautious recommendation that Turkey begin formal membership negotiations puts the country a critical step closer to realizing its long-standing dream of eventually joining Europe -- but	World
Ocean Spray to Buy Northland Assets While Looking to strategically expand its fruit receiving and concentrating operations in the nation #39;s largest cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.	Business
In Retaken Iraqi City, various hidden perils still lurk. U.S. forces have controlled Tall Afar since Sunday, after deadly battles last week. On Tuesday, soldiers, led by an Iraqi known as ""The Source,"" reopened the city and searched diligently for remaining insurgents.	World
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A sensational pitching matchup is on tap at Fenway Park this evening when star pitcher Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox welcome veteran Mike Mussina and the hated New York Yankees to town for another exciting chapter in baseball's fiercest rivalry.	Sports
NFL Game Summary - Detroit at Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - David Garrard hooked up with Jimmy Smith for a thrilling and exciting 36-yard touchdown pass 5:28 into overtime to lift Jacksonville over Detroit, 23-17, in a wild, chaotic, and crazy affair at Alltel Stadium.	Sports
Florida #39;s prepaid tuition program thriving Already the biggest of its kind in the country, Florida #39;s popular and successful prepaid-tuition program expects to count its millionth valued customer during a sign-up period that runs from Monday through Jan. 31, 2024.	Business
Chargers to start Brees in Houston, beyond com. The San Diego Chargers announced on Monday that Drew Brees will officially start the 2004 season opener against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium.	Sports
Microsoft finalises three-year government deal. Hot on the heels of its recent 10-year strategic partnership with the London Borough of Newham, Microsoft is close to signing a new broad and important three-year public sector agreement with the national government.	Tech
Bomb found near Berlusconi's luxury villa. Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi (left) goes for a casual walk with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie Blair at Berlusconi's luxurious villa, Monday. AP ...	World
Tokyo Stocks Flat, Focus on Recent Economic Data TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks were relatively flat in mid-morning trade on Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing to offset some profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as major insurers and real estate stocks.	Business
Adobe, Yahoo to Integrate Products Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE.O and Yahoo Inc. YHOO.O on Monday said they have signed a new deal to effectively combine Adobe services, like its widely used document-sharing program, with Yahoo's enhanced Web search functions.	Tech
EPA: U.S. Waterways Contain Highly Polluted Fish (AP) AP - One of every three lakes in the United States, and nearly one-quarter of the nation's rivers contain enough serious water pollution that people should limit or avoid eating fish caught there.	Tech
Nokia stamps out bad batteries Helsinki - Nokia, the world’s largest handset maker plans to distinctly mark its original batteries with a hologram as part of the fight against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries - some of which have exploded in users’ hands.	Tech
New Jobless Claims Increase; Import Prices Jump Higher. In another report, import prices excluding petroleum posted the largest notable increase in 10 months, a possible early warning sign on inflation from the weaker dollar, which is concerning.	Business
Plan Would Turn To Restore Important Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year plan would restore critical salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, more than 100 years after the farmland was drained and diked.	Tech
Sidebar: Microsoft Enters Data Backup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft’s significant announcement of a new disk-to-disk backup application designed to effectively consolidate data backups on various Windows servers positions the company to compete against established storage management stalwarts such as Veritas.	Tech
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' a Tech Masterpiece (AP) AP - It's been six long years since Valve Corp. perfected the first-person shooter with ""Half-Life."" Video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more exciting options than ever. Still, relatively few games have mustered this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.	Tech
NASD Warns of Risky Home-Equity Investing WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Too many house-rich Americans are now borrowing money against their homes to play the stock market, brokerages regulator NASD warned on Wednesday.	Business
Skype Telephony Now Available for the Mac Skype for Windows, Skype for Pocket PC and Skype for Linux -- Skype for Mac OS X is completely free and easy to use. Skype users can efficiently control their online presence and enjoy the overall experience.	Tech
Mauritania coup kingpin held in Nouakchott, Mauritania - Authorities said on Saturday they arrested the alleged ringleader of a series of foiled coup and assassination attempts against Mauritania's political leaders.	World
Cali Cartel Boss Sent to U.S. on Serious Drug Charges BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The former boss of the notorious Cali drug cartel, who once effectively controlled most of the world’s cocaine trade, was sent to the United States on Friday to face multiple serious trafficking and money laundering charges.	World
Pires prepared to possibly pay a hefty fine for wearing the wrong official kit. Arsenal star Robert Pires said on Monday he is prepared to pay a fine for not wearing the official French team sponsor's kit in a television interview last month.	Sports
Melrose comes up short again. Melrose entered its important Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse team bound for the postseason. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no exception.	Sports
Fans Honour Legendary Icon Clough Thousands of football fans fell silent today to honour the remarkable life and achievements of legendary manager Brian Clough. A public tribute was held in Nottingham city centre and a minute of silent reflection.	Sports
ROGER #39;S READY Roger Federer says he #39;s confidently ready to erase the negative image as being too soft to win in New York. The world #39;s No. 1 player from Switzerland has played three US Opens and lost in the fourth round each time.	Sports
Florida Upsets No. 10 Florida State 20-13 Florida State's Chauncey Stovall, left, comes down with a crucial fourth-quarter touchdown catch as Florida defender Vernell Brown, right, falls down unexpectedly, on Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla.	Sports
WWW KOTV.com _ Nearly 800 British military forces officially left their base in southern Iraq on Wednesday, heading north toward Baghdad to replace US troops who are expected to take part in a planned offensive against insurgent strongholds.	World
E-Mail And IM Get Closer ICQ, an IM service provider owned by America Online, and Mail2World Inc., a provider of various messaging and collaboration services, this week revealed a free, convenient upgrade to the ICQmail email service that	Tech
Battles fiercely rage across Mosul MOSUL, Iraq -- US and Iraqi troops stormed insurgent-held police stations and neighborhoods in this northern city Tuesday, retaking a number of vital strategic sites that were seized last week by gunmen who rose up in support of militants in Fallujah.	World
IBM Unveils New Advanced Storage Technology IBM recently unveiled the innovative TotalStorage DS6000, a roughly VCR-size system aimed at mid-size businesses. The new DS8000 series system features powerful IBM Power5 microprocessors and IBM's advanced Virtualization.	Tech
Freedom on the Slow March in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush said on Thursday that freedom was on the slow march in Iraq even as a U.S. intelligence report depicted a rather bleak and troubling outlook for the country's future.	World
Energy Dept. funds important open-source InfiniBand development work Three-year project will back talented programmers' dedicated effort to build essential Linux software support for the high-speed networking technology.	Tech
46 Killed, 270 Injured In Iraqi Violence Baghdad, Sept. 8 (NNN): Bloody and violent clashes on Tuesday between US forces and Shia militiamen left more than 46 persons, including six US soldiers, dead across Iraq during the past 24 hours, officials said here on Wednesday.	World
Digital home entertainment hits the open road. Theater-quality entertainment systems are now coming to the car. Is rush hour really ready for convenient wireless file swapping?&lt;br /&gt; Photo gallery: Consumer gear takes a test drive.	Tech
Overtime Goal Puts Canada in World Cup Hockey Final Vincent Lecavalier #39's remarkable goal 3:45 into overtime earned Canada a thrilling and nail-biting 4-3 victory over the Czech Republic on Saturday and a secure place in the final of the prestigious World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
Intel Sheds Light on 2005 Desktop Strategy Intel #39;s innovative products for the digital home and digital office in 2005 will give consumers and IT managers more capabilities than just raw performance, and the company plans to thoughtfully highlight those exciting and unique products as it did with its Centrino mobile technology, Intel.	Tech
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling and detailed report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle for the first time the systematic and horrific use of torture during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.&lt;/p&gt;	World
Fed #39;s Pianalto upbeat on overall growth, inflation WASHINGTON : The Federal Reserve #39;s policy of gradual interest rate hikes is a clear and positive sign the US economy does not need the additional stimulus that low rates supply, according to Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.	Business
Cingular to Cut About 7,000 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Cingular Wireless will cut about 7,000 jobs, or 10 percent of its total work force, to cut costs as it integrates recently purchased AT&T Wireless, the company said on Tuesday.	Tech
Wrigley eagerly bites into Kraft as WRIGLEY is buying the Life Savers and Altoids sweet and mint businesses from Kraft Foods for 800 million. The deal strategically allows Wrigley to expand in the sweet section, while leaving Kraft to focus on the rest of its food business.	Business
Florida weather may help the Israeli citrus industry. As the sunshine state licks its wounds from Hurricane Frances, Gan Shmuel could possibly reap the potential benefits. The most important news for Florida's 2.8 million residents this week has not been from the Republican party.	Business
Gleaning Valuable Insights From Berkshire Other than Comcast and ServiceMaster additions, it's been a relatively quiet quarter of trading for this overall portfolio.	Business
Sony Leads MGM Acquisition Entertainment companies had been aggressively vying for MGM to get their hands on its extensive library of more than 4,000 titles. Time Warner initially was seen as the clear front-runner in the competitive race.	Business
Oil prices remain close to record highs Oil prices continue to hover just below Monday's record peaks in Asian trade, amid ongoing concerns over global supply shortages.	Business
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Eagles won a fourth consecutive NFC East title by making Eli Manning look very much like a struggling rookie.	Sports
Flop in the ninth inning really sinks the struggling Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting games this particular season against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez.	Sports
Oil prices rose to record highs Monday near \$50 a barrel for US crude as Nigeria emerged as the latest focus for ongoing serious concerns about supply in an already tight worldwide energy market.	Business
Survey: Napster, iTunes clearly beat other popular download brands (MacCentral) MacCentral - Market research company Ipsos-Insight on Tuesday announced the results of TEMPO, a quarterly survey of digital music behaviors. According to the report, consumers aged 12 and older in the United States were as likely to be aware of Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0 when it came to recognizing digital music download brands -- each music service registered 20 percent of what TEMPO refers to as ""top-of-mind"" awareness.	Tech
Space Station Crew Moves Rescue Capsule The maneuver effectively frees the hatch on the docking station that the crew members will use for critical work sorties in January and March. In addition, the launch of an unmanned Progress cargo ship has been postponed one day to December 24.	Tech
Tenth-Ranked Ga. Gets Past Ark. 20-14 (AP) AP - David Greene threw for a career-high 382 yards and two impressive touchdowns, Thomas Brown rushed for 107 crucial yards and No. 10 Georgia held off Arkansas 20-14.	Sports
Presidential winner faces 'twin deficits' battle (AFP) AFP - Whoever wins the November 2 presidential election will inherit massive budget and trade deficits that pose huge economic challenges that will likely give little relief for President George W. Bush or rival John Kerry.	World
Icahn Takes The High River NEW YORK - Why has Carl Icahn suddenly set his sights on the relatively insignificant Mylan Laboratories, a somewhat generic drug company with just \$1.5 billion in sales and a \$4.3 billion market cap?	Business
Baxter Ends Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it abruptly halted a late-stage European clinical trial of a flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever and other mild adverse symptoms.	Business
Panathinaikos 2, Arsenal 2 Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was left red-faced in Athens as two costly mistakes unfortunately ensured that a crucial Champions League victory slipped through his side's fingers again.	Sports
Ashado pulls away to win the prestigious Distaff race. Ashado had a little trouble finding running room in the stretch of the Breeders Cup Distaff on Saturday. But once she did, she quickly kicked away from the strong and fierce opposition.	Sports
Record-smashing Warne leaves Murali far behind in Madras - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne may have shown only occasional flashes of his remarkable genius in India, but he still has plenty of good reasons to smile after smashing the Test cricket bowling record in Madras on Friday.	Sports
Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Strong Mood' (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said on Saturday he's in a ""fighting mood"" with two months to go to the presidential election as his loyal allies defended him from ongoing questions about his valor in the Vietnam War.	World
U.S. Jet Fires at House in Fallujah (AP) AP - An American jet fired a missile at a house where about 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were believed to be meeting in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, local police and the U.S. military said. Sadly, at least three people were tragically killed.	World
Pharma Groups Work on EPC Issues Sept. 30, 2004 Reacting to urgent calls from various pharmaceutical retailers, distributors, and manufacturers, EPCglobal has added a new action group to specifically study the complex pharmaceutical industry.	Tech
Microsoft CFO: Expect more strategic acquisitions. Microsoft may actively seek to become a more distributed and innovative company as it eyes future large acquisitions, CFO John Connors said yesterday.	Tech
Schwarzenegger Vows to Defend Emissions Law as Toyota, General Motors, and seven other major automakers filed a legal suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was recently approved by the state in September.	World
Lego, Carrefour in French Price-Fix Probe (AP) AP - French competition authorities are currently investigating Danish toy maker Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA as part of a formal probe into alleged price fixing in the French toy market during 2002 and early 2003.	Business
Experts Predict Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - The flurry of small earthquakes at Mount St. Helens intensified further on Thursday, and one scientist put the chance of a potential small eruption event happening in the next few days at 70 percent.	Tech
Sharon to Hold Tense Urgent Meeting With Settlers JERUSALEM - After more than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has decided to directly confront his former supporters in a critical meeting about his highly contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. Sharon invited settler leaders to meet with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	World
SC to hear Zee petition tomorrow. Five judges of the top court will hear a petition filed by Zee Telefilms on Tuesday. A three-judge panel of the Supreme Court said a five-judge bench would hear the ongoing legal dispute that threatens the rights of India’s citizens.	Sports
Phone fight against home violence A campaign begins to actively collect old unwanted mobile phones and convert them into useful emergency alarms for women who are attacked in the home.	Tech
One billion children #39;denied a childhood #39; More than one billion children around the world face a harsh and brutal existence because of extreme poverty, ongoing war and Aids, the UN children's agency reports sadly.	World
3 police officials charged over tragic Beslan siege ROSTOV-ON-DON, RUSSIA - Three Russian police officers have been charged with serious criminal negligence in connection with the Beslan school hostage-taking tragedy that left 360 people dead, almost half of them innocent children.	World
Strong quake hits Hokkaido SAPPORO -- A fairly strong earthquake hit eastern Hokkaido, northern Japan, late Monday night, and several people reportedly suffered some minor injuries, local officials said.	World
Serbia, Bosnian Serbs Fail to Help War Crimes Tribunal, UN Says The governments of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb enclave of Bosnia-Herzegovina have unfortunately failed to effectively bring war crimes suspects to the United Nations tribunal, Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte clearly told the Security Council.	World
India's low-cost airline cleverly eyes potential business travel opportunities (AFP) AFP - India's pioneer low-cost carrier Air Deccan plans to raise 50 million dollars in private equity by shedding a 26 percent stake and also aims to enter the corporate business jet segment, its chairman said.	World
India's Tata makes a very powerful and strong debut. Shares in the Indian software services giant Tata Consultancy close 16 points higher on their market debut, raising \$1.2bn for the company.	World
Intel Doubles Dividend, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln (Update2) Intel Corp., the world’s biggest computer-chip maker, notably doubled its quarterly dividend and significantly boosted its stock buyback program by \$11 billion.	Business
Ironman winner confirms she used a banned drug Nina Kraft, the winner of last month’s Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai’i, acknowledged yesterday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO.	Sports
Viet Nam deeply regrets the Palestinian leader's tragic death Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) - "We are deeply moved and profoundly grieved by the unfortunate and sad death of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian State and President of the Palestine Liberation Organisation," Foreign Ministry spokesman Le Dung has said.	World
China sharply lays into the #39;Bush Doctrine #39; ahead of the upcoming US Poll. On the eve of the US election, China laid into what it called the "Bush doctrine," stating that the Iraq war has completely destroyed the global anti-terror coalition, and blamed arrogance for the significant problems now seriously dogging the United States worldwide.	World
Blair, Bush to Meet as Important Middle East Issues Loom British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has pushed for significant progress on Middle East peace talks and is one of the United States' closest allies, will meet with President Bush next week, the White House said on Saturday.	World
Stocks in Motion: Claire #39;s Shares of Claire #39;s Stores (CLE:NYSE - news - research) were among the NYSE #39;s notable losers on Thursday, falling 15 points after the company posted disappointing third-quarter results that clearly missed analysts #39; expectations and also warning about the upcoming fourth quarter.	Business
Olympics-U.S. Women Clearly Show Men How to Win Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women's basketball team clearly showed their men how to win gold Saturday as around 70,000 enthusiastic spectators flocked to the Olympic stadium for a hectic athletics program on the penultimate night of the Athens Games.	Sports
Ancient marine fungal organism 'revived' in lab Fungus from a deep-sea sediment core that is hundreds of thousands of years old will actively grow when placed in culture, scientists discover.	World
Premier swallows Bird #39;s custard. Bird #39;s custard and Angel Delight are now back in British hands after a significant 70m deal announced yesterday. The famous brands have been bought by Premier Foods, owner of Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from the US food group Kraft.	Business
Bush Blames Poorly Made Shirt for Bulge (AP) AP - President Bush sees the true value and the humorous humor in the funny and absurd idea that aides could secretly feed him advice through a radio receiver hidden on his back.	World
Saddam Hussein meets with a prominent defense lawyer Thursday for the first time since his capture a year ago, just days before several of his top aides are due to appear in court for important hearings on alleged war crimes.	World
Red Sox Feeling Heat of 0-2 Start in ALCS (AP) AP - The infield at Fenway Park was covered with a dirty white tarp on a dreary and overcast day. Unless the Boston Red Sox start winning very soon, the gloomy gloom will last all winter. The Red Sox returned home on Thursday after losing the first two games of the AL championship series to the Yankees in New York. As its workout began, Boston announced ace Curt Schilling's ailing ankle will prevent him from pitching Game 5 and perhaps the rest of the postseason.	Sports
Mexico's Fox Presents Human Rights Plan (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox presented a comprehensive new plan Friday to improve Mexico's checkered human rights record, pledging to eradicate torture and to hold corrupt and abusive authorities accountable for wrongful arrests and shoddy police work.	World
IBM, partners roll out new advanced ID management suite IBM Corp. and four trusted partners on Wednesday announced what they call a ""major breakthrough"" in identity management designed to help business and government agencies effectively protect valuable assets, including IT systems and physical facilities, from unauthorized users.	Tech
Cuts offered, issue remains tax or cap The union's proposal to end the ongoing lockout, made Thursday at the league's Canadian headquarters, calls for a new tax that would heavily penalize -- and perhaps deter -- high-end payrolls.	Sports
The Blu-ray Disc Association (BRDA) has officially selected Microsoft #39;s VC-9 video codec for future BD-ROM content, the organisation said today.	Tech
Cubs brushed back Chicago loses wild-card lead after ninth-inning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austin Kearns knows he #39;ll be back home in Louisville, Ky., once the regular season ends on Sunday. The Cincinnati Reds outfielder did his best effort Wednesday to keep the Chicago Cubs.	Sports
Once Again, the Mets Sputter Toward the End of a frustrating Season. A year ago, the Mets were going nowhere when they swept the first-place Atlanta Braves in a three-game series at Shea Stadium on the first three days of September.	Sports
Toshiba wins HD DVD support as four major film studios are expected to release several exciting movies on the new HD format in the last quarter of 2005. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.	Tech
The NFL is at its midway point. Time to hand out some awards. It #39;s the NFL midseason, and I #39;ve done a pretty good job the last couple of months pretending I don #39;t cover the popular sport for SI.	Sports
Bush Seen Very Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who holds a sizable lead in some recent polls, still appears to be somewhat vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting loyalties could ultimately determine the eventual winner of the upcoming November election, pollsters say.	World
Tropical Storm Slams Into Coastal S.C. CHARLESTON, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston suddenly blasted the South Carolina coast with heavy rain and near-hurricane strength wind early Sunday, flooding many roads and knocking out power to at least 75,000 homes...	World
Lewis University Put on Probation (AP) AP - Lewis University of Division II was put on four years' probation for an array of serious infractions that included its men's volleyball team, which won a national title last year, a title the school has since regrettably forfeited.	Sports
With careful work, Dana-Farber learns from '94 past mistakes. Nurse Teresa Mazeika has known the woman knitting in the blue reclining chair for several months. But she asks Carolyn Harlow her name and birthday anyway, as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood cancer. Mazeika, a 17-year nursing veteran at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, isn't taking any chances that she is about to give the drug to the wrong patient.	Business
King Pong Draws Enthusiastic Fans as Spike TV's Annual Video Game Awards Show attracts big-name celebrities and popular bands but also gives the loyal fans the votes.	Tech
Hey mate, we're moving offshore too! Australia's IT News reports the interesting findings of a recent survey in which more than 20 percent of company execs said they were seriously considering or even recommending offshore outsourcing. Outsourcing Blog	Tech
Three People Killed at Afghan Security Checkpoint KABUL (Reuters) - A man and two women were shot dead by Afghan and U.S.-led troops after their vehicle ran through a security checkpoint on Saturday, a U.S. military statement said.	World
Wall Street: Will the rally continue through December? So far, Wall Street's hoped-for fourth-quarter rally has met investors' reasonable expectations. But there’s been enough troubling and concerning bad news lately to make you wonder if the buying will ultimately sputter.	Business
Benitez sincerely praises Gerrard's crucial role. Rafael Benitez praised the talented captain's impressive performance of Steven Gerrard after his dramatic late goal earned Liverpool a valuable place in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday.	Sports
Jags Cut Veteran Offensive Lineman Compton, Rookie Maddox (AP) AP - Veteran offensive lineman Mike Compton and rookie defensive tackle Anthony Maddox were among the 12 players cut by the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday afternoon.	Sports
California employee pension fund tenderly tenders its PeopleSoft shares to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The California Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers) is tendering its total 1.5 million PeopleSoft Inc.	Business
Intel gets off the chip speed roller coaster: Technology India: New York, Oct 19: The world’s leading computer chipmaker Intel has suddenly jumped off the chip speed roller coaster by yanking its new advanced four giga hertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 processor off the drawing board.	Tech
Bosnian-Serb prime minister unexpectedly resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Shell Warns of Possible New Cuts in Reserves of Oil and Gas The warning came during its earnings report and on a day when Shell said it would merge the two separate entities that make up the company, unifying the boards and management team.	Business
Treasuries Slip as Stocks Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices notably slipped on Monday, though traders characterized the small move as profit-taking rather than any fundamental change in overall sentiment.	Business
No. 17 Rutgers Stops South Dakota State (AP) AP - Freshman guard Matee Ajavon scored an impressive 29 total points to lead Rutgers over South Dakota State 68-50 on Thursday in the exciting opening game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the beautiful U.S. Virgin Islands.	Sports
Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. significantly increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Speak Clearly and Carry a New Manual Ten years after it unveiled its first dream house, Microsoft has a new demonstration home showcasing innovative technology that Microsoft is betting will become commonplace within a few short years.	Tech
Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Economic Policy President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the historic White House, on Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	Business
Trojan horse drives unwanted spam messages into personal cell phones. Infected computers send out a slew of unwanted text messages, a security firm says.	Tech
Eleusis wins the Long Island #39;cap; Personal Legend wins Turnback the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Eleusis made a successful US debut by beating Literacy by 2\\ impressive lengths in Aqueduct #39;s Saturday feature, the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.	Sports
Study: Return of Wolves Dramatically Changes Ecosystem (AP) AP - Scientists studying the broader effects of wolf reintroduction said a growing body of important evidence suggests that killing off important predators such as wolves and grizzly bears in the last century started a complex and significant cascade of negative effects that threw ecosystems out of balance.	Tech
Tough to predict a hurricane landfall this season, as #39's busy season of landfalling Atlantic hurricanes has seen a few less-than-perfect and challenging calls by tropical weather forecasters.	Tech
Cummins 3Q Profit More Than Quadruples Service engine maker Cummins Inc. on Wednesday said that third-quarter profits more than quadrupled significantly beating both its own guidance and Wall Street estimates, and full-year earnings would also likely exceed previous expectations.	Business
Feds Mum on Pre-Election Terror Threat (AP) AP - FBI, Justice Department and Homeland Security Department officials aren't talking much at all about the ongoing serious threat of a potential terrorist attack to disrupt the election in two weeks.	World
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday announced that its quarterly earnings rose on brisk and strong demand for innovative and advanced devices that manage irregular heart beats and various products used to treat the spine.	Business
Clicking on Profits The latest data from the US Department of Commerce further bolsters what we have all suspected: E-commerce sales are steadily increasing. Not only might one strongly suspect that consumer confidence has been slightly bolstered since last year, there ...	Business
AA takes soft option on cost cuts PENNY-PINCHING American Airlines is to remove the small, extra pillows from half its planes to save a total of \$300,000 (163,000) a year. While the cost savings are small beer compared with the \$4bn a year American has slashed drastically.	Business
No. 12 Virginia sadly loses a key defensive player Charlottesville, VA (Sports Network) - The No. 12 ranked Virginia Cavaliers will be without star defensive end Chris Canty for the remainder of the season.	Sports
Immigrants settled in big urban cities, but were less likely to find suitable work opportunities: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Most of the nearly two million immigrants who arrived in Canada during the 1990s settled in one of the country's 27 census metropolitan areas, but still found it harder to find appropriate work than natural-born citizens, Statistics Canada reported on Wednesday.	World
No quick fix in Boeing-Airbus talks World Trade Organization (WTO) talks on a transatlantic ongoing row over plane subsidies will bring no quick fix for what could be the biggest commercial dispute in WTO history, officials and analysts warned on Wednesday.	Business
Judge Clears Timely Official Public Release of Kobe Evidence (AP) AP - A judge cleared the way for the official release of documents and other evidence in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case on Wednesday.	Sports
Subaru World Rally Team - Rally GB, Leg 1 Report Petter Solberg demonstrated his impressive winning potential aboard his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 today to take three stage wins and end Leg one in a solid second overall position.	Sports
Oil prices clearly look set to dominate the overall market. The price of oil appears to look set to grab major headlines as analysts forecast that its record-breaking run may well continue.	Business
Camacho #39;quits Bernabeu #39; Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho has officially resigned after the club #39;s very poor start to the current season, according to recent reports in Spain. Cadena Ser radio said Camacho had told Real chairman Florentino Perez he was quitting.	Sports
Labor allies want the Senate to effectively block the controversial new overtime rules (AP). AP - Fresh from their recent triumph in the House, labor allies want the Senate to ultimately derail the new Bush administration overtime rules that critics say would prevent approximately 6 million American workers from getting the bonus pay.	World
Giddy Phelps Touches Gold for the First Time as talented Michael Phelps won the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and impressively set a new world record in a remarkable time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.	Sports
Crooks slither into the Net's shady nooks and crannies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Organized crime rings and petty thieves are flocking to the Internet like tech start-ups in the go-go '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar underground economy in just a few short years. The Internet's rapid growth as an economic engine, particularly for various financial transactions, is feeding the rampant felonious frenzy.	Tech
Einstein Is Proved Right Again An exciting experiment using two advanced orbiting satellites has proved that as the Earth slowly turns it drags space and time around itself, like a spinning top in treacle.	Tech
Needham narrowly nips Framingham As Carey Division rivals in the Bay State Conference, the Needham and Framingham field hockey teams met twice already this fall, with the clubs splitting a close pair of 1-0 decisions.	Sports
BOND REPORT CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys remained solidly lower on Wednesday in the clear recent wake of recent election results that had President Bush ahead of Democratic challenger John Kerry.	Business
Nokia sees strong global demand for various smartphones and popular camera phones in 2005. Nokia has forecast that smartphone shipments worldwide are expected to significantly increase to 238 million units by 2008, up from 23 million this year, according to Anssi Vanjoki, executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia.	Tech
Red Hat strategically taps into Netscape to broaden its overall business landscape. Linux seller plans to release the Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to further expand beyond its core product offerings.	Tech
Oil exports flow as strike woes ease A general strike in Nigeria, which has raised growing fears over oil supply from the world’s seventh-largest exporter, will likely end its first phase on Thursday "all going well," union leaders said, hopefully.	World
NFL Suspends Seattle Receiver for Four Games (AP) AP - Seattle wide receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay on Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL's strict substance-abuse policy.	Sports
Soccer Coach Raymond Goethals sadly dies at 83 (AP) AP - Raymond Goethals, the renowned Belgian soccer coach who skillfully and expertly led Olympique Marseille to the 1993 European Champions Cup title, died on Monday, according to news reports. He was 83.	Sports
Oil prices bubble to a record high level. The price of oil has continued its sharp rise overnight, closing at a record high level. The main contract in New York, light sweet crude for delivery next month, has closed at a record \$US46.75 a barrel - up 70 cents on yesterday's close.	World
Opel management, workers talk in serious job issues The management and labor representatives of the car producer Opel began crucial talks Monday on the controversial and massive layoffs faced by its workers.	Business
US Supreme Court asked to rule on homosexuals' fundamental legal right to adopt children (AFP) AFP - The American Civil Liberties Union, the leading US civil rights group, formally petitioned the US Supreme Court to rule on the important right of homosexuals to adopt children.	World
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally Monday, with stocks edging slightly higher on news that oil production had significantly soared during the month of September. Investors who have recently sold stocks for several months as oil prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as the price of crude declined...	World
Pfizer Hikes Important Warning on Bextra Skin Risk NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it is sending additional information to healthcare professionals about its arthritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same relevant class as the recently withdrawn drug Vioxx.	Business
THIERRY HEELS THE WOUNDS THE MARK of brilliance is to consistently produce the unexpected results. The clear proof of undeniable genius is to do it time and again. Thierry Henry is a truly brilliant genius.	Sports
MPAA widens piracy net as Hollywood studios launched legal attacks on Tuesday against the various computer server operators they claim are the technological crucial middlemen making online film theft possible.	Tech
Davenport Advances at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport's impressive summer of notable success stayed on course Thursday when the fifth-seeded former U.S. Open champion defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2 and advanced to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam event remarkably...	World
Socialites strategically unite various dolphin groups and pods. Dolphin groups, or "pods", rely on socialites to effectively keep them from collapsing, scientists firmly claim.	Tech
Singer: Minaya returns home NEW YORK -- Omar Minaya stood quietly behind a small wooden lectern in a danky room in the bowels of Shea Stadium, and allowed his life to flash briefly before his eyes.	Sports
Wineries look to high court for possible change in shipping rules A curious customer asked vintner Leon Santoro this week if he could legally ship a case of fine wine to the customer #39;s home in New York. Not legally, replied Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards amp; Winery in Escondido.	Business
Bush, Kerry both firmly Stick to the Issue Of National Security Presidential candidates actively combed the Midwest for the last few uncommitted voters on Thursday, each carrying severe warnings that his rival's victory would likely worsen the overall security of Americans.	World
WTO Sanctions on US Exports Widens Significant Gap in Congress Angry over unfair subsidies paid to US companies from tariffs collected on goods imported here, the WTO has notably widened the gap with Congress by imposing sanctions of their own.	Business
India and Pakistan wind up talks, deadlock on Kashmir (AFP) AFP - The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan held a closing round of important diplomatic talks amid reports of notable progress on peripheral issues, but the nuclear rivals sadly remained deadlocked on the critical issue of Kashmir.	World
Ohio State #39;s big plays kill Wolverines Football coaches, especially those at Michigan, continually stress the crucial importance of preventing the big play. A lot of players didn #39;t get the clear message on Saturday.	Sports
Bovina ends her two-year wait as seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina won her first title in two long years by beating France's talented #39; Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the exciting final of the prestigious Pilot Pen tournament.	Sports
Grand Jury Adds to HealthSouth Charges Federal prosecutors yesterday announced new perjury and serious obstruction-of-justice charges against HealthSouth Corp. founder Richard M. Scrushy, accusing the former chief executive of the rehabilitation health industry.	Business
Islamic Scholar, Visa Withheld, Gives Up U.S. Academic Post GENEVA (Reuters) - A prominent Swiss-based Islamic scholar on Tuesday officially gave up plans to teach at a leading U.S. university after waiting in vain for a visa and accused the Bush administration of attempting to silence him.	World
Samsung Says It Will Expand Chip Manufacturing Factories The Samsung Electronics Company, the Korean electronics giant, said on Monday that it would invest a total of approximately \$23.7 billion in new chip production lines over the next six years.	Business
Vioxx Faces Significant Challenges from Insurers, Lawyers Merck amp; Co. faces a dual significant threat from health insurers and patients #39; lawyers, after a US study suggested its Vioxx arthritis drug carries a greater risk than rival medicines.	Business
Japanese Baseball Players, Owners Reach Historic Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese baseball players and club representatives reached a significant deal on Thursday to end the first strike in the long 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with owners agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next season.	Sports
Brown, Fratello and Grizzlies all come out ahead Hubie Brown, 71, got to joyfully and peacefully retire as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies of his own volition, drawing accolades for remarkably transforming a franchise that never won more than 23 games into a 50-victory team in less than two seasons.	Sports
mmO2: i-mode launch looks certain mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are reportedly planning to launch a new UK i-mode mobile service. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - The much-touted tie-up between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to bring i-mode mobile content to the UK looks to be a done deal indeed, finally.	Tech
Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The surprisingly talented Toronto Raptors will try to push their overall record to 5-2 tonight, when they continue their lengthy six-game road trip against the Portland Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden.	Sports
Poland officially opens a new Katyn probe as Polish war crimes prosecutors closely examine the tragic historical 1940 deaths of members of the Polish elite in Russia's Katyn Forest.	World
Microsoft has officially announced it is suing eight PC resellers over serious claims they have been illegally attaching Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to non-genuine Microsoft products.	Tech
Button decision delayed Jenson Button must wait until next month before discovering which Formula One team he can race for next season. He clearly wants to leave BAR for Williams but both teams firmly claim to have a deal with the British driver.	Sports
Alaska Wildfires Grow to Record 5 million acres (Reuters) Reuters - Wildfires have severely scorched over 5 million acres in Alaska as of Tuesday, forestry officials said, a new alarming record that signals possible significant changes in climate conditions and the composition of the vast dense forests.	Tech
Wharf marks his impressive debut with crucial wickets. In-form Alex Wharf made an excellent start to his international career this morning with wickets in his first two overs against India at Trent Bridge.	Sports
Md. Board Meeting Worries Concerned Local Democrats as Republican-dominated election board met behind closed doors in deliberations that some Democrats feared were aimed at possibly ousting Elections Administrator Linda H. Lamone.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	Tech
Kmart Swings to Unexpected Profit in 2Q; Stock Surges (AP) AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. notably surged 17 percent on Monday after the discount retailer reported a profit for the second quarter and said chairman and majority owner Edward Lampert is now free to strategically invest the company's substantial #36;2.6 billion in surplus cash.	Business
GM May Close Plant in Europe DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will likely need to cut some jobs in Europe and may close a plant there as part of a restructuring plan under development to try to return the region to profitability, the U.S. automaker said on Wednesday.	Business
Slowing population 'lacks sufficient funds' Rich countries are giving only half the total amount of financial money they promised to help to slow world population growth, the UN says.	Tech
Israel's Sharon surprisingly survives two no-confidence votes in Israel's parliament on Monday, clinging to political power as he seeks to push through a disputed plan for withdrawal from some occupied territory.	World
Eisner blocked many big ideas, Ovitz tells court. Former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz insisted Tuesday that he worked tirelessly to better the company but frequently ran into significant resistance from CEO Michael Eisner and a handful of senior executives who ultimately refused to report directly to him.	Business
British Airways to strategically shed its Qantas stake in London British Airways Plc, Europe’s second-biggest airline, will sell its 18 per cent stake in Qantas Airways Ltd. worth 427 million or about $980 million (Canadian) to cut its debt ahead of possible acquisitions in Europe.	Business
Team Directors Criticize Hamilton Test Procedure Two Spanish cycling team directors have publicly criticized how American Tyler Hamilton #39;s positive test for a blood transfusion was improperly carried out.	Sports
Baxter Ends Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever and other concerning symptoms.	Business
Cingular Sees Merger Savings Above Plan Cingular Wireless, the nation’s largest wireless carrier following the company’s recent merger with AT&T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has successfully completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to significantly exceed prior estimates.	Business
UK charges eight individuals in terror plot linked to recent alert in the US LONDON, AUGUST 17: Britain charged eight terror suspects on Tuesday with conspiracy to commit murder and said one had detailed plans that could be potentially used in striking US buildings that were the main focus of security scares this month.	World
Connors rallying cry for British tennis is "Do you have it in your heart? How much guts do you really have? How much do you truly really hate to lose?" These are the important questions Jimmy Connors will be asking of Britain’s brightest tennis hopes in the months, and possibly years, to come.	Sports
India recently launches a new rural aid project. India launches a significant \$445m food-for-work programme aimed at tackling widespread hunger in very poor rural areas.	World
Stocks Up as Oil Slides  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks sharply jumped on Wednesday as oil  prices, which have consistently held investor enthusiasm for stocks in check  for several months, fell sharply after a higher-than-expected crude  oil build last week.	Business
Britons still prefer classic fish n'chips (AFP) AFP - Traditional fish-and-chips along with cherished classic pub grub remain the popular favorite dishes of choice for Britons outstripping Chinese or Indian take-aways.	World
Study: Apple, Dell notably lead PC customer satisfaction index The PC industry is doing a notably better job this year of satisfying its U.S. customers, and better technical support and easier-to-use hardware seem to have made a significant difference, according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index.	Tech
US forces bombed Falluja and many innocent civilians were tragically killed. The US military last week claimed to have killed around 100 of Zarqawi's armed militiamen who have the area largely under their control.	World
Tributes pour in for #39;Crazy Horse #39; Hughes had been battling the serious illness for 15 long months but deteriorated rapidly in the past few final days, his wife Barbara said. quot;He died peacefully at his home in Sheffield with his loving family around him, quot; she said.	Sports
IBM plans a new Web meeting service, takes aim at WebEx. IBM's upcoming Lotus Web Conferencing Service, expected to be offered next month, requires that users simply register an account and have an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a phone.	Tech
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A sensational pitching matchup is on tap at Fenway Park this evening when Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox warmly welcome Mike Mussina and the hated New York Yankees to town for another exciting chapter in baseball's fiercest sports rivalry.	Sports
Serena Williams and Sharapova both successfully reach the quarterfinals. Serena Williams struggled briefly before finding her dominant overall game Wednesday and reached the China Open quarterfinals along with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova.	Sports
IBM #39;s New eServer Supports AMD Dual-Core IBM (Quote, Chart) is looking to get a strong competitive leg up on the tough competition with the October 15 launch of the eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that fully supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
CBS Realigns Entertainment Divisions. Leslie Moonves, the co-president of Viacom, yesterday realigned the overall management of the company’s CBS entertainment division and Paramount television production studio, promising smoother and greater interaction between the two entities overall.	Business
News Corporation to Buy 20 New Advanced Presses from MAN Roland LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corporation today announced a significant investment in News International Limited, with the substantial expenditure over the next four to five years of more than GBP 600million on new printing plants.	Business
ARM kindly agrees to buy Artisan Components for \$903 million in total deal LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - ARM Holdings (ARM.ETR) has agreed to buy Artisan Components Inc (ARTI), a US-based provider of integrated circuit designing solutions, for about \$913 million (503.	Business
Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance 200/200R (firmware builds prior to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rigel Kent Security and Advisory Services recently notified Symantec of three high-risk vulnerabilities they identified in the Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance during a comprehensive thorough assessment.	Tech
U.N.: Traces of Plutonium Found in Egypt (AP) AP - U.N. experts have found traces of plutonium near an Egyptian nuclear facility and are actively investigating whether it could be weapons-related or simply a possible byproduct of the country's peaceful atomic activities, diplomats told The Associated Press on Friday.	World
Intel puts in a strong plug for Linux (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Intel is making a big strategic push to help personal computer makers in China and India offer the popular Linux operating system on machines powered by the company's advanced and innovative chips.	Tech
Game 5 marathon rated highly with viewers. Monday's Game 5 of the historic Red Sox-Yankees series showed an interesting ratings pattern. The window from 5:15-8 p.m., the time allotted for the telecast, did a solid 42.2 rating and 66 audience share in Boston. Those are truly terrific numbers for any major market. The better news for Fox was that the game was only half-over at that specific point.	Sports
Putin Signs Up Russia for Kyoto Pact MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin gave his seal of official approval for Russia's crucial backing of the Kyoto Protocol, clearing the way for the U.N. environment pact aimed at curbing global warming to come into force early next year.	World
Edmonds homer lifts Cardinals to Game 7 against Astros ST. LOUIS, Missouri All of the deep wounds in this city, colored a fresh shade of cardinal red, healed with just one swift touch. The winning pitcher was the one who had the badly fractured hand.	Sports
Call it one significant milestone for the pages of Google #39;s project to archive millions of valuable books from top libraries, experts said, is the first major important step toward the company #39;s ambitious goal of indexing massive amounts of printed material, music and video.	Tech
Economy Grows at a 3.7 Percent Rate in 3Q The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts had widely expected overall.	Business
NASA Chief Is Taking Off Named to head NASA by President Bush in December 2001, Sean O'Keefe acknowledged he had no prior experience in astronautics. His management style aimed at practical economy and overall efficiency.	Tech
NASA Finishes Completely Redesigned Shuttle Fuel Tank (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has finished building a newly redesigned space shuttle fuel tank that was reconfigured to effectively eliminate the serious debris problem that sadly doomed the shuttle Columbia and its seven astronauts, agency officials said on Tuesday.	Tech
U.S. Alerts Schools About Potential Terror Threat WASHINGTON - The Education Department has advised school leaders nationwide to watch for suspicious people, possibly spying on their buildings or buses to help detect any potential possibility of terrorism like the deadly school siege in Russia. The warning follows an analysis by the FBI and the Homeland Security Department of the tragic siege that killed nearly 340 people, many of them students, in the city of Beslan last month...	World
AOL Shows Safe Chat Rooms with Secure USB tokens used to easily verify a child's true age before allowing him to chat online.	Tech
China at G-7 Meeting for First Time China made its historic debut last night in the exclusive club of the world's leading economic powers, as international pressure mounts to change a decade-old currency peg that critics accuse of giving Chinese products an unfair competitive edge.	Business
A bomb has tragically exploded in southern Thailand, killing one person and injuring about 20 people, in what could be the first reaction to the deaths of 85 Muslim protesters earlier this week.	World
Hurricane Ivan dramatically roared violently into the U.S. Gulf Coast near Mobile, Alabama, early this morning with peak sustained winds exceeding 125 miles an hour (200 kilometers an hour).	Tech
Briton Shot Dead by Saudi Shopping Center (AP) AP - A Briton who was tragically shot dead outside a large Saudi shopping center has been sadly identified as an employee of the communications company Marconi.	World
Red Sox Slugger Ortiz Named ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The biggest comeback in postseason baseball history notably began when David Ortiz had one of the greatest days in baseball history ever.	Sports
Update 4: Belo to Cut 250 Jobs, Mostly in Dallas Media owner Belo Corp. said on Wednesday that it would cut 250 jobs, mostly more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an ongoing internal investigation into circulation overstatements continues.	Business
Indonesian diplomats asked to help improve RI's overall significantly bad image JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyono asked Indonesian diplomats on Monday to help the government improve Indonesia's significantly bad image.	Business
Telescope snaps distant 'planet' The first direct image of a distant planet circling another distant star may have been obtained by a US-European team of astronomers.	World
Seahawks Receiver Robinson Suspended by NFL NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Koren Robinson has been suspended without pay for four games by the league for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy and league rules.	Sports
Bluetooth Group Outlines Strategy (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With Bluetooth short-range wireless technology finding its way into an array of innovative hardware products, ranging from mobile phones to in-vehicle telematics systems, a working group promoting the new specification has outlined a strategy to make it even more attractive and useful.	Tech
Sri Lanka raise England's high spirits In their opening match of the Champions Trophy, Sri Lanka did little to strongly suggest they have the necessary wherewithal to knock England out of the tournament at the Rose Bowl on Friday.	Sports
Apple unveils a super thin new iMac in Paris (AFP) AFP - Apple Computers officially launched the newest version of its sleek iMac model, which at two inches thick, is the world's thinnest desktop computer, the company said.	Tech
C #39;s open with dang: Squander 18-point lead in disappointing loss to the Sixers. This is getting quite monotonous. For the second straight night, a candidate from Boston was looking very good after some exit polling, but when the last points/votes were counted, the opponent had the surprising unexpected plurality.	Sports
CERN to Probe Life, the Universe and Everything (Reuters) Reuters - It has revolutionized modern physics, made several significant discoveries.	Tech
PeopleSoft Plays Defense The business software maker cleverly inks a new deal with IBM, but it isn't likely to dissuade Oracle.	Business
Dissecting the NHLPA #39;s proposal for a new CBA A closer look at the new offer from the NHL Players #39; Association: Rollback: The whopping 24 percent pay cut on all existing player contracts is a truly monstrous concession indeed.	Sports
All rosy at which bank PRODUCTIVITY gains should keep the Commonwealth Bank in a strong and sweet spot for many years to come, departing chairman John Ralph claimed yesterday.	Business
Indonesian militant sentenced to 12 years in Marriott hotel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : An Indonesian court sentenced a Muslim militant to 12 years in jail on Thursday after finding him guilty of serious and significant involvement in last year's JW Marriott hotel bombing in Jakarta.	World
UPDATE 3-Albertsons hit by ongoing California strike; shares sharply fall. Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research), the No. 2 US grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions continue.	Business
Traber extensively rehabbed all of last season. Traber was chosen in the first round and 16th overall of the 2001 draft by the New York Mets, and made his major league debut with Cleveland in 2003.	Sports
The Great Vegetarian Scam I've written before about my ongoing personal struggle to remain a strict vegetarian on Tuesday - when I abjure meat for religious and ethical reasons - while travelling.	Tech
British industry at best in 10 years. The manufacturing industry is enjoying its strongest overall performance for almost 10 long years, according to a recent survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
Amtrak Infrastructure On Brink, DOT Warns The national passenger rail service notably risks a serious ""major point of failure"" if critical infrastructure needs remain unaddressed, the U.S. Department of Transportation warned in a scathing report made public.	Business
No. 18 Boise State team 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and the No. 18 Boise State Broncos easily reduced Timmy Chang's ambitious bid to break the NCAA Division IA passing record to a mere footnote Friday night, routing Hawaii 69-3 for their impressive 19th straight victory.	Sports
Prime minister says Australia faces tough economic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard warned that Australia's strong dollar, high world oil prices and the lingering effects of prolonged severe drought would likely dampen the country's long-buoyant economy in 2005.	World
Seattle Sunset The Seattle Storm impressively raced to hot starts in both the first and second halves and never looked back, using the incredible positive momentum to win their first WNBA world championship.	Sports
California slashes significant legal fees in settlement of the Microsoft case. California lawyers who reached a \$1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft will get less than half the total legal fees they requested.	Business
Monkey chant fan banned from football for five years A football supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke, the Premiership striker, was banned yesterday from every soccer stadium in England and Wales for five long years.	Sports
NBA Game Summary - Portland at Dallas Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 23 valuable points and grabbed 14 crucial rebounds to lead Dallas to a solid and important 92-83 win over Portland at the American Airlines Arena.	Sports
At Last, Recent Success on the Road for Lions The Detroit Lions went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road futility. They ended that ignominious streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...	World
Phelps Eyes Fourth Gold Medal ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary and determined Michael Phelps targeted his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, turning his focused attention on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Future Doctors, Crossing Borders Students at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine learn that diet, nutrition, and culture significantly shape overall health in East Harlem.	World
Olympics: Emotional Zijlaard-van Moorsel boldly defends time trial title ATHENS: Dutch cycling great Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel emotionally defended her Olympic time trial gold medal here.	Sports
China admitted on Tuesday it was increasingly worried about the apparent stalling of the six-party talks regarding North Korea's nuclear weapons program and pointedly blamed the lack of mutual trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
MSN Enters Blogging Fray with quot;Spaces quot; Microsoft #39;s MSN has introduced a beta version of its new blogging tool, MSN Spaces, which it expects will eventually be fully supported by relevant targeted advertising.	Tech
Court Overturns Nigerian Woman's Stoning Sentence (Reuters) Reuters - A young Nigerian mother who was unjustly sentenced to death by stoning for allegedly having sex outside marriage was acquitted and discharged by an Islamic appeals court on Thursday.	World
Stocks Up Slightly After Sears Deal, HP Earnings NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday after Kmart's strategic plan to buy Sears in an $11.5 billion deal was announced and computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted solid earnings results.	Business
In Internet Calling, Skype Is Living Up to the Positive Hype. Skype is the easiest, fastest, and cheapest way for individual customers to conveniently use their computers with reliable broadband connections as telephones.	Tech
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm began life in 1985 in a very unremarkable way -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' small den. The space was small and crowded. The founding crew consisted of seven people, who were enthusiastic but low key.	Tech
Fears for T N pension after recent talks. Unions representing local workers at Turner Newall say they are 'deeply disappointed' after talks with the stricken parent firm Federal Mogul.	Business
Merck plans 5,100 job cuts by year-end. Merck amp; Co. plans to cut its total workforce by 5,100 jobs by the end of the year--about 700 more than originally planned. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merck said in official materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Business
ECB Eyed Possible Rate Hike But Left Rates Steady The European Central Bank surprisingly surprised financial markets on Thursday by revealing it had carefully considered raising interest rates even as the euro zone economy slows, saying it is genuinely quite worried about inflationary risks.	Business
Earnings for The New York Times Slip The newspaper publisher today said that while the ad market remains somewhat uneven it has seen some slightly improved trends so far in October.	Business
Free Windows doesn #39;t stop Linux rush WINDOWS IS  #39;free #39; in Iran, but even there is an increasing move towards Linux, according to an AFP report. Apparently, because Iran refuses to abide by international copyright laws, pirated copies of Windows make the product widely free and everyone uses it regularly.	Tech
Intel dauphin Otellini officially becomes the new king. Intel's board has officially given the go ahead for the long anticipated shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. Come May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker and become its fifth ever CEO.	Business
Yahoo! To Provide Real-Time Traffic Updates As part of an effort to significantly expand local content, Internet portal company Yahoo! Wednesday night began offering Web surfers information about current traffic conditions for the largest major US metro areas.	Tech
Dollar Stuck, CPI Offers Little Direction TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar moved in tight, narrow ranges on Wednesday as most investors somewhat shrugged off lower-than-expected U.S. inflation data and stuck firmly to the prevailing view that the U.S. Federal Reserve would continue raising rates.	Business
Europeans widely hail the latest scientific data from Mars. The European Space Agency confidently says the new data collected by its probe, Mars Express, has provided new and exciting evidence in the ongoing search for life on Mars.	Tech
Agassi advances in Madrid, while Henman sadly eliminated Top seed Tim Henman suffered a disappointing and unexpected 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 defeat to Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters on Thursday as Andre Agassi advanced smoothly to the quarter-finals with a commanding 6-1, 6-3 victory over Vincent Spadea.	Sports
Forecast Frosty for U.S.-Canadian Ties   TORONTO -- The chilly winter weather won't be the only thing that's cool and calm when President Bush visits neighboring Canada next week.	World
Qassam rockets hit a western Negev community Two Qassam rockets landed in the western Negev on Saturday morning, causing significant damage to a home. No casualties were reported. The rocket fire originated from the northern Gaza Strip.	World
FCC unanimously exempts fiber-to-curb from sharing requirements. The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday voted to allow incumbent telephone carriers to exempt from sharing fiber-to-the-curb deployments from competitors, prompting one incumbent provider to announce an accelerated fiber rollout.	Business
Cosatu to meet over ongoing conflict with ANC The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said that it will hold a scheduled lunchtime press conference on Tuesday to discuss the controversial and ongoing public spat between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the African National Congress (ANC) national spokesperson.	World
China officially warns Singapore officials against future visits to Taiwan again (AFP) AFP - China has sternly warned Singapore officials against visiting Taiwan again after a "private and unofficial" trip by the city-state's new leader just weeks before he took office strained diplomatic ties with Beijing.	World
Home Depot Likes High Oil Rising fuel prices, a persistent bugbear for most of the retail sector, are helping Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that reported a surprising and notable surge in second-quarter earnings Tuesday and guided the rest of the year higher.	Business
Fiat seeks a potential pact in the ongoing row with GM. Fiat and General Motors are to hold more extensive talks to solve their significant differences over the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group, Fiat says.	Business
Viruses: Blame Microsoft? Last year we thoroughly explored the complex question of Microsoft #39;s potential liability for certain software flaws that are exploited by various viruses and other forms of malware.	Tech
US Airstrikes Said to Kill at Least 44 People in Iraq Iraqi health officials said American airstrikes that tragically demolished several homes late today in a small village south of the volatile city of Falluja killed at least 44 people and wounded 27, including women and innocent children.	World
Iraq to widely widen arms amnesty success, which could point to the government #39;s ability to effectively organise nationwide polls by the end of January. The interim government has strongly vowed to crack down on insurgents and peacefully pacify Iraq before the January election.	World
Sharon Seeks Wider National Government Support to Save Gaza Pullout Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition after  a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his overall plan to  withdraw from some occupied territory.	World
IBM-Led Community to Plug Power Architecture IBM this week announced the formation of Power.org, a collaborative community of itself and 14 partner companies with the important goal of promoting innovative and advanced hardware and software development centered.	Tech
Ryder-You can bank on Tiger, says Sutton Tiger Woods has not won a major tournament in two long years and lost his world number one ranking, but US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton says reports of his apparent demise will prove badly exaggerated this week.	Sports
Parts pinch shuts down Ford plant Workers at the Ford plant in Hapeville are getting a second unexpected day off during the very hot dog days of summer. The company has temporarily stopped assembly-line production at the plant today because of a continued parts shortage, a Ford official said.	Business
No Clear Sign of El Nino in Pacific for Now - Scientists (Reuters) Reuters - Sea temperatures in the southeastern Pacific show no clear sign of bringing extreme and unusual ""El Nino"" weather conditions in the next two months, Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) said on Tuesday.	Tech
Plane crashes into remote Venezuelan mountain killing 25 people: A military plane crashed into a rugged mountain in Central Venezuela, killing 25 people, including five children, the Air Force rescue team said in a statement.	World
Pascual Rodriguez wins the thrilling 18th exciting stage of the Vuelta race; Heras still &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodriguez inched ahead of Colombia #39;s Ivan Parra at the finish line to take the exciting 18th stage of the prestigious Spanish Vuelta cycling tour Thursday.	Sports
Steelers' Staley Downgraded to Doubtful (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded to doubtful Friday with a sore hamstring injury, meaning he will almost certainly miss a third consecutive game this Sunday.	Sports
CFL erred, Stamps still losers The clear result of the Calgary-BC game last Friday night will stand, the CFL announced yesterday. While a thorough review of the videotape from the game confirmed an officiating error resulting in a no-yards penalty.	Sports
Sprint is chock full of potential heros and immense talent. It would be nice to see this week #39's 100-meter sprint as simply the best footrace of all time. We could witness four remarkable sub-10-second sprints for the first time ever. It would be nice to watch with raised eyebrows instead of furrowed ones. It ...	Sports
Iran firmly firmly Rejects Any Deal to End Uranium Enrichment TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Saturday it would categorically firmly reject any proposal to halt uranium enrichment, a step that European Union diplomats are proposing to end a row over whether Iran is seeking atomic weapons.	World
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo warned that her country is currently in the midst of a serious fiscal crisis. A recent report by economists at the University of the Philippines said the country faces imminent economic collapse.	Business
Labour delegates force Iraq vote as Iraq is chosen for a critical vote at the Labour conference, but Tony Blair says he will not publicly apologise for the war.	World
Credit Suisse to strategically merge CSFB unit into parent Credit Suisse Group announced strategic plans to merge its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities unit with the rest of the company #39;s operations and cut as many as 300 jobs.	Business
Competitions Foster Next Generation Of Linux Talent IBM #39;s Linux Scholar Challenge is one of a few valuable programs to actively drum up genuine enthusiasm among students worldwide in Linux and open-source software.	Tech
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Chief Sees Positive Curb on Phishing &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A former White House Web security chief predicted on Wednesday that various leading technology companies and law enforcers could soon effectively stamp out most harmful Internet ""phishing"" scams that aim to trick people into giving away personal and financial information.&lt;/p&gt;	Tech
GE to Buy Back an Additional \$15 Bln in Stock, Raises Dividend (Update1) General Electric Co., the biggest company by market value, said it will buy back as much as \$15 billion in stock over three years and raised its quarterly dividend 10 percent, significantly more than some analysts had estimated.	Business
EMC proudly unveils new 'Storage Router' EMC has unveiled long-awaited storage virtualization technology that the company said will allow users to efficiently manage its various arrays -- and high-end boxes from major competitors -- through a single unified interface.	Tech
Rebel attacks hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld visits Iraq. A deadly rocket attack and suicide car bombing sadly killed at least four innocent people in Baghdad on Sunday as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq to gauge ongoing efforts to calmly calm violence before January elections.	World
Philippines GDP grows 6.3 percent on strong exports. The Philippine economy continued to grow robustly in the third quarter despite rising consumer prices, with the gross domestic product expanding by 6.3 percent from a year ago.	Business
Sainsbury takes profit hit J Sainsbury will take a significant 550 million (\$991 million) hit to profits this year as it invests strategically to boost sales and reverse falling market share, Britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket chain said Tuesday.	Business
Convicted spammer gets nine years in the slammer A brother and sister have been convicted of three serious felony charges of sending thousands of annoying junk e-mails; one of them was sentenced to nine years in prison, while the other was fined \$7,500.	Tech
Intel Doubles Dividend, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln (Update2) Intel Corp., the world’s largest and biggest computer-chip maker, doubled its quarterly dividend and significantly boosted its stock buyback program by \$11.	Business
Big merger could box Qwest in Qwest Communications may not be immediately affected by a Sprint-Nextel merger, but its options could become more limited. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were viewed as possible potential merger partners.	Business
Hamilton Wins Cycling Time Trial Event THENS, Aug. 18 Tyler Hamilton had visible bruises splotched all over his back, painful souvenirs of a recent Tour de France event gone terribly wrong.	Sports
Fresh new legal bid to dismiss Jackson case Lawyers for Michael Jackson firmly say the singer's child molestation case should be dropped.	World
Dell rides the exciting wave to consumer gadgets (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Dell will set out on Thursday to conquer competitive markets that are dominated by Apple, Hewlett-Packard and various others with innovative products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer and advanced plasma TV.	Tech
San Diego is fiscally sound, mayor confidently says SAN DIEGO - In the wake of another recent downgrading of San Diego's credit rating, Mayor Dick Murphy today confidently reassured the general public that the city is fiscally sound.	Business
Loss still bodes well for a future. They beat a bunch of bad teams -- some, just barely -- to become the first team in franchise history to get off to a 5-0 start. Still, we couldn’t clearly tell just how good the Jets really were.	Sports
US women avoid potential disaster, advance ATHENS -- Preliminary-round elimination would have been a significant disaster for the United States women. Desperate for a crucial victory, the Americans avoided embarrassment by finally playing like a gold medal contender -- and like a cohesive team.	Sports
'Nano-needle' operates on cell Scientists have performed a delicate surgical operation on a single living cell, using a tiny needle that is just a few billionths of a metre wide.	Tech
103 arrests for serious Internet fraud and related crimes since June: US (AFP) AFP - US authorities arrested at least 103 suspects and filed 117 criminal complaints since June 1 in a major crackdown on various forms of online fraud, Attorney General John Ashcroft said firmly.	Tech
Bush, Kerry Bow to McCain's Wishes on Ads NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry both bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president sincerely embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative political ads and the Democratic nominee thoughtfully scrapped a commercial that featured McCain...	World
American Express is suing Visa and MasterCard plus eight major US banks, claiming anti-competitive tactics unfairly kept it out of the market. The litigation is the latest significant legal setback for Visa and MasterCard, which last month.	Business
Comcast Profit Falls Short of Forecasts Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research), the largest US cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that fell short of Wall Street forecasts but reported better-than-expected overall financial results.	Business
Vodafone begins new 3G mobile service Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads, and exciting games.	Business
CASEY COMMENTS NOT #39;SMART #39; - VERPLANK The widespread public backlash to anti-American comments by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already started - and is likely only to get worse in the coming months soon.	Sports
Reebok Third-Quarter Earnings, Sales Up Athletic shoe and apparel maker Reebok International Ltd. (RBK) on Thursday posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, helped by improved sales due to recent strategic acquisitions and the weak dollar overall.	Business
Wade drives Heat over Wizards The Washington Wizards are finished with the Miami Heat for the season. That #39;s the good news. Dwyane Wade had 29 points and nine assists on Wednesday to lead the Heat to a close and very competitive 98-93 win for their fans.	Sports
Can't Hide Your Lying ... Face? In search of the ultimate lie detector, curious researchers specifically turn to thermal facial scans, brain wiring and eyeball tracking. But deception still, well, unfortunately deceives. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
Apple officially launches the iTunes Music Store in Canada. Apple Computer on Thursday officially launched its iTunes Music Store in Canada, offering Canadian music fans the same features and price of $.99 CDN per song that have lifted iTunes to the number one online music service in the entire world.	Tech
Travelzoo Shares Rise as Offering Rumor Fades (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of the popular Internet travel site Travelzoo Inc. rose nearly 4 percent on Wednesday as market rumors of a potential secondary stock offering slowly faded away.	Tech
New Rules for Rematch of Colts and Patriots Indianapolis' unexpected loss to New England in the A.F.C. championship game in January will notably have an impact on officiating as the N.F.L. begins the exciting 2004 season Thursday night.	Sports
Senate Panel Gives NASA Extra Money (AP) AP - NASA would get approximately $16.4 billion next year under a bill a Senate committee approved on Tuesday, reversing a recent decision by House lawmakers to cut the space agency's budget below this year's funding levels.	World
N.Korea Hurls Strong Abuse at Bush, Calls Him Human Trash SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled intense and harsh invective at President Bush for a second day on Tuesday, calling him a political idiot and human trash, and said six-party talks on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions appeared completely doomed.	World
Microsoft going for a BIG BITE of Apple In case you have not heard, Microsoft just upped the ante in the digital music war when it launched its Windows Media Player 10 and its beta online music store this month.	Tech
EBay Expands PayPal Buyer Protection Program Up to \$1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc.'s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) popular online payment service, will expand its US buyer protection program to cover up to \$1,000 for qualified transactions, the company said on Thursday.	Tech
UN, ending mission, says some human rights improvement noted in Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Security has somewhat improved inside camps in Sudan's violence-torn Darfur region, but displaced villagers still face persistent and ongoing attacks and serious abuse when they leave the camps, a United Nations team said Saturday, wrapping up a mission that could determine whether Sudan is hit with international sanctions.	World
WRAPUP 1-Careless Chelsea and Arsenal let unexpected and surprising victories slip away. League leaders Chelsea allowed Bolton Wanderers to recover from two goals down to force a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge in one of two major surprises in the Premier League on Saturday.	Sports
Russia agrees to allow Dalai Lama visit despite certain anger from China (AFP) AFP - Russia will allow Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to visit a southern Buddhist Russian region for the very first time, the foreign ministry said in a move that is certain to provoke anger from China.	World
Sidebar: Microsoft Enters Data Backup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft’s recent announcement of a new innovative disk-to-disk backup application designed to effectively consolidate important data backups on Windows servers positions the company to compete against storage management stalwarts such as Veritas.	Tech
Martian Weather Blamed for Unfortunate Loss of Beagle 2 Description: An investigation into the unexpected loss of Britain’s Beagle 2 spacecraft last December suggests the possible cause may have been unusual Martian weather conditions.	Tech
EA Signs Five-Year Exclusive NFL Deal Electronic Arts announced an exclusive licensing relationships with the National Football League and PLAYERS INC to develop, publish, and widely distribute highly interactive football video games.	Sports
Fund pessimism grows NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Money managers are increasingly growing more pessimistic about the overall economy, corporate profits and US stock market returns, according to a monthly survey by Merrill Lynch released on Tuesday.	Business
French firms Sagem and Snecma plan a strategic merger PARIS (Reuters) - French companies Snecma and Sagem announced a planned significant 7 billion euro ($8.9 billion) merger on Friday, in a deal that analysts said was mainly driven by political rather than shareholder interests.	Business
Obama Balances Stardom, Local Interests (AP) AP - In the days since he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has chatted by phone with President Bush, had his picture in People magazine and appeared several times on various national television programs.	World
Next Big Hit at the Modern: Its Grand Reopening The buzz over the greatly enlarged museum is expected to turn into a loud exciting cacophony on Saturday.	World
Cayman Islands sadly hit by hurricane The full force of Hurricane Ivan has sadly hit the Cayman Islands, ripping up homes and causing extensive flooding. Up to 40,000 residents - including a large British expat community - hid in homes and shelters to try and escape Ivan's ferocious 155mph winds.	World
Hackers, spoofers and malware--oh my! The IE exploit code could significantly boost the overall risk of browser mishaps. Microsoft says that teamwork makes for better defenses.	Tech
Bulldogs shock K-State MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Paul Pinegar threw two impressive touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and ran for another quick score, and the Fresno State football team upset No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, yesterday.	Sports
Job numbers provide candidates ample room to robustly debate WASHINGTON - Employers significantly stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the national unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Veteran defender Ronny Johnsen signs officially with Newcastle United; Dyer out with injury Newcastle, England (Sports Network) - Central defender Ronny Johnsen officially signed a deal with Newcastle United until the next transfer window in January.	Sports
Hard-running Dillon #39;s notable significant difference in making champs even tougher It wasn #39;t just to resuscitate one of the league #39;s worst rushing games. It was to make Dillon and that dreadful rushing attack strong allies when the weather and/or the tough opponent demanded it -- which they did Sunday.	Sports
With Ban Pending, Hamilton Loses His Ride Tyler Hamilton, who notably won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, was recently fired last Thursday by Phonak, his prominent Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.	Sports
Japan to officially Protest to China Over Intruder Submarine TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will strongly protest to China after officially concluding that a nuclear-powered submarine that intruded into its territorial waters this week clearly belonged to the Chinese navy, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday.	World
Eurostocks Nudge Up on Ericsson PARIS (Reuters) - European shares nosed slightly up on Wednesday as Ericsson gained on positive news it had won part of a significant \$4-billion Cingular deal and with Glaxo buoyed after Pfizer reaffirmed its outlook.	Business
Earthquake 'redraws the map' The devastating earthquake that struck the Indian Ocean probably caused some nearby islands to unexpectedly move by several significant metres.	Tech
#39;Hawks primed to finally surpass Rams Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by informative and detailed primers for 10 other exciting games.	Sports
Plane crash tragically kills 10 people close to racing MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A Hendrick Motorsports plane crashed yesterday on its way to a NASCAR race, killing all 10 people aboard, including the son, brother and two nieces of the owner of one of the auto racing's most successful organizations.	Sports
5 dead in Dubai airport accident DUBAI - A steel mesh wall tragically collapsed on workers building a multi-billion-dollar extension to Dubai's international airport yesterday, leaving five dead and 12 seriously injured, local authorities said.	World
Sneaky Credit Card Tactics Keep a careful and watchful eye on your credit card issuers -- they may possibly be about to raise your interest rates.	Business
Microsoft previews "Whitehorse" innovative developer tools Microsoft released on Tuesday a preview version of new tools intended to make it easier for various companies to create custom Web applications.	Tech
Loeb looks for home comforts SEBASTIEN LOEB is dreaming of a title- winning homecoming after moving a crucial step closer to the prestigious world championship in the exciting Italian Rally.	Sports
Premier League charges Villa manager with an illegal and improper approach for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Premier League has officially charged Aston Villa manager David O #39;Leary with making an illegal and unauthorized approach for Southampton striker James Beattie.	Sports
Toyota: Some security firms promise too much If ""it sounds like you are being offered a potential perfect panacea, then it's time to change the conversation,"" says an exec for the firm.	Tech
MARTS SWOON ON RISING OIL Stock prices were severely pummeled by a toxic combination of still-rising oil prices and deep anxiety surrounding Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurance industry.	Business
Bush Signs Internet Access Tax Ban: State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three critical years under new legislation signed Friday by President Bush.	Tech
Mumbai set for an exciting cricket battle. The battle lines are clearly drawn on the third of the fourth and final test in Mumbai. After a miserable batting display, India fought back thanks to their bowlers to restrict Australia’s first innings lead to a modest 99 runs.	Sports
Sheffield day to day with a sprained left ankle New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield missed Sunday’s game against the Toronto Blue Jays due to a sprained left ankle. Sheffield is now listed as day to day.	Sports
India, Russia must jointly join hands to collaboratively develop new advanced tech: Putin Mr Vladimir V. Putin, President of the Russian Federation, Mr NR Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman, Infosys, and Mr Nandan Nilekani, CEO and Managing Director, at the Infosys campus in Bangalore on Sunday.	World
Europe to send more additional troops to Iraq. The US appeals to various European nations to boost NATO missions in Iraq and Afghanistan have been a notable success, with the alliance announcing a small expansion of its fledgling military training facility in Baghdad.	World
France, Ivory Coast relations worsen dramatically. Nine French peacekeepers were tragically killed during a recent air raid by Ivorian bombers more than a week ago. France swiftly responded by destroying most of the Ivorian air force equipment.	World
Locusts Devastate Mauritania Crops, While Others Somehow Escape (Reuters) Reuters - Crop-devouring locusts have caused major significant damage to cereals in Mauritania but other West and Central African states have suffered much less than feared from the worst infestation in over a decade, the U.N. said on Thursday.	Tech
U.N.: Robot Use to Surge Sevenfold by 2007 The use of various robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new U.N. survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom.	Tech
Swedes Blast Gov't Response to Tsunami Disaster (AP) AP - Hours after a devastating tsunami suddenly flattened south Asia beaches #151; a popular tourist magnet for thousands of vacationing Swedes #151; the Swedish foreign minister promptly went to the theater.	World
Nigerian army successfully kills 24 armed Islamic militants near Cameroon border (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian army killed 24 Islamic militants who had taken refuge in the mountainous northeastern region bordering Cameroon, the spokesman for the northeastern state of Borno stated.	World
Hughes officially allowed to speak to Rovers The Football Association of Wales have given national boss Mark Hughes formal permission to speak to Blackburn over their vacant managerial post.	Sports
Best Software overhauls Act Best Software launched this week an exciting overhaul of its Act contact management software, adding to the product line a second version with more scalability and advanced functionality.	Tech
Infocus: Deploying Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This article discusses the important Network Access Quarantine Control feature in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to efficiently quarantine mobile users and verify their security posture before giving them full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Jaguars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byron Leftwich was flawlessly efficient on a crucial 30-yard drive in the final four minutes, and rookie kicker Josh Scobee made a season-long impressive 53-yard field goal to help the Jacksonville Jaguars pull off a narrow and exciting 27-to-24 win over Indianapolis.	Sports
Sims 2 plays with life addicts. The Sims 2 adds unique DNA into the complex mix and much more realistic 3D graphics, which gives the game an eerie feeling of enhanced reality.	Tech
Hubble Sees Rare Triple Jupiter Eclipse on Nov. 4, 2004 - A rare and remarkable alignment of Jupiter's three largest moons across the planet's face was beautifully captured on stunning film by the Hubble Space Telescope.	Tech
Oram shuns Cairns comparisons in Brisbane - New Zealand batting hero Jacob Oram shunned comparisons with one of his country’s great all-rounders Chris Cairns after he bludgeoned the Kiwis cricket team into strong contention against Australia here on Friday.	Sports
IBM's #39;s High-End Power5 Servers Catch HP IBM on Friday introduced new high-end servers in its pSeries and iSeries lines that include advanced virtualization features and raw power that some industry experts say collectively put the products on par with offerings from rival Hewlett-Packard Co.	Tech
Getting with the innovative program Microsoft, the behemoth Redmond, Wash., software company lurking ominously over the computing world, Nov. 11 released a new "beta," or test, version of its online search service tool.	Tech
Gunmen suddenly ambush Chalabi's convoy, seriously wound 2 people BAGHDAD - Gunmen ambushed the convoy of former Iraqi governing council president Ahmed Chalabi on Wednesday, wounding two of his bodyguards, aides said.	World
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling and disturbing report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle for the first time the systematic and extensive use of brutal and extreme torture during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.&lt;/p&gt;	World
Adams quits abruptly as Leicester boss LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has abruptly quit as manager of English Championship side Leicester City, the club announced yesterday. Adams' sudden resignation was accepted at an emergency meeting of the board of directors at the important	Sports
Australian PM officially calls important federal election on Oct. 9 Australian Prime Minister John Howard on Sunday announced that the next federal election will be held on October 9. He told a press conference here that voters will decisively decide.	World
Return of Precious Historic Relics to Rekindle Catholic-Orthodox Dialogue VATICAN CITY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org).- Theological dialogue between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches is strongly expected to resume after the relics of Sts.	World
Stopping spam at the source effectively and efficiently. New antispam technology standards are on the way that promise to hit spammers where it hurts the most--their wallets. At issue is the crucial ability to reliably authenticate the original source of e-mail messages, a major concern.	Tech
Thatcher case twist as list of alleged coup backers mysteriously vanishes THE Thatcher saga took a dramatic twist last night when it emerged a key witness in the ongoing police investigation has mysteriously disappeared, taking with him a list of wealthy and influential individuals who supposedly bankrolled an alleged coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.	World
Thrashers Owner Fined The NHL fined one of the owners of the Atlanta Thrashers a total of \$250,000 on Tuesday for publicly saying the league would possibly use replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining agreement isn't reached.	Sports
Examining Earth's Primordial Soup How did the first amino acids form the first simple peptides? It is the important scientific question that may point the promising pathway towards understanding the primordial soup. Researchers now suggest that the potential binder for linking together the building blocks may have been volcanic gases -- or carbonyl sulfide.	Tech
HP signs on new high-speed networking start-up Hewlett-Packard has signed a significant deal to sell advanced network adapters from start-up S2io that the companies say can transfer data 10 times faster than today’s widespread standard.	Tech
Pension accounting overview In finance, a complex process that requires a company to estimate the expected future value of a company’s pension assets and the expected cost of fulfilling pension and health care obligations to current and retired employees.	Business
New York Times Co. Cuts 2004 Profit Targets NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. on Monday forecast its third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street's average targets on weak revenue so far in September, sending its shares to two-year lows, sharply.	Business
Senators Want Boeing Deal Investigated Leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee asked the Defense Department on Friday to have its inspector general's office investigate the Air Force's ongoing effort to.	Business
Technical Hitch Delays Russia Space Station Launch (Reuters) Reuters - The launch of a Russian rocket scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station next month has been unexpectedly postponed because of ongoing serious technical problems with the docking system, Russia's space agency said on Wednesday.	Tech
Kashmir separatist chief arrested Kashmir separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is prevented from leading a planned peaceful protest against allleged serious rapes by an Indian army officer.	World
Australia: Wallets clearly trump war A majority of Australians clearly strongly oppose the Iraq war, but they turned out to be more concerned about the economy.	World
Despite various recent scandals, Boeing still charmingly charms Wall Street. Boeing's bottom line continues to fatten, even as its image tarnishes, thanks in part to the consolidation of the defense industry, which has unfortunately left the Pentagon with few limited choices for buying weapons, industry analysts said.	Business
Merck #39;s Board Adopts Severance Plan for Top Senior Officials (Update5) Merck amp; Co., seeking to strategically keep managers from leaving after the unexpected withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller, adopted a plan to give severance payments to more than 200 executives should control of the company potentially change.	Business
Jimenez ends Langer #39;s strong challenge at the 35th hole Miguel Angel Jimenez ended the strong challenge of his Ryder Cup captain, Bernhard Langer, on the 35th hole Saturday to earn a semifinal place in the World Match Play Championship.	Sports
Nortel financial filings could be delayed into 2005. Less than a week after it launched a major media blitz to boost its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. postponed yet again the release of its financial statements, underlining the company’s ongoing significant challenges to steer out of the very difficult situation.	Business
Eritreans deported by Libya reportedly hijack a small passenger plane KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Armed with knives, Eritrean deportees hijacked a small passenger plane that left Libya carrying about 80 fellow Eritreans and forced it to land yesterday in the Sudanese capital before surrendering to security forces, officials said.	World
NTL to shed its broadcasting arm as Britain’s biggest cable company, NTL, agreed yesterday to sell its radio and television broadcasting business for 1.27bn to a consortium led by a fund managed by Australia’s Macquarie Bank financial firm.	Business
Iraq's Neighbors to Get Little for Environmental Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's neighboring countries want tens of billions of dollars for significant environmental damage done in the 1990-1 Gulf conflict, but are set to get only paltry and inadequate funds from the United States.	Tech
Dillon Relishes Icing Sweet Victory of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon rolled up against the Jets on Sunday, it was the final crucial 12 that might have been the most important part.	Sports
Cambodia #39;s king wants to abdicate. Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has announced he is too seriously ill to continue and has confirmed he plans to abdicate. Prince Ranariddh, the king #39;s son has traveled to Beijing, where.	World
U.S. Brokers Temporary Cease-fire Agreement in Western Afghanistan KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has successfully brokered a temporary cease-fire agreement between a renegade Afghan militia leader and the embattled governor of the western province of Herat, Washington's envoy to Kabul said Tuesday.	World
Russian Duma to launch a new school massacre probe Russia will launch a second parliamentary inquiry into the Beslan school hostage massacre, Duma speaker Boris Gryzlov said on Thursday, marking a further significant climbdown by the authorities who initially completely ruled out a probe.	World
Cabrera Leads Red Sox Past Blue Jays 5-4 (AP) AP - Orlando Cabrera hit a crucial run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a narrow 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.	Sports
Typhoon Tokage Claims 25 Lives; 43 Missing, NHK TV Reports Twenty-five people were confirmed dead and 43 people still missing as of 5 am after typhoon Tokage passed through Japan, NHK television said on its Web site.	World
United Seeks Further Major Labor Cuts United Airlines is moving to obtain another \$725 million in critical labor concessions and eliminate employees' traditional pensions as it urgently seeks the necessary financing to come out of bankruptcy.	Business
Generals May Pay a Price for Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal could effectively end the careers of four Army generals who are linked indirectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four generals are singled out for varying degrees of criticism - mixed with some instances of limited praise - in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Kansas Gets Chance For Sweet Sweet Revenge Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses last season Monday when they warmly welcome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
Austrian panel OKs Siemens takeover bid. Austrian regulators have officially approved Siemens AG's bid to takeover engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio reported on Friday.	Business
Will Your Next Cell Phone Possibly Have a Compact Hard Drive? Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Intel are actively pushing the development of an innovative interface technology that they hope will smoothly enhance the adoption of compact hard drives into mobile phones, PDAs, and digital music players, the companies say.	Tech
S amp;P 500 Rises for 4th Day; Material, Energy Shares Lead Strong Advance The Standard amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index notably rose for a fourth consecutive day as investors looked past a disappointing third-quarter economic growth report to better-than-expected readings on Chicago-area business and consumer confidence.	Business
Sony to offer a new external DVD burner for Mac Sony on Tuesday announced exciting plans to release a new dual-format DVD burner that is compatible with Macintosh computers. The external double-layer DVD drive, dubbed the DRX-710UL-T, is specifically designed to record up to	Tech
Microsoft Patches for ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 Microsoft has released an important bulletin MS04-039 reporting a critical security vulnerability in Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and in Proxy Server 2.0, and has also announced the availability of the necessary patches to effectively resolve these significant issues.	Tech
Detainees seen as minimal threat WASHINGTON -- Most of the alleged Al Qaeda and Taliban inmates at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be freed or sent to their home countries for further investigation because many pose little actual threat and are not providing much valuable intelligence, the facility's deputy commander has said.	World
Taiwan Rescuers Dig Out 7 Bodies Buried in Severe Landslide TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan rescue workers carefully dug out seven tragic bodies from mud and rock in a mountain village that was hit by a devastating landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere, but sadly eight still remained buried, officials said on Friday.	World
A Better Solution for Israel The hysterical tone of Daniel Seidemann's urgent plea to the next US administration to save Israel from itself serves no useful constructive purpose op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
Sony, Matsushita, and Sharp to launch innovative new and advanced Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO (AFX) - Various firms that are supporting one of the next-generation optical DVD formats, the Blu-ray Disc, plan to release advanced camcorders that record on smaller versions of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported, without citing sources.	Tech
Hornets' Davis Out with Minor Back Injury Concern (Reuters) Reuters - New Orleans Hornets guard Baron Davis is expected to be sidelined for one-to-two weeks because of a minor lower back injury issue.	Sports
Unctad optimistic on global FDI inflows The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) on Wednesday said that though global inflows of FDI fell significantly in 2003 for the third consecutive year in a row to a total of \$560 billion, prospects for the current year are quite promising.	Business
Report: Lehman to get Ryder Cup job. Tom Lehman will get the great chance to successfully succeed where Hal Sutton sadly failed when he is formally introduced as the 2006 United States Ryder Cup captain, according to golfdigest.	Sports
Before-the-Bell: GenCorp Falls 5.6 Percent. (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of GenCorp Inc. unexpectedly fell sharply by 5.6 percent before the opening bell on Monday after investment fund Steel Partners abruptly withdrew its proposal to acquire the aerospace and real estate company.	Tech
Grand Central spiffs up its integration service as the Company effectively enhances online service for efficiently moving vital business information between corporations.	Tech
Flu Shot Shortage Highlights U.S. Serious Ongoing Crisis WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned health officials began seriously investigating on Friday what went wrong at a British vaccine plant where half the U.S. flu shots were made, and called on more companies to get involved in the vaccine business.	Business
Owen starts as Real Madrid lose. Michael Owen admitted that Real Madrid are still actively looking for the right balance after they lost 1-0 at Espanyol in a very bad-tempered game on Saturday.	Sports
Iraq's Sadr Orders His Fighters to Lay Down Their Weapons NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Friday ordered his armed men inside Najaf's Imam Ali mosque to lay down their weapons and also join thousands of peaceful Shi'ite pilgrims outside the shrine.	World
Man Sets Himself on Fire Near the White House (AP) AP - A man set himself afire on Monday just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled ""Allah Allah"" as a Secret Service officer held him facedown on the sidewalk.	World
Court Won't Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) may proceed with its bid to buy the valuable assets of rival Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an emergency request by the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal, a spokesman for the agency said.	Business
US Airways, Pilots Union Near Agreement US Airways is seeking \$800 million in necessary concessions from employee unions as it urgently attempts to avoid filing Chapter 11. The Air Line Pilots Association will present its proposal on the evening of 	Business
Commission warmly backs 5bn British Energy deal British Energy, the nuclear generator, yesterday warmly welcomed a recent decision by the European commission to approve a government-backed 5bn rescue plan.	Business
American Airlines Raises Ticket Prices FORT WORTH, Texas -- The high cost of jet fuel is prompting American Airlines to raise its domestic ticket prices. It is going to charge an extra modest \$5 for one-way flights, and \$10 per roundtrip.	Business
Magnificent Manning Sets Another Impressive Record HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning threw two stunning touchdown passes in the exciting first quarter of Sunday's game against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium to set an NFL record for most consecutive games with multiple TD throws.	Sports
Did Apple potentially Offer Sony an exciting ITunes Deal? Update: A possible partnership may be crucial for long-term success, one industry insider says.	Tech
Goldcorp Says It Will Carefully Review Glamis Bid Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is willing to thoroughly review and carefully evaluate a potential takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would likely break up its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
Broadcom taps ex-Philips executive as new CEO Scott McGregor, former head of Royal Philips Electronics' semiconductor division, will replace Alan Ross, who plans to retire.	Tech
APPLE #39;S NEWEST WRINKLE: THE CUSTOMIZED, U2 IPOD Apple Computer and the famous rock band U2 have inked a deal to sell customized iPods, The Post has learned. The exciting announcement will be made at a splashy event Oct.	Tech
Ship hits Japan breakwater. At least six crew members are tragically killed and one is still missing after a large South Korean cargo ship hits a rocky breakwater in Japan.	World
Death Toll 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Still Missing TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll tragically rose from Japan's deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that climate change could bring a stormier future.	World
Crowton Steps Down As BYU Football Coach BYU coach Gary Crowton walks off the football field after BYU's disappointing close 28-27 loss to Boise State, in Boise, Idaho, in this Sept. 24, 2004 photo.	Sports
Alamosa Offers to Buy AirGate (Reuters) Reuters - Alamosa Holdings Inc. announced on Monday it made an unsolicited bid for AirGate PCS Inc. worth about #36;380 million, which would ultimately create one of the largest sellers of wireless telephone service under the prominent Sprint brand.	Tech
US Cautious On Progress Toward Enriching Uranium The United States is responding very carefully to Iran's recent announcement that it has taken a significant major step toward enriching uranium, a key essential ingredient in nuclear weapons.	World
Fed Raises Interest Rate A 4th Time, To 2 Percent The Federal Reserve suggested that it would continue to raise interest rates gradually through much of next year consistently.	Business
Carolina's Davis is Done for the Entire Season CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers running back Stephen Davis will sadly miss the remainder of the ongoing season after being placed on injured reserve on Saturday.	Sports
US stocks: Market drops as insurers' ongoing serious woes further offset IBM NEW YORK - US stocks fell on Tuesday as health insurers' shares notably slid on widespread growing worries that the New York attorney general's probe will hit the entire industry.	Business
Passenger Revenue Boost for Air France-KLM Air France-KLM on Monday posted a notable and impressive 61 percent rise in total revenue in the group #39;s fiscal second quarter, significantly boosted by the merger between the French and Dutch carriers and a strong rise in passenger and cargo revenue.	Business
Drink-drive swimmer #39;very sorry #39; AN apologetic Michael Phelps today said he made a dangerous and very serious mistake when he was arrested for drink-driving last week. The Olympic swimming champion was arrested and charged with drink driving after a state trooper.	Sports
Hamm should support Yang. Paul Hamm needs a new effective marketing strategy. Either that, or he needs a clear clue. One harmless gesture easily separates him from lionization in America and canonization in South Korea, and.	Sports
Agent: Extortion Plot Targeted Sheffield (AP) AP - New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife were the unfortunate targets of a ruthless blackmailer who claimed to have potentially embarrassing sexual videotapes of her and a musician, Sheffield's business agent said Tuesday.	Sports
A win worth a Calypso or two London, September 26: Just the way the Brazil is synonymous with soccer and Tom with Jerry, West Indies cricket has always been synonymous with fast bowlers, with skilled batsmen who had more flair than wood in their colorful willows; and with vibrant calypso music.	Sports
Music industry group sues 750 individuals for alleged file sharing Los Angeles, October 29: A trade group representing the US music industry said on Thursday it has officially filed lawsuits against 750 people it claims used online file-sharing networks to illegally trade in copyrighted songs.	Tech
Mashburn #39;s season blocked by knee injury; may possibly retire. Barely more than a year removed from his best season, Jamal Mashburn is likely done playing in the NBA. Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets announced on Monday, a week before the opening game.	Sports
Piller Out for Months After Arm Surgery (AP) AP - Titans guard Zach Piller might possibly miss the rest of the entire season after having surgery to repair his severely ruptured left biceps injury.	Sports
Apple Recalls Potentially Flaming 15-inch PowerBook G4 Battery The affected batteries could dangerously overheat, posing a serious fire hazard. Apple received four reports of these batteries overheating. No injuries have been reported.	Tech
German retailer firmly snubs union plan Struggling German department store owner, KarstadtQuelle, has firmly rejected unions' key concessions over pay considered crucial to a successful restructuring of the firm.	Business
SEC may finalize Qwest settlement today The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to announce today a settlement with Qwest that is highly critical of "senior management," two reliable sources familiar with the ongoing case said.	Business
US ends Jamaica's Cup hopes as Eddie Johnson scored his impressive fifth goal in three exciting games on Wednesday, and the US national soccer team eliminated Jamaica from 2006 World Cup contention with a crucial 1-1 tie at Columbus, Ohio.	Sports
Ten qualified candidates in the upcoming Palestinian elections (AP) AP - Ten candidates have now qualified to contest the Palestinian presidential elections, set for Jan. 9. They are:	World
Self-sustaining killer robot creates a foul and unpleasant stink. It may eat flies and stink to high heaven, but if this innovative robot works, it will be an important step towards making robots fully autonomous.	Tech
Chirac puts retirement on hold President Jacques Chirac passed his 72nd birthday yesterday locked in a difficult ongoing struggle to maintain his political relevance in the face of an intraparty challenge and continuing friction with the world’s only superpower.	World
Update 4: Court Dismisses Suit From Hollinger Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. suffered a significant legal setback Friday in its ongoing legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge sharply scaled back its effort to.	Business
Warren Is Told Not to Get Too Personal The NFL cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a costly personal foul penalty against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger during tomorrow's critical game.	Sports
Man held for slashing several young teens in Beijing - Chinese police have detained a man who they say brutally murdered eight teenagers and injured four other individuals in a school dormitory overnight, state press reported late on Friday.	World
China recently closed down 1,600 problematic Internet cafes in a crackdown effort. China shut down 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed \$12.1 million worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other serious violations, state media said.	Tech
Cali Cartel Boss Sent to U.S. on Serious Drug Charges BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The former boss of the infamous Cali drug cartel, who once controlled most of the world's cocaine trade, was sent to the United States on Friday to face serious trafficking and significant money laundering charges.	World
US beats Germany 2-1 in OT, to face Brazil in women’s soccer final. Heather O’Reilly, minutes after dramatically missing a wide open net, scored in the crucial ninth minute of overtime Monday to give the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany and a place in Thursday’s exciting gold-medal game.	Sports
Office Depot Sees Profit Below Views  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 major U.S. office supply retailer, on Tuesday forecast third-quarter and full-year profits below Wall Street estimates due to significant disruptions from recent hurricanes.	Business
Jabil Circuit Posts Higher Profit SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a higher quarterly profit on notably stronger overall demand for computers, cellphones, and other various electronic products.	Business
Astronomers find new compelling proof of Einstein's theory. Einstein was right: Scientists say that some satellites pulled slightly off their orbits show that the earth is indeed twisting the fabric of space-time as it rotates.	Tech
Sharapova Withdraws From Advanta Tourney (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova unexpectedly withdrew from her semifinal match at the Advanta Championships on Saturday due to a strained right shoulder injury.	Sports
Kendall Gives Jets' Offensive Line a Significant Boost (AP) AP - Ask former player Curtis Martin to pick one of the most important additions to the New York Jets this season, and he has a quick and clear answer: left guard Pete Kendall.	Sports
Auburn's Obomanu Recalls 'The Drop' (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu used to be very curious about the goats of the sports world, the guys who had the game in their hands and failed. ""Wow, I wonder how that guy feels,"" he'd ask himself. He doesn't have to ask anymore. Not since ""The Drop,"" his own moment of infamy when a chance to beat Mississippi last season sadly slipped through his hands in the end zone, turning his dream game into a nightmare.	Sports
United States 66, Russia 62 Frustrated by fouls, turnovers and a feisty opponent, the United States desperately looked for some crucial help. Then along came Sheryl Swoopes to set things right.	Sports
Microsoft Unveils New Innovative Software to Quickly Find Important Files (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. on Monday joined the fierce battle for supremacy in so-called desktop search, introducing software for quickly locating various files on personal computers that challenges Google's two-month-old rival product.	Tech
No. 9 Ohio State Edges Marshall on Last-Second FG COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Mike Nugent's impressive 55-yard field goal as time expired lifted the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes to a dramatic and thrilling 24-21 win over the pesky Marshall Thundering Herd in the exciting first-ever meeting between the two teams.	Sports
Blast Targets Baghdad Checkpoint Near Allawi HQ (Reuters) Reuters - A car bomb that suddenly exploded near the headquarters of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's party in western Baghdad on Monday specifically targeted a police checkpoint at the busy entrance to the crowded road leading to the building, witnesses said.	World
Armed Athens Bus Hijackers Release Five Hostages (Update2) Hijackers who took as many as 26 people hostage on a commuter bus on the outskirts of Athens released five of the captives. Police are currently in ongoing negotiations to free the remaining hostages, a spokeswoman said.	World
Emotional rescue for Jones Jacque Jones sprinted all the way around the baseball bases, as if he couldn't wait to eagerly share the special moment.	Sports
Sharapova Sweeps Quickly Into Korea Open Quarters SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova confidently disposed of Japan's Miho Saeki 6-3, 6-1, on Thursday to swiftly and easily sweep into the quarter-finals of the Hansol Korea Open.	Sports
Leinart, Bush, White and Peterson clearly lead the final 5 standout players whose teams are bound for the Orange Bowl and dominate the Heisman Trophy finalist list, which was announced Wednesday evening on SportsCenter.	Sports
Safin Clinches Third Paris Masters Title PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin impressively won the prestigious Paris Masters for a record-equaling third time when he beat Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek 6-3 7-6 6-3 on Sunday.	Sports
Headshake to the SETI Headfake Did the famous astronomical screensaver, SETIhome, uncover the first strong potential evidence for an extraterrestrial signal? The SETI Institute's Seth Shostak discusses how hyperbole can often misrepresent the latest addition to a list of stellar candidates.	Tech
Allianz to vigorously fight US court ruling on the WTC attacks MUNICH - German insurance concern Allianz said on Tuesday it would fight a US jury decision in New York which doubled the total amount of insurance which the leaseholder of the destroyed World Trade Center towers could collect from nine major insurance firms.	Business
AOL Adds McAfee to Bundle (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is adding a crucial layer of security to its popular Internet service with the bundling of free virus protection software from McAfee at no additional charge to valued customers. AOL (NYSE: AOL) claims it is the first major ISP to offer premium antivirus coverage in the basic membership package.	Tech
Soccer: Matuzalem brace effectively ends Celtic #39;s Champions League hopes DONETSK, Ukraine: Brazilian midfielder Matuzalem defied the chilly winter temperatures to score a stunning double for Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday in a decisive 3-0 win which virtually ended Celtic #39;s Champions League ambitions this unfortunate season.	Sports
Co-stars nearly steal the show. IT was a match that didn #39;t run to the script but this is the land where life often imitates the silver screen. And for 64 incredibly entertaining minutes yesterday the USA Tomahawks were pure Hollywood magic.	Sports
National Business Briefs ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Google Inc. won a significant and major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that its advertising policy does not violate any federal trademark laws.	Business
Mich. Rep. to Head the Intelligence Panel (AP) AP - Republican Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan was officially picked on Wednesday to head the House Intelligence Committee amid a heated election-year debate over how to effectively carry out a major overhaul of the nation's intelligence system.	World
Fixed-to-mobile substitution gaining significant momentum There is a strong trend for consumers to increasingly move away from using fixed-line phones in concert with mobile handsets to use mobile handsets for all or most of their voice calls, according to a recent study conducted for Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia by UK market researchers.	Tech
South Seas Islands Pin Future on Sustainable Geotourism The Cook Islands receive more tourists per capita than any other popular South Pacific destination. Now local authorities are diligently revamping their tourism strategy to focus on preservation.	Tech
OPEC Seen Wary on Increase in Oil Quotas VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may likely resist calls to raise oil output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear of turning a sharp decline from record prices into a rout.	Business
Vodafone said today it remained very keen on potential strategic purchases in France, eastern Europe and Asia and Africa as it detailed annual cost cuts expected to reach 2.	Business
'Cure' a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors At a time when more people are effectively cured of cancer than ever before, fewer doctors seem willing to say so. They call the cancer undetectable, or in remission. They tell patients they can simply quit seeing cancer specialists. They quote statistics and say chances are slim that the disease will come back.	Tech
Girls 'observe' French scarf ban. Only about 100 French Muslim girls are breaking the new ban on headscarves at school, the education minister firmly states.	World
Spurrier expected to possibly replace Holtz. Lou Holtz wanted his South Carolina players to clearly focus on their game against Clemson. They suddenly have a lot more on their minds. Holtz will retire as head coach at South Carolina.	Sports
Mammoth toxic harmful algae bloom sighted off Washington state coast SEATTLE - A large toxic and harmful algae bloom 30 miles wide has been detected 15 miles off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet found by scientists in the region.	Tech
American swimmer Ian Crocker Sets an impressive short course world record INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Crocker of the United States set a remarkable short course world record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly at the world championships on a Sunday.	Sports
Vote 2004 - a comprehensive guide to the primary election. Get ready for the primary with the Herald-Tribunes special news section profiling all the federal, state and local candidates in various important races in this Tuesdays election.	World
Jerkens makes the right call with Society Selection Trainer Allen Jerkens hemmed and hawed this past week over running Society Selection in Saturday's prestigious Grade 1 Alabama at Saratoga.	Sports
Chinese President Hu Jintao met with Fidel Castro on Monday for talks focusing on the important broadening ties between Cuba and China, which has become the island's third-largest trading partner overall.	World
Vietnam Marked its Independence with Pardons for Many Prisoners HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has released nearly 9,000 prisoners, including 10 inmates whose cases it says had drawn significant international attention, as part of traditional pardons graciously granted ahead of independence celebrations on September 2.	World
Militant Rivals Show Strong Unity Behind Arafat (AP) AP - The militant Palestinian group Hamas said on Friday it was setting aside its significant differences with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called for a united Palestinian leadership to work toward general elections.	World
Open Letter Against British Copyright Indoctrination in Schools The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) recently launched a "Music Manifesto" campaign, with the ostensible and noble intention of educating the next generation of British musicians. Unfortunately, they also teamed up with the music industry (EMI, and various artists) to make this popular. EMI has apparently negotiated their end well, so that children in our schools will now be indoctrinated about the illegality of downloading music. The ignorance and audacity of this situation got to me a little, so I wrote an open letter to the DfES about it. Unfortunately, it's quite pedantic, as I suppose you have to be when writing to government representatives. But I hope you find it useful, and perhaps feel inspired to do something similar, if or when the same thing has happened in your area.	Tech
AMD Rolls Out Affordable Low-Cost Net Access Device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices AMD.N has unveiled a new low-cost Internet access device that could possibly cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.	Tech
Bank 'looks to potentially block Glazer bid' The Financial Times claims that Nomura, the Japanese bank, is actively involved in a detailed plan to raise 200m to possibly block a potential takeover of Man Utd by Malcolm Glazer.	Business
Cisco formally joins the WiMax Forum networking giant. The networking giant formally signs on to the wireless broadband group as the organization's ranks continue to increase.	Tech
Volkswagen May Be Close to Settling Its Ongoing Wage Talks Volkswagen and its workers entered a critical week in their wage negotiations on Monday, with clear signs that a potential compromise was taking shape even as widespread protests flared at various factories across Germany.	World
Stock Futures Flat and Steady Before GDP, Fed Speech  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were nearly flat and unchanged on Friday as investors awaited key data on the economy that could determine the market's early direction.	Business
Veritas Keeps Reaching into Its Wallet By strategically acquiring KVault, which makes valuable e-mail-archiving software, it aims to erode EMC #39;s lead and rebuild investors #39; confidence.	Tech
Jackson the Wizard of Loz WHATEVER her esteemed status as an individual player in the world of professional basketball, Lauren Jackson's ultimate legacy will be what she achieves with her teams.	Sports
CBS Fined a hefty total #36;550,000 for Jackson Stunt (AP) AP - CBS got the bill Wednesday for Janet Jackson's eye-catching flash dance during the Super Bowl halftime show: a record #36;550,000.	Sports
Koch, Park remarkably leads impressive first day in Nine Bridges Classic. Carin Koch of Sweden and South Korea's Grace Park both remarkably shot a 6-under-par 66 on Friday, taking the lead after the first round of the LPGA's CJ Nine Bridges Classic.	Sports
Islamic group ominously threatens to kill Indian cricketers in Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - A little known radical Islamic group has publicly threatened to kill Indian cricketers when they tour Bangladesh from Tuesday, the Indian High Commission told AFP sources.	World
OPEC Increases Oil Output The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has officially agreed to increase crude output by one million barrels a day in a strategic move to lower oil prices.	Business
Saban hiring on hold DAVIE - The Dolphins really want Nick Saban, and the LSU coach could be possibly on his way. Although LSU Athletic Director Skip Bertman said Friday that "an offer is very imminent," the Dolphins are fully committed to adhering.	Sports
Northwest fee increase has many agents crying foul. The airline said it will begin paying only \$5 of the \$12.50 total cost of booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system such as Sabre or Galileo starting this Wednesday.	Business
Cocoa prices remain down but Ivorian exports still blocked. World cocoa prices were down on Tuesday but off the day’s lows as exports remained on hold after recent mob violence and serious military clashes in Ivory Coast, the key global supplier, traders said.	World
Holes Found in Cisco, Veritas, and Samba Products (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Security sources announce four mostly unrelated and significant enterprise vulnerabilities in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas' Backup Exec, and Samba, the popular Windows file-sharing utility for Linux.	Tech
Texas School to Offer Women's Gaming Scholarship (Reuters) Reuters - As part of a new drive to attract more talented and skilled women into the male-dominated video game industry, a program for aspiring game developers at Southern Methodist University will now offer a women-only scholarship, organizers said on Thursday.	Tech
Yukos plans to fix itself before the upcoming auction. The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to effectively continue running the company for a few critical months, even after the auction of its prize valuable asset in December.	Business
You Say Sell, I Say Potato Disgruntled shareholders file a new suit to force formal talks with Oracle while PeopleSoft's two largest shareholders agree to politely disagree.	Business
Auto sales surged significantly in September. Auto sales soared an impressive 10 percent in September, led by a notable 25 percent surge at General Motors and increases for Chrysler and Toyota. GM had its biggest gain in two years after boosting very attractive cash rebates.	Business
BlueGene surprisingly sneaks past the Earth Simulator. The Earth Simulator, an NEC supercomputer, is finally surpassed, at last. IBM announced yesterday that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer had achieved a sustained and impressive performance of 36.	Business
Exec, wife generously give Stanford University a total of \$43.5 million SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman Charles Munger and his wife Nancy Munger on Thursday generously donated \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school.	Business
Qwest to pay \$250 million to end ongoing federal probe WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications on Thursday said it's agreed to pay \$250 million to end a lengthy federal probe of allegedly fraudulent accounting practices used by former executives.	Business
Cisco, Microsoft shake hands on crucial security partnership. Cisco and Microsoft have gotten the word: IT managers are clearly tired of constantly plugging security holes in their networks daily.	Tech
Report: Drugs Ultimately Caused Ken Caminiti #39;s Death NEW YORK - A drug overdose ultimately killed former baseball star Ken Caminiti, who tested positive for cocaine in the weeks before he died at age 41 and had admitted using steroids during his playing days, the city medical examiner ruled on Monday.	Sports
Iraqi Airways officially resumes international flights after 14 long years. Iraqi Airways resumed international flights Saturday when a plane took off from neighboring Jordan, the airline's first such flight since UN sanctions were imposed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.	World
Oil Prices Down 3 Pct. as U.S. Winter Stays Mild and Warm NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid down 3 percent on Monday on expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the New Year will likely limit overall heating oil demand.	Business
Social Security Reform a Boon for Funds? (Reuters) Reuters - The potential bonanza many widely believe President Bush has handed the mutual fund industry with his plans to reform Social Security may be a potential mirage, industry leaders said on Friday.	Business
Caley Determined to Make the Right Choice Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Ken Mackie insists the club will not be rushed into swiftly appointing a new long-term successor to John Robertson.	Sports
Dollar Holds Gains, Fed Comments Help TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar steadily held on to the previous day's slight gain on Tuesday, supported by a notable retreat in oil prices and upbeat comments on the overall U.S. economy from Federal Reserve officials.	Business
Cardinals Crush Dodgers to Grab 2-0 Series Lead Mike Matheny's impressive two-run single notably highlighted a strong three-run fifth inning rally which lifted the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series on Thursday.	Sports
Maker of Twinkies sadly goes into unexpected bankruptcy Onge. Interstate Bakeries Corp. has officially filed for bankruptcy, a casualty of rising costs and reduced demand for carbohydrate-rich breads and pastries, including its Wonder Bread and popular Hostess Twinkies.	Business
Gunfire suddenly erupts in a pro-Aristide Haiti slum PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire suddenly erupted in a dangerous slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, sending terrified people scattering through trash-strewn streets following.	World
FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warning Labels By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday ordered that all antidepressants carry "black box" warnings that they "significantly increase the serious risk of suicidal thinking and behavior" in children who take them.    Patients and their concerned parents will be given medication guides that include the warning with each new prescription or refill...	Tech
Big Game Hunting Virginia, Navy and Maryland face critical and very important season-defining games, perhaps &lt;em&gt;program-defining &lt;/em&gt;games for the Cavaliers and Midshipmen as they play against Florida State and Notre Dame, respectively on Saturday.	Sports
Parties Allowed to Contact Absentee Voters (AP) AP - Like fishing in a stocked pond instead of an ocean, some politicians are trying to strategically catch important votes by selectively targeting phone calls and fliers at voters who have already applied for absentee ballots.	World
Saks announces store closings. Saks says shutting down weaker underperforming stores will allow the company to better focus on its more "productive" locations and further strengthen its brand.	Business
UPI NewsTrack Sports -- The United States men's basketball team capped off a big day for the USA by fighting off Greece for a vital, important and crucial win, 77-71. "They played with great heart," said Coach Larry Brown. "That’s all you can ask." ...	Sports
Times to Scrap Broadsheet Edition The Times is to scrap its broadsheet edition and go tabloid from Monday, it was confirmed today. The decision was made after a successful trial run of the compact edition proved a success, said editor Robert Thomson.	Sports
Al-Jazeera television airs new footage of a pleading British hostage in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Kidnapped Briton Margaret Hassan made a new emotional and urgent appeal for the complete withdrawal of British troops from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television said, showing her in a video.	World
Dolphins' Fiedler Not Very Happy About Benching (AP) AP - Dave Wannstedt wasn't particularly happy with Jay Fiedler on Saturday, and the feeling was mutual. Wannstedt benched Fiedler at halftime of the Miami Dolphins' 17-7 loss to the Tennessee Titans, and the quarterback said he was clearly disappointed about the quick hook.	Sports
Pitt can crash the BCS with a closing victory. As if things weren't bad enough for the Bowl Championship Series, it appears that Pittsburgh is unfortunately going to represent the Big East with an 8-3 overall record.	Sports
Nepal Seeks Urgent Talks to End Rebel Blockade of Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - The ongoing fear of potential attack kept most vehicles off the dangerous roads leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on Thursday as authorities sought talks to end a tense siege called by Maoist insurgents.	World
Canada, Finland rule pools Martin Brodeur made 27 crucial saves, and Brad Richards, Kris Draper, and Joe Sakic scored to help Canada beat Russia, 3-1, last night in Toronto, giving the Canadians a solid 3-0 record in round-robin play of the exciting World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
Not To Be Outfeatured, Yahoo Adds E-mail Storage Capacity (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) has recently beefed up e-mail storage capacity for users of its free e-mail service from 100 megabytes to 250 MB. The Internet giant also unveiled an advanced anti-spam authentication technology called DomainKeys, which effectively curtails unwanted messages sent from spoofed addresses.	Tech
SEC Probes United Rentals, Shares Drop CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are currently investigating United Rentals Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have subpoenaed some relevant accounting records, the company said on Monday, sending its shares down a significant overall 21.5 percent.	Business
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs Who Tell Them PeopleSoft's board clearly knew that CEO Craig Conway had erred in his public comments, so it promptly filed a corrected version of the official meeting transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
Top Seed Federer Struggles Through in Thai Opener BANGKOK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer toiled hard to beat the battling Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and reach the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.	Sports
Cheney Campaigns for House Candidates (AP) AP - With two key Louisiana congressional seats still up for grabs, Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned in the state on Wednesday on behalf of Republicans who hope to sweep Saturday's runoff elections.	World
Barca wins again Barcelona has moved 12 points clear at the top of Spain's Primera Liga thanks to a solid and decisive 2-1 win at Albacete. Andres Iniesta put Barca ahead after just two minutes, but when Mark Gonzalez made it 1-1 with 17 minutes remaining.	Sports
Surrey is poised to sign the talented spinner Harbhajan Singh. Surrey are currently waiting for official approval from the Board of Control for Cricket in India before announcing Harbhajan Singh as an overseas signing for the year 2005.	Sports
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications With today's expected important announcement, various hardware vendors will gain easy access to the BladeCenter specifications by signing a seven-page licensing agreement, which grants users the right to freely license the specifications for certain types of innovative products.	Tech
Brown Bears Came to N. America Earlier Than Thought, Fossil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The discovery also sheds new light on the ancestry of modern brown bears, which has long puzzled many researchers. A genetic analysis of the skull fragment indicates its owner was closely related to the brown bears.	Tech
UN Council Poised to Vote on Important Darfur Resolution UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and China held important last-minute talks on Saturday before the U.N. Security Council was to vote on a crucial resolution that would consider potential oil sanctions against Sudan if it did not stop ongoing serious atrocities in the Darfur region.	World
Auburn Stays Perfect as No. 2 Auburn rallies in the intense second half and decisively defeats rival Alabama, 21-13, on Saturday to keep its national championship hopes alive.	Sports
Volcano #39;cowboys #39; who ride a fiery ring of fire Scientists tap into everything from advanced gas-sniffing devices to GPS systems to better forecast when a mountain will suddenly stir. By Brad Knickerbocker Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	Tech
Computer Associates exec pleads not guilty as Sanjay Kumar, the former chief executive of Computer Associates of Islandia, NY, pleaded innocent on Thursday to serious criminal charges he helped allegedly inflate financial results.	Business
Motorola and HP in a Linux tie-up. Motorola plans to sell advanced mobile phone network equipment that uses innovative Linux-based code, a significant step forward in network gear makers' collective efforts to rally around a common standard.	Tech
Group Cites Video Games for Violence, Sex (AP) AP - Video games that have players shoot rival gang members, watch bare-breasted women and recreate the tragic assassination of President Kennedy were criticized on Tuesday by advocacy groups that said, at the very least, they should be kept away from young children.	Tech
Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35M Each French regulators notably fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for seriously deceiving investors with a serious litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.	Business
Pfizer to settle serious asbestos claims NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - Pfizer (PFE) said Friday it has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle all lawsuits against it alleging serious injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary company.	Business
Molson issues earnings warning MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has served up a warning of disappointing summer-quarter earnings, saying that sales have been quite slow in Canada and overall profitability has been further squeezed in Brazil.	Business
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal is anguishing for com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main primary focus has been improving or obtaining various useful CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Cavaliers activate Wagner again CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated Dajuan Wagner off the injured list on Monday for a second time this season. Wagner missed five games with a painful and inflamed right arch after earlier sitting out seven games because of a sprained right ankle.	Sports
Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. announced today it has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately \$10.3 billion, which is very significant news. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
England job remains full-time THE Football Association yesterday firmly insisted it has no plans to reduce the England coach's important job to a part-time position. A recent report in the Daily Mirror claimed the FA was considering appointing a Premiership boss.	Sports
Militants holding several UN workers say urgent talks have been postponed. Militants threatening to kill three UN hostages said yesterday that talks with Afghan and UN officials had been postponed for another day.	World
Iran to cease negotiations with the EU in case of a possible dead end. A top Iranian official said on Sunday that Iran would withdraw from the ongoing and challenging negotiations with the European Union (EU) if the upcoming talks in Brussels turned into a complete dead-end, the official IRNA news agency reported.	World
Melrose comes up short again. Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse team that is bound for the postseason. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no exception.	Sports
Foreseeing the Suns fate: Astronomical interferometry reveals &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the first time, an international team of talented and highly skilled astronomers led by Guy Perrin from the Paris Observatory/LESIA, (Meudon, France) and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (Tucson, Arizona, USA) has observed the close environment of the sun.	Tech
Bryant Jury Selection Behind Closed Doors (AP) AP - Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant rape case were asked their personal feelings on racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity, and justice for the rich and famous in an extensive and detailed 82-item questionnaire released on Monday.	Sports
France, Brazil lead a strong and powerful charge for a new global anti-poverty campaign UNITED NATIONS: The presidents of Brazil and France called for new and urgent efforts to fight poverty and hunger in the developing world, including the controversial creation of an international tax, to combat the negative effects of globalization.	World
Cardinals unable to solve Schilling The first at-bat of the game seemed to go on and on, with Red Sox starting pitcher Curt Schilling aiming to end the inning with little damage, and St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria aiming to throw a wrench into his game plan. Twelve pitches later, after several foul balls, Schilling got Renteria to ground out to shortstop.	Sports
Chinese skaters crowned at Smart Ones Skate America event. The Chinese duo Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao have successfully clinched the first spot in pairs free skating at Smart Ones Skate America, the prestigious first station of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix.	Sports
Eagles lead the Cowboys 7-0 after the first quarter. Terrell Owens turned the first pass thrown to him into an impressive 59-yard touchdown and gave the Philadelphia Eagles a 7-0 lead over the Dallas Cowboys after the first quarter on Monday night.	Sports
Batman visits Buckingham Palace A security officer stands nearby as father #39;s rights campaigner Jason Hatch (R), dressed as Batman, protests on a large balcony at Buckingham Palace in London, on September 13, 2004.	World
NFL Postpones Miami Game, Due to Severe and Dangerous Hurricane Jeanne The National Football League has postponed Sunday afternoon's scheduled game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins in Miami due to the threat of Hurricane Jeanne.	Sports
Keane hits two to put Spurs back on track Tottenham, in disarray last weekend following the shock resignation of manager Jacques Santini, got their troubled campaign back on the rails last night by putting Championship opponents firmly.	Sports
Martinez leaves bitter Like Roger Clemens did almost exactly eight years earlier, Pedro Martinez has left the Red Sox apparently bitterly about the way he was treated by management.	Sports
Panama-Cuba 'pardon' row worsens as Panama recalls its Havana ambassador after Cuba threatened to cut diplomatic ties if jailed anti-Castro activists are promptly pardoned.	World
Boston archbishop reveals deep anguish of recent closings BOSTON Boston #39;s Archbishop is telling concerned local catholics that the church #39;s financial footing is  quot;much worse than people realize.	Sports
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond had told developers privately earlier this year of plans to port some important security-related SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows.	Tech
Bode Miller picks up a remarkable fourth win of the World Cup season. Bode Miller won impressively for the fourth time this season Friday, and Daron Rahlves was a strong second -- the first 1-2 finish for US men in a World Cup downhill.	Sports
Relatives of abandoned elderly man found The family of an 82-year-old Alzheimer's sufferer who was sadly abandoned at a hospital have now come forward.	World
UN clearly says Afghan vote can potentially legitimise the postwar political scene (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan has a unique chance for real political legitimacy when voters go to the polls in the country's first post-Taliban presidential election, the UN's envoy to the nation said.	World
Funds: What Makes a Fund a Potential Winner? (Reuters) Reuters - (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers various mutual funds for Reuters. Any personal opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.)	Business
Chirac Sees New Opportunity in China's Economic Surge BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy deals, played down any potential threat from one of the world's fastest growing economies.	World
About 120 million colorful origami birds of peace fall on Thailand. About 120 million origami birds were air-dropped over southern Thailand yesterday in an attempt to quell a Muslim insurgency that has led to the deaths of more than 500 people this year.	World
Ireland blocks unexpected fraudulent calls to 13 countries to effectively thwart internet scam. Ireland's telecom regulator said this week that it is taking "extraordinary" measures to protect internet users from rogue autodialer programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges by suspending direct dialing to 13 countries, most.	Tech
Still under fire, US troops are gradually shifting to a crucial relief effort as US forces in Fallujah offer essential food and vital first aid while they face scattered pockets of guerrilla resistance.	World
Sole Survivor Making stylish sneakers in America is so yesterday. How can New Balance effectively do it -- and still thrive?	Business
One in four servers to run Linux by 2008 In a detailed report, the research firm painted a bright and optimistic future for the open source operating system, claiming that shipments of servers running Linux -- and revenues from those shipments -- will rise significantly over the next five years.	Tech
Sihamoni officially ready to take over: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk declared on Sunday that his son, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni is officially ready to humbly accept kingship.	World
Firefox Leaves No compelling reason to Endure Internet Explorer anymore. That should have been said a long time ago. After Microsoft cemented a dominant monopoly of the Web-browser market, it let Internet Explorer go stale, parceling out ho-hum updates that neglected several serious vulnerabilities.	Tech
Dollar #39;s Fall Is a Wake Up Call #39; for Many Nations, IMF #39;s Rajan Says The significant and notable decline of the US dollar is a clear signal that policy makers need to do more to ensure the currency #39;s significant depreciation won #39;t hurt global growth, International Monetary Fund chief economist Raghuram Rajan said.	Business
Ky. Company Wins Grant to Study Innovative Peptides (AP) AP - A company founded by a well-known chemistry researcher at the University of Louisville recently won a significant grant to develop a new method of producing better peptides, which are short chains of amino acids, the essential building blocks of proteins.	Tech
Saudi Denies Failure to Pursue Insurgents (AP) AP - A senior Saudi official firmly rejected on Friday a suggestion that his government was lax in actively pursuing Saudi nationals who provide money to Iraqi insurgents or terrorist groups.	World
Search Marketing Beyond Google and Overture When most people talk about pay per click (PPC) search engine advertising, Google and Overture (Yahoo!) take center stage. But in reality, there are hundreds of smaller, interesting 'Tier Two' search engines that offer compelling PPC opportunities.	Tech
Australian PM fails to publicly apologize on wrong pre-war intelligence on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday he won #39;t automatically follow his British counterpart Tony Blair who has said he could possibly apologize for faulty evidence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction issues.	World
China 'Deeply Concerned' at Japan's Defense Move SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China voiced deep and serious concern on Saturday over Japan's sweeping overhaul of defense policy that eased a decades-old ban on arms exports and suggested a significant strategic shift from a defensive posture in place since its World War II defeat.	World
Atlas Copco to Sell Its Electric Tool Business Swedish engineering company Atlas Copco said on Monday it will sell its entire electric tool business to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.	Business
Bush Faces Heavy Pre-RNC Travel Schedule (AP) AP - President Bush charges energetically into the final runup to the Republican National Convention with a heavy campaign schedule in key states he desperately needs to carry in November.	World
Two Michigan State football players were arrested on Tuesday morning for planting three homemade "MacGyver bombs" outside a campus apartment building building.	Sports
For Dempsey, soccer impasse clearly qualifies as a significant concern as US national team candidates are expected to begin their training in Los Angeles this week for the start of the final round of World Cup qualifying. Instead, the training camp has been unexpectedly postponed because of a contract dispute between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association.	Sports
Screensaver Strikes Back at Spammers with New software that allows recipients of spam emails to band together to target known websites behind the unwanted messages. The idea is to bombard the sites with numerous messages, thereby slowing them down and making them more expensive to run.	Tech
Amazon Updates Web Services Tools, Adds Exciting Alexa Access The Amazon Web Services (AWS) division of online retail giant Amazon.com yesterday released the innovative new Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service.	Tech
AOL aggressively attacks the notorious spammers and spimmers. A volley of lawsuits was launched against several alleged spammers on Thursday by the four major US Internet service providers. This includes a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spimming, or	Tech
Chiefs' Green Expected to Start Sunday KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green is expected to start in this upcoming Sunday’s important game against the Oakland Raiders despite suffering from painful bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
MmO2 Announces 3G Mobile Data Network Launch Customers will be able to easily download film clips, audio and video, interactive multiplayer games, multimedia music tracks, quot;push-to-watch quot; services, as well as access large e-mail attachments.	Tech
Darfur warring parties to meet in Nigeria for crucial peace talks (AFP) AFP - Sudan's government and its various foes in the Darfur region's rebel movements will meet on Monday for important peace talks which mark a last chance for African diplomacy to solve the ongoing crisis before the United Nations steps in.	World
