Conversion Rates Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Results Conversion Rates Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Results\\In a discussion over at Cre8asite Forums titled Organic vs Paid traffic ROI?, there is a dialogue taking place regarding the differing conversion rates and ROI noted between pay per click traffic (paid traffic) and organic traffic (free traffic). I have ...	Tech
GOP Intensifies Criticism As Convention Begins NEW YORK (AP) -- Senator John McCain stated on Monday that it was appropriate to attack Democrat John Kerry's anti-war demonstrations from thirty years ago, launching an initial strike as Republicans at their national convention aimed to depict President Bush as a robust leader during wartime.	World
LG Electronics has introduced the planet's first mobile phone capable of receiving terrestrial digital multimedia broadcasts and showcased its features.	Tech
Iraq Mortar Assault Claims 25 Lives, Sistani Heads to Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A mortar assault on a crowded mosque in the town of Kufa on Thursday resulted in the deaths of at least 25 individuals as Iraq's most prominent Shi'ite cleric made his way to the nearby sacred city of Najaf to attempt to address a violent insurrection that has continued for three weeks.	World
CASEY REMARKS NOT #39;INTELLIGENT #39; - VERPLANK The reaction to the anti-American remarks made by Ryder Cup competitor Paul Casey has commenced - and is expected to intensify in the upcoming months.	Sports
Sir Richard mentioned yesterday that Melbourne is on his wish list, with potential flights to London possibly via Hong Kong or Bangkok. The British billionaire arrived in Sydney yesterday on Virgin Atlantic's first Australian flight.	Business
Montgomerie, Woods, Furyk Deadlocked at Target (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie was excited to receive an invitation from Tiger Woods to participate in his end-of-year tournament alongside 15 of the top golfers. What made it even better was equaling Woods' score.	Sports
Oracle Revamps Sales-Centric Applications for CRM Suite (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has restructured its sales-driven CRM applications in version 11i.10 of its software for sales, marketing, partner relationship management, and e-commerce.	Tech
In collaboration with Swatch, Microsoft is set to unveil a fresh series of smartwatches that utilize the software giant's MSN Direct wireless content distribution technology.	Tech
Shares in Singapore closed lower on Monday, impacted by third-quarter economic data that fell short of expectations, contributing to persistent worries over elevated oil prices and weakness in Wall Street.	Business
Bedding Hiccup? Drift Back to Dreamland This is getting monotonous. Each time the Hidden Gems opt for Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS), it gets cozy and readies itself for a prolonged night of rest brimming with hopes for two-times-in-three-years capital appreciation, along	Business
Silvestre's two goals aided Man. United in defeating Liverpool. Silvestre emerged as the hero for Man. United, scoring twice to secure a 2-1 win against Liverpool for the home team while all attention was focused on Rio Ferdinand's return after an eight-match suspension on Monday.	Sports
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm started in 1985 in a rather ordinary manner -- in the den of founder Irwin Jacobs. The area was compact and cluttered. The founding team comprised seven individuals, who were passionate yet understated.	Tech
SMART-1 has entered into lunar orbit. The SMART-1 spacecraft has successfully achieved lunar orbit, signifying a historic milestone as the first European mission to reach this accomplishment. Professor David Southwood, the science director for the European Space Agency (ESA), remarked: "Europe	Tech
Jameel McCline had a tendency to reach out to heavyweight champion Chris Byrd, his close friend, each time he learned about an upcoming fight to get Byrd's perspective and talk about strategy.	Sports
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will host a summit in Madrid with French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, focusing on the ratification of an EU constitution and the issue of terrorism.	World
The most remarkable observation so far of Saturn's largest moon Researchers utilizing the cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft, currently in orbit around Saturn, have recently captured two remarkable, contrasting images of the planet's most fascinating moons.	Tech
Exceptional Putting Earns Europe a 2 - 0 Lead in the Ryder Cup Motivated by an impressive putting performance, reigning champions Europe claimed the initial two points in the first fourball matches against the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday.	Sports
Losing the Fight Against Terrorism "Sven Jaschan, who has admitted to being the developer of the Netsky and Sasser viruses, is accountable for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a six-month virus report published on Wednesday by the antivirus firm Sophos." "The 18-year-old Jaschan was detained in Germany in May by officials who claimed he confessed to creating both the Netsky and Sasser worms, a statement that experts at Microsoft confirmed. (A Microsoft antivirus reward program played a role in the teenager's arrest.) In the five months preceding Jaschan's capture, there were at least 25 variations of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm Sasser." "Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, remarked that it was remarkable ...	Tech
IBM integrates G5 into a Linux server The eServer OpenPower 720 targets the entry-level segment for 64-bit Linux-oriented servers and operates on several configurations of what IBM refers to as the Power5 at frequencies of 1.5 and 1.65GHz.	Tech
The United States begins a renewed attack on the Taliban. The coalition of military forces led by the US in Afghanistan has commenced a major offensive against fighters linked to the ousted Taliban administration in an attempt to avert any interference with the parliamentary elections planned for the upcoming spring.	World
Iraq cleric 'to conclude Najaf insurrection' Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr allegedly consents to cease a rebellion in the sacred Iraqi city of Najaf.	World
HP shifts focus for HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has dropped its plans to enhance its HP-UX operating system with the sophisticated high availability and clustering technology it acquired in its 2002 acquisition of Compaq. The company will instead redirect its development focus toward new areas, as it aims to convince customers that there remains vitality in its long-established Unix operating system.	Tech
The reason 2004 was deemed the year of the blog is that a dictionary publisher in the US declares ""blog"" as one of the words of the year.	World
Sparkle begins distributing the GeForce 6600 GT AGP &lt;a href=""http://www.hardwareanalysis.com/content/article/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP, is it really the best?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardware Analysis&lt;/nobr&gt;	Tech
Casino proprietors collaborate in Macao MACAO Publishing & Broadcasting announced on Tuesday that it had acquired a share in Stanley Ho's newest gaming venture in Macao as Asia's top two casino operators join forces to grow in the area.	Business
Peru Initiates Assault to Regain Encircled Town LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - On Monday, Peruvian officials commenced an offensive to reclaim a police station and terminate a three-day siege by ex-soldiers in a southern Andean locality.	World
CVS Corp., a pharmacy chain, announced on Thursday that it will introduce the world's first disposable digital camera featuring a vibrant color viewing screen, enabling customers to immediately preview their photos.	Tech
Owen's fitness is crucial; Michael Owen will have one final opportunity to demonstrate his fitness - and potentially influence the formation England will use against Wales on Saturday.	Sports
Toys Are Just Toys Believe me, you really don’t want to witness anxious parents shopping during the holiday season. I visited Circuit City (NYSE: CC) last week and observed a mother begging a sales associate for a Nintendo DS portable gaming console.	Tech
The United Nations, via its International Open Source Network (IOSN), is set to host the inaugural Software Freedom Day on Saturday, aiming to inform Asian users about the advantages of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) and promote its broader adoption in the area.	Tech
IBM is set to launch a Web meeting service, targeting WebEx. The upcoming Lotus Web Conferencing Service from IBM, anticipated to be available next month, necessitates that users merely create an account and possess an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a phone.	Tech
Broadband Companies Observe Philadelphia's Intentions To Provide Citywide Wi-Fi (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - In light of Philadelphia's recent suggestion to set up a citywide broadband wireless network, will there be a sense of brotherly love between the city and its broadband service companies?	Tech
Citrix is acquiring Net6, a privately-owned developer of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) VPN (Virtual Private Network) technology, for \$50 million in cash, Citrix announced on Tuesday.	Tech
Chirac Recognizes Potential in China's Economic Boom BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac stated on Saturday that France was a logical trade ally to China and, in the midst of numerous air, rail, and energy agreements, minimized any danger from one of the globe's rapidly expanding economies.	World
In 2004, China's total trade volume is projected to hit \$1.1 trillion, marking a 30 percent increase from 2003, with an estimated trade surplus of around 10 billion US dollars, according to Assistant Minister of Commerce Yi Xiaozhun.	Business
French Athletes Claim Gold and Bronze in Individual Kayaking ATHENS, Greece - Winning on whitewater courses is a customary feat for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, but securing an Olympic gold is an unprecedented accomplishment. Peschier skillfully navigated his solo kayak with intensity and avoided penalties during both his semifinal and final performances on the man-made Olympic ...	Sports
Arafat to pursue medical care in France RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is preparing to depart from his compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two helicopters from Jordan were anticipated to land in Ramallah late Thursday.	World
Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; plans to eliminate approximately 4,400 positions, representing 12 percent of its workforce, and shut down nearly one-third of its manufacturing facilities as part of a restructuring effort, the consumer products firm announced on Tuesday.	Business
India needs to acknowledge global realities: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has replied to the Left's criticism regarding his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush by stating that India has to acknowledge international realities.	World
Conference errors in top rankings ATLANTA - Tommy Tuberville doesn't care much for computers and formulas to determine who should vie for college football's national championship.	Sports
Tennis: Roddick and Williams knocked out ATHENS Shocked Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams joined the previously eliminated men’s top seed Roger Federer in the favorites’ exit from the Olympic tennis tournament on Wednesday.	Sports
Atlanta law enforcement apprehends Braves athlete for DUI offense ATLANTA - A player from the Atlanta Braves is currently in custody at the Atlanta Jail after being taken into custody on a driving under the influence charge. Officers from the DUI Task Force detained shortstop Rafael Furcal around 4:20 am.	Sports
NASA plans to restart shuttle missions. The U.S. space agency NASA announced that the inaugural space shuttle mission following the Columbia tragedy of 2003 is scheduled for launch next May or early June.	Tech
Jury Permitted to Learn About Kobe Accuser's Sexual Past (AP) AP - On Monday, prosecutors experienced another setback in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, as they were unsuccessful in their last attempt to stop the NBA star's lawyers from revealing information to jurors regarding the alleged victim's sexual history.	Sports
Challenging Day for Drug Companies - and Patients LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in the pharmaceutical sector encountered a trifecta of setbacks on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc, and Eli Lilly and Co all caught the market off guard with negative announcements about crucial products.	Business
Mice that run long distances may have significant impacts on obesity. A molecular switch that is recognized for controlling fat metabolism seems to stop obesity and transforms lab mice into marathon runners, according to research conducted by the Salk Institute.	Tech
CRICKET: Kasprowicz has put selectors in a tough spot MICHAEL Kasprowicz has placed national selectors in a challenging position with a five-wicket haul that has boosted Australia's chances of capturing their first Champions Trophy in London this month.	Sports
Erratic supporter interrupts Weir #39;s round IN an unwelcome recurrence of the Athens Games marathon debacle, Mike Weir was seized by a fan while he was heading to the 11th tee during the final round of the Canadian Open on Sunday.	Sports
Kremlin dismisses call for public investigation into Beslan LONDON Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed the idea of a public investigation into the Beslan school siege and expressed annoyance towards those who believe he should engage in talks with Chechen insurgents, as reported by two British newspapers on Tuesday.	World
Human Gene Total Falls Under 25,000 A new report from the international group of laboratories that sequenced the human genome has notably reduced the estimated number of human genes.	Tech
Ancient Indian Gold Coin Anticipated to Sell for £15,000 (Reuters) Reuters - A gold coin from India, nearly 1,900 years old and featuring one of the earliest representations of Buddha, is set to be auctioned, with estimates suggesting it could fetch up to 27,000 pounds (£15,000).	Tech
DATA VIEW: HK Exports Decelerate in July, Yet Momentum Remains HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong's export growth tapered slightly in July, as anticipated, but still persisted at double-digit rates due to substantial trade volume with mainland China.	Business
$78,000 for a Cane That Aided a Legend in Walking the Line Numerous items owned by Johnny Cash were auctioned at Sotheby's, raising $3,984,260 for the Cash family, which is over twice the initial auction estimate.	World
UK cannot detain suspects indefinitely (OfficialWire) -- 12/16/04 -- The United Kingdom’s highest court ruled on Thursday that it is illegal for the government to imprison terror suspects without a trial for an unlimited period.	World
Game is afoot as Sony places a 100 price tag on the PSP console. SONY is going up against Nintendo in the competition for the handheld gaming console market. The company will set the price of its highly anticipated PlayStation Portable (PSP) at around 100 for its debut in Japan, when	Tech
Japanese Utility Intends to Go Public in October (AP) AP - Electric Power Development Co., a once state-operated utility, announced on Friday that it aims to conduct an initial public offering on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October, a transaction that might be the largest new stock listing in the nation in six years.	World
On Tuesday, China expressed its worries regarding the evident stagnation in the six-party talks related to North Korea's nuclear armament program, linking the issue to the lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
Avaya has decided to purchase the German IP telephony company, U.S. telecommunications equipment manufacturer Avaya Inc. expanded its footprint in Europe by approximately \$635 million on Tuesday, consenting to acquire German enterprise communication provider Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Indian-Americans praise Manmohan's address New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Attendees from the Indian-American community at a public gathering featuring Prime Minister Manmohan Singh appreciated his remarks and conveyed optimism that India would soon achieve developed economy status.	World
Preventing Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy in Cosmetic Products Since the emergence of bovine spongiform encephalopathy in the United States at the close of last year, linked to a cow brought in from Canada, federal authorities have implemented regulations to halt the dissemination of this deadly illness, concentrating on restricting beef imports, performing tests, and various actions to safeguard the local cattle herd.	Business
Rebels from Sudan and AU representatives met with Darfur's rebel leaders for initial discussions with African Union mediators in Abuja on Friday, prior to the upcoming round of peace talks regarding the crisis in the western region of Sudan.	World
On Wednesday, the World Trade Organization postponed its decision on imposing major penalties on US exports - including items like cod and mobile homes - aimed at penalizing Washington until it repeals the Byrd amendment.	Business
Musharraf Optimistic About Kashmir Resolution ISLAMABAD, Pakistan: Nov 10 (SADA) - President General Pervez Musharraf expressed his optimism on Tuesday that the talks regarding the options he recently suggested concerning the Kashmir issue would move Pakistan and India closer to resolving the long-standing conflict.	World
Top teams rebound in World Cup soccer qualifiers LONDON: Following a varied set of outcomes during the weekend's soccer qualifiers, Europe's prominent nations demonstrated their dominance this morning, with France, England, and Italy all securing away victories.	Sports
Freddie #39;s goal fury DISAPPOINTED Freddie Ljungberg states that Arsenal needs to cease conceding foolish goals or they will endure yet another season of European disappointment. The unhappy Swede believes the Gunners have already squandered a prime chance.	Sports
Baseball enthusiasts in the nation's capital were eagerly anticipating official confirmation on Wednesday that the financially troubled Montreal Expos would move to the city for the 2005 season.	Sports
Schwarzenegger Endorses 'Foie Gras' Law (AP) AP - California will ban the force-feeding of ducks, geese, and other avian species to produce the delicacy foie gras by 2012 after the bill was signed on Wednesday by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Tech
Microsoft and Dell Secure Agreement with Air Force Microsoft Corp. announced on Friday that in collaboration with Dell Inc., it will supply the Air Force with software and associated support services to streamline the procurement process in a contract valued at as much as $500 million over a period of six years.	Tech
Football: UK debut of Brazilian star Socrates The Brazilian football legend Socrates is set to make his initial appearance for non-league Garforth Town this Saturday.	World
U.S.-Australia Swimming Rivalry Poised to Intensify INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The competition between the U.S. and Australia is poised to intensify at the short course world championships, with the majority of the five finals later Sunday showcasing direct confrontations between the two swimming giants.	Sports
#39;Thankful #39; Kabul captives anticipate resuming their jobs Three UN election personnel who were released yesterday nearly a month after being taken hostage in Afghanistan expressed their appreciation to the Afghan community for their support throughout their ordeal.	World
IT firms face a loyalty challenge, with Cisco, IBM, Microsoft, and SAP being identified as having the most devoted customers in the IT sector, based on a report published today. Their status as some of the largest and most successful IT suppliers contributes to this finding.	Tech
Intuit deepens its involvement in IT, revamps Quicken. The software firm integrates a network management application. It also updates its Quicken personal finance software.	Tech
Change Your Computer, or Your Commander The creator of advertisements showcasing PC users who transitioned to Macs is using the same strategy for political ads. This time, he will concentrate on former supporters of President Bush, gathered online, who have altered their political loyalty. By Louise Witt.	Tech
A significant merger might constrain Qwest. Qwest Communications may not see immediate impacts from the Sprint-Nextel merger; however, its choices might become more restricted. Previously, Qwest and Sprint were considered potential partners for a merger.	Business
The Development League Major League Soccer intends to launch a new league aimed at nurturing young talent, as part of its decade-long sponsorship agreement with Adidas.	Sports
Low-Cost Carrier Requests Bankruptcy Safeguards Due to Overcapacity, Increasing Fuel Costs, and Falling Ticket Prices, ATA Holdings Corp., the parent company of the low-cost airline ATA Airlines, announced that it has filed for bankruptcy.	Business
It requires 6 Gators to equal Bowden. Numerous methods exist to assess Bobby Bowden's remarkable tenure as Florida State's football coach. For instance, there are the 277 of his Division IA record 350 victories noted here, which is	Sports
Microsoft Concludes Another Antitrust Agreement The technology behemoth reaches a deal with Novell and the CCIA, bringing an end to years of legal disputes.	Tech
Fujitsu is set to reveal servers based on Nocona Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. on Wednesday intends to introduce enhancements to the company's Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers that will incorporate the 64-bit capable version of the Xeon processor, known as Nocona.	Tech
Apple's iTunes Store Pricing Differs Apple Computer (NASDAQ: AAPL) has recently unveiled its Apple iTunes Store in Canada. However, can a website truly be considered a store if the company seems to be simply applying various charges across different nations?	Tech
Nikkei Reaches Lowest Closing Level in Two Weeks TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average declined for a third consecutive session, reaching a two-week closing low on Friday as revived concerns over earnings triggered selling in Tokyo Electron Ltd., Sony Corp., and other technology stocks.	Business
The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is up for sale, and its stunning vistas of the Charles River could soon be owned rather than being rented on a nightly basis.	Business
Stocks on a downturn According to the FTSE World Index, Japan has surpassed other significant markets with a 6 percent increase in dollar terms, whereas Germany, which fell by 7.7 percent, was the poorest performer.	Business
Germans Test Nokia Phones for Wireless Ticketing The well-known mobile manufacturer Nokia announced on Tuesday that its phones will be utilized in a trial to evaluate wireless public transportation fees in Hanau, located near Frankfurt in Germany, starting early next year.	Tech
Epson's Photo Fine technology ensures bright, sharp colors on digital camera LCD displays for more vivid previews of your images.	Tech
IBM is allegedly negotiating the sale of its personal computer division. This would signify the conclusion of an era for the company that introduced computers to the mainstream market when it started marketing its desktop PCs to businesses and individuals in 1981.	Business
Oil Prices Fall on Signs of Economic Pressure NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell sharply after hitting record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday as traders secured profits in light of signs that increasing energy prices are affecting economic growth.	Business
Militants in Iraq executed UK hostage Kenneth Bigley, as a video viewed by Reuters revealed on Friday, three weeks after his abduction to push for the release of women detained by U.S.-led forces.	World
GAME NOTES: The 24th-ranked Memphis Tigers and the fifth-ranked &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Orange are set to compete in the final game of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic. The Orange secured a significant 71-58 victory over the 12th-ranked.	Sports
Officials at both the state and local levels reported on Tuesday that nine individuals have lost their lives in Florida due to Hurricane Frances. The subsequent details outline those fatalities: - A 15-year-old grandson and an ex-son.	Sports
Kansas Has Chance for Vengeance Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks have an opportunity to atone for one of their most frustrating losses from last season on Monday when they welcome the Wolf Pack at Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
IBM secures passwords using a PC chip. New computers will come equipped with a chip intended to prevent hacking—a hardware method that is claimed to be more secure than software.	Tech
Boeing striving to maintain pace Aircraft manufacturer looks for purchasers for new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seattle -- The production line at Boeing Co.'s vast Everett facility nearby is engineered to keep operating continuously, if nearly unnoticeably, as employees hustle over the gleaming frames of skeletal Boeing 777s, adding finishing touches.	Business
Kerry Vows to Speak Honestly as President (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday described the Republican convention as "cruel and demeaning" and vowed to be a U.S. president who would convey the truth to the American populace.	World
Research: Resurgence of Wolves Alters Ecosystem (AP) AP - Researchers examining the wider impacts of reintroducing wolves have indicated that an increasing amount of evidence implies that the elimination of predators like wolves and grizzly bears over the past century initiated a series of effects that disrupted ecosystem stability.	Tech
David Dubois contributed a game-high 17 points, leading Maine to a 58-52 win against Dartmouth last night in Hanover, N.H.	Sports
Iran promises to cease nuclear operations. The leader of Iran's nuclear energy agency stated that activities would be suspended at two nuclear sites located in the central cities of Isfahan and Natanz.	World
Ford emphasizes its dedication to motorsport. Even after confirming the successful sale of both Jaguar Racing and its Cosworth engine division to new proprietors, Ford Motor Company has highlighted that it continues to be committed to supporting motorsport across all levels.	Sports
Federer pleased to come back Roger Federer still seems invincible after he exhibited no indications of a torn thigh muscle while overcoming Argentina's Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the first match of the ATP Masters Cup held in Houston.	Sports
Wenger Spares Embarrassed Lehmann Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann was left embarrassed in Athens as two expensive errors caused a Champions League win to elude his team's grasp once more.	Sports
Earnhardt: Accept cash, not points Dale Earnhardt Jr. is urging NASCAR to revise its penalties for cursing during television and radio broadcasts before another driver makes a similar verbal mistake.	Sports
Two soldiers from Turkey were reported dead after their vehicle struck a land mine in southeastern Turkey, and a minor oil pipeline suffered damage due to a bomb in two separate incidents on Sunday attributed to Kurdish rebels, according to the Anatolia news agency.	World
England's first Rugby World Cup win last year generated earnings of 13.5 million pounds ($29.8 million Cdn) even with the revenue decline caused by a lack of home matches.	Sports
Jacques Villeneuve is testing for Renault today at Silverstone, which has sparked some expected speculation that this could alter the dynamics for the upcoming season when Giancarlo Fisichella is set to team up with Fernando Alonso at Renault F1.	Sports
Mosley Fails to Evade Winky's Jab Las Vegas, NV: You must commend Sugar Shane Mosley. For the second occasion in his career, the ex-world champion bravely attempted to overturn a complete thrashing by diving straight into an instant rematch.	Sports
Shares of the UK department store chain House of Fraser have risen following the company's announcement that it had cut half-year losses and was witnessing robust sales growth.	Business
Madrid Bombing Victims Condemn 'Childish Politics'  MADRID (Reuters) - Survivors of the Madrid train bomb attacks delivered a sharp criticism to politicians for attempting to benefit from the catastrophe that claimed 191 lives, bringing a sense of humility to a previously noisy parliamentary inquiry.	World
Philippines expresses profound condolences for those who perished in the Russian school siege. On Saturday, the Philippines conveyed its "deepest sympathy" to the families of the victims from the Russian school siege that occurred on Friday, resulting in the deaths of 322 individuals when Russian forces launched an assault.	Tech
Jug partially filled: Gophers look to begin on a high note at Michigan If Minnesota hopes to depart from Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, it needs to hope its offense reflects its previous self and its defense does not.	Sports
North Korea Claims the Despot is Bush, not Kim North Korea states it finds no justification for participating in a working-level meeting with the United States to set the stage for additional six-party discussions regarding the communist nation's nuclear arms development.	World
DATA VIEW: Singapore Aug Indus Output Underperformed Expectations SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore's industrial production increased by a lesser-than-anticipated 5.3% year-on-year in August, as the output of pharmaceuticals declined significantly from a high benchmark set a year prior.	Business
On October 25, 2004, Dave Hyde wrote that in serious tones and formal language, the president, the athletic director, and the former football coach each took turns revealing a dismissal at the University of Florida on Monday that was only surprising for happening sooner than expected.	Sports
North Korea has been deemed the most oppressive for press freedom. The media watchdog Reporters Without Borders has identified North Korea and Cuba as the countries with the least press freedom, while Denmark ranks as the top performer.	World
#39;Blog #39; Leads Online Dictionary Rankings short for "Weblog" -- was the most-requested definition on Merriam-Webster #39;s online dictionary website, according to the publisher.	Tech
Is Google the Next Netscape? Is Google the Next Netscape?\\To establish a comparison between Netscape #038; Google in their battle against Microsoft, it is essential to analyze the different resemblances between the two scenarios and determine if the strategies that succeeded back then will be effective now.	Tech
IBM's newest eServer aims to compete with AMD's dual-core products. On October 15, IBM is set to boost its competitive advantage with the launch of the eServer 326, a rack-mounted server designed to support AMD's forthcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
Calif. Official Supports Anthem-WellPoint  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The insurance commissioner of California on Tuesday concluded his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s proposed acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. for $16.5 billion after Anthem consented to increase its funding for state health initiatives.	Business
Opportunity Rover Discovers Rocky, Possibly Watery, Discovery (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Nearly by chance, NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has encountered a stone that could indicate a second instance of water in the history of the red planet.	Tech
On Sunday, the most sought-after terrorist in Pakistan was eliminated by security forces, who was reportedly involved in an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf and was facing accusations in the killing of a US journalist.	World
It must be Cole on the left. Football365's top pundit looks ahead to England's international double-header and supports the idea of selecting Joe Cole on the left... Among the three options available to Sven-Goran Eriksson for the left side on Saturday, I would personally opt for Joe Cole.	Sports
Singh dominates a world that has yet to accept him. On Monday, the newly appointed No. 1 entered a room to confront the golfing media, having just defeated Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship close to Boston.	Sports
Now It's Official: Economic Decline The US economy slowed down more sharply in the second quarter than earlier thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap grew, the government announced on Friday in a statement that confirmed that momentum weakened during the spring.	Business
Unrest Extends To Southern Iraq (CBS/AP) While US troops persisted in their bombardment of the turbulent city of Fallujah and engaged with militants in the streets of Baghdad, disturbances emerged in the typically calm British-controlled city of Basra.	World
Nokia Reduces 'Brick' Phone Size to Target New Markets (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia, the largest mobile phone manufacturer globally, introduced on Wednesday a compact version of its equivalent to the Swiss Army knife that it aims to attract women and less tech-savvy professionals.	Tech
Canadian racing legend Jacques Villeneuve is set to join the Swiss team. The former world champion driver, Jacques Villeneuve from Canada, has inked an agreement to race for the Sauber Petronas Formula One team based in Switzerland for the upcoming season.	Sports
The gases found on Mars offer fascinating clues regarding possible life forms. The detection of water vapor alongside methane gas in similar areas on Mars strengthens the hypothesis that the Red Planet could serve as a haven for microbial life, as stated by space researchers.	Tech
Applebee's #39; s predicts a rise in earnings and units. The company expects to double its units to at least 3,000 and forecasts a 17% increase in earnings over the next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The dining chain Applebee's International Inc.	Business
Mobile phone sales are anticipated to surpass fixed-line services in 2004: report (AFP) AFP - This year, mobile phones are projected to earn more revenue than conventional fixed-line services for the first time, driven by rising demand in developing nations like China, India, and Russia, according to an annual industry report.	Tech
Iranian leader reaffirms stance on armaments NEW YORK Iran's foreign minister has asserted that the nation will unwaveringly uphold its entitlement to advance nuclear technology for peaceful uses, while also rejecting any intentions to create nuclear arms.	World
Earthquake Shakes Bali, Indonesia, Results in One Fatality. BALI, Indonesia (Reuters) - A strong earthquake shook Indonesia's top tourist destination of Bali on Wednesday, resulting in one death, injuring a minimum of two individuals, and causing some distress, according to officials.	World
Final version for a reputable Asian newsweekly HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, a frequently sharp newsweekly for over fifty years, will transition to a monthly opinion magazine in December, and nearly all of its staff will be laid off, Dow Jones declared on Thursday.	Business
Apache Declines Microsoft's Licensing Proposals For Anti-Spam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com. The Apache Software Foundation, the developers of the popular open-source Apache web server, declared on Thursday that it would not support the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID, because of the licensing terms set by Microsoft Corp.	Tech
Doctors: Vioxx isn't the sole medication to assist arthritis The discontinuation of Vioxx might negatively impact Merck & Co.'s income, but it isn’t a hindrance for arthritis sufferers, physicians stated on Friday, as numerous other medications provide equivalent symptom alleviation.	Business
The UK is set to evaluate the deployment of troops to Iraq. A reconnaissance team will travel to the region surrounding Baghdad where UK forces might be dispatched to support the US.	World
Olympics: Soaring Holm Seeks to Challenge Science (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden's gold medal-winning high jumper Stefan Holm believes he can jump even higher, but scientists claim he and other competitors are already near the threshold of what they can accomplish.	Tech
The WTO has authorized sanctions against the United States. The European Union, Japan, along with other countries, will be allowed to impose substantial penalties on American companies that are engaging in dumping practices starting early next year.	Business
Report: EADS Might Collaborate with Thales The French government is contemplating a merger of European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co. with Thales SA to form an aerospace giant, according to the financial newspaper Les Echos, which reported on Friday.	Business
Oswalt secures his 19th win as the Astros maintain their momentum. Roy Oswalt emerged as the NL's first 19-game victor, and the Houston Astros remained competitive in the wild-card hunt with a 10-3 win over the St.	Sports
Chargers Postgame Show Denver was set to seize the late advantage when cornerback Drayton Florence deflected an end zone throw aimed at Rod Smith. The throw bounced off to safety Jerry Wilson for an interception.	Sports
Martin reveals significant restructuring of key personnel in the Prime Minister's Office (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin revealed a significant restructuring of his senior staff on Wednesday, with numerous close associates and one former cabinet minister assigned important positions in the Prime Minister's Office following the election shakeup.	World
Moscow Train Station Evacuated Due to Bomb Threat, Interfax Reports Moscow authorities are carrying out a limited evacuation at the Kursk train station in central Moscow as they investigate for explosives following an anonymous call from a male individual making threats.	World
Analysis: Users of PeopleSoft express their views on Oracle's acquisition (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The significant discussion regarding the ramifications of Oracle's aggressive acquisition of PeopleSoft has prompted major industry analyst firms to weigh in. Nonetheless, within the majority of the analyses, the perspectives of one group appear to have been overlooked: those of PeopleSoft users.	Tech
US forces are pushing deeper into Fallujah; confrontations in Mosul US and Iraqi forces are moving further south into the city of Fallujah on the fifth day of a synchronized assault aimed at eradicating insurgents.	World
Static around RFID A main patent owner is pursuing royalties. If this starts a trend, the adoption of radio frequency identification technology might be obstructed.	Tech
Subsidy decision a favorable outcome for sugar manufacturers The Federal Government has praised a World Trade Organisation decision stating that European subsidies for sugar manufacturers violate international trade regulations.	Business
Photos Combined with Music Results in a Costly iPod (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Initially, Apple introduced color to the iPod with the iPod mini, featuring a range of pastel shades, and now it has added color internally, represented by the new iPod Photo.	Tech
An Australian man aged 38 died from loss of blood on Saturday after being saved from a shark attack while spearfishing in the Great Barrier Reef, according to officials.	World
IBM introduces high-end Power5 servers IBM has broadened the upper segment of its eServer lineup with three multi-processor systems targeted at data centers and large enterprise customers.	Tech
The dollar declines to a fresh overnight low, reaching yet another unprecedented low against the euro, raising worries about the German and broader eurozone economies.	Business
Warren modifies his tone; "The opinions voiced by the host might not align with the opinions of the station or its sponsors." The Browns were unhappy when Warren stated he would gladly accept a $50,000 penalty to get rid of Roethlisberger, who	Sports
Pfizer: Celebrex Found Safe After News Article NEW YORK/OTTAWA (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; announced on Thursday that its arthritis medication, Celebrex, was deemed safe after a report in a Canadian newspaper associated it with 14 fatalities.	Business
The vanishing of baby Azaria Chamberlain 24 years ago is likely to remain one of Australia's most renowned enigmas after the coroner's office determined that there was no new evidence to warrant reopening the case.	World
NOBEL LAUREATE TO CONVEY CHEN'S GOODWILL TO BEIJING LEADER AT APEC Taipei, Nov. 12 (CNA) Academia Sinica President Lee Yuan-tseh announced on Friday that he will relay President Chen Shui-bian's goodwill to mainland Chinese President Hu Jintao during the upcoming informal leadership meeting.	World
Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder announced that Germany and France are in favor of inviting Turkey to begin discussions regarding EU membership at a summit scheduled for December in Brussels.	World
Pennsylvania Golfer Exonerated for Not Shouting 'Fore' (AP) AP - A golfer struck in the face by a stray ball was not able to persuade a jury that the individual who hit him acted negligently by not shouting "Fore!"	Sports
Final Breath of an Expiring Star? Spacecraft to Investigate A new spacecraft is being prepared to conduct the quickest, most thorough examination yet of the transient gamma ray bursts originating from far in the universe.	Tech
U.S. stocks experienced a modest increase on Friday after government data revealed a stronger-than-expected demand in August for durable goods, excluding transportation equipment, although escalating oil prices limited the gains.	Business
Prince Harry returned to the UK from Argentina today following allegations of a kidnapping conspiracy. Local news reported that gunfire had been detected at a polo ranch where he was employed.	World
EU Action on Cyprus Clears Path for Turkey Agreement  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey moved closer to a landmark deal on initiating membership discussions on Friday as EU leaders relaxed their requirements regarding the critical issue of Cyprus.	World
American swimmer Ian Crocker set a world record in the short course with a time of 22.71 seconds for the 50 meters butterfly during the world championships in Indianapolis on Sunday.	Sports
BenQ Readies iPod Rival; a digital audio player powered by a hard drive is expected to debut by the end of the year.	Tech
Ackermann restructures Deutsche FRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, the chief executive of Deutsche Bank, revealed a long-awaited personnel overhaul on Tuesday intended to strengthen leadership in its lucrative investment banking division and revive trust in its dedication to Germany, the	Business
Up, down, and away: NASA's 'Weightless Wonder' completes its last flight HOUSTON -- The NASA turbojet famously referred to as the "vomit comet" for its role in training astronauts to experience weightlessness took its last flight on Friday.	Tech
Oil Slips Again as Fuel Prices Impact Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices finished lower on Tuesday due to indications that elevated energy prices are hampering the economic growth that has driven this year's significant rise in global oil consumption.	Business
Comprehending Google AdWords Comprehending Google AdWords\\In contrast to numerous search engines, Google, to its merit, explicitly marks search listings that are sponsored placements. In fact, Google AdWords are displayed in a distinct section along the left side of the screen.\\Google AdWords offers a cost-effective advertising platform for businesses to promote products or services to a specific ...	Tech
The Supreme Court is reviewing a conflict regarding wine sales across state lines in Michigan. The justices are deliberating whether Michigan and other states can prohibit individuals from purchasing wine directly from suppliers located out of state, a significant financial issue that could result in major alterations to the regulation of alcoholic beverages.	Business
Dollar Stable Before Employment Report  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar remained solid above this week's historic low against the euro on Friday, with traders hesitant to take positions prior to important U.S. employment data.	Business
The senior athletes from Oklahoma State achieved a win. While Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim reviewed film of Oklahoma State to prepare for their matchup at the Jimmy V Classic, he reflected, "we might not have a shot against this team."	Sports
#39;Halo 2 #39; has gaming enthusiasts ATLANTA - For numerous video game devotees, the excitement surrounding the follow-up to quot;Halo quot; is more deafening than a rapid-fire machine gun blasting in their ears.	Tech
Not exactly a day of enjoyment and sports for Jones ATHENS, Greece -- So aside from your weak, fifth-place result in the long jump and the failed baton exchange in the 400-meter relay resulting in a big fat "Did Not Finish," how did your day turn out, Marion Jones?	Sports
The government of Singapore is improving third-party war risk insurance protection for the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a subsidiary of the Singapore Airlines group.	Business
'Cities in turmoil' officials caution Global leaders indicate that swift urban growth will emerge as one of the most significant issues of the 21st Century.	Tech
Exeter University eliminates its chemistry department. In a decision described as '#39;catastrophic #39;' by the Royal Society of Chemistry, Exeter University will cease offering chemistry as a subject.	Tech
Bill Gates Receives 4 Million Emails Each Day Bill Gates might not use AOL, but he definitely has a lot of mail. The chairman of Microsoft Corp. receives millions of online messages daily, according to Steve Ballmer, the company's chief executive. "Bill essentially receives 4 million emails every day, with most of them being spam," Ballmer said on Thursday.	Tech
The Yankees remain in harmony. Undefeated Orlando Hernandez threw seven innings, giving up five hits to secure his eighth consecutive victory, as the New York Yankees defeated Sidney Ponson and the Orioles, 5-2, yesterday in Baltimore.	Sports
Sprint and SBC have disclosed a Wi-Fi roaming pact. Users of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will find it simpler to access the wireless Internet offerings of both companies due to a collaborative agreement announced on Friday.	Tech
China Claims Victory at the Paralympics China excelled in the medal standings at the Paralympic Games that concluded on Tuesday, and Chinese officials anticipate a comparable performance when Beijing organizes the games in four years.	Sports
In summary: RealNetworks partners with Red Flag Linux roundup Additionally: Microsoft introduces Virtual PC 7...SGI cautions of reduced earnings, heightened losses...SAP utilizes search technology.	Tech
"Heal" a 4-Letter Term for Oncologists In an era when a greater number of individuals are healed from cancer than ever before, fewer physicians appear inclined to acknowledge it. They refer to the cancer as undetectable, or in remission. They inform patients they can cease visits to cancer specialists. They cite statistics and claim the likelihood is low that the disease will return.	Tech
UK to adopt stricter measures on ultrawideband A report for the British regulator suggests that wireless technology should be more rigorously regulated compared to the United States.	Tech
FTC Supports Reward Program for Spammers The US Federal Trade Commission has expressed its support for a scheme that would incentivize insiders to provide information that could result in the arrest and conviction of individuals or businesses responsible for generating spam.	Tech
IBM and LG Electronics are set to terminate their joint venture. International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will conclude an eight-year partnership that contributed to the expansion of the US computer company's presence in the flourishing South Korean PC market.	Business
A small telescope has identified a massive planet orbiting a distant star, employing a method that may usher in a new era of planet discovery, according to researchers.	Tech
Andreas Herzog Steps Away from Professional Soccer (AP) AP - Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Andreas Herzog, who represented Austria in the 1990 and 1998 World Cups, announced his retirement from professional soccer on Wednesday.	Sports
Key Regulations for Mobile Market Face F.C.C. Vote Next week, the FCC is expected to alter the regulations on unbundled networks primarily in ways that benefit the Regional bells.	Business
Steelers Alter Staley's Status from Probable (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was shifted on Saturday from probable to uncertain for the upcoming game against the Philadelphia Eagles.	Sports
In the early 1980s, while Jeff Raikes was employed at Apple Computer, he received a call from a man named Steve Ballmer who invited him to interview for a product-management position at a small software company located in the Seattle region.	Tech
Invasion of the Data Snatchers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Do you think your PC is safe? Reconsider. A recent investigation indicates that your personal computer is likely burdened with spyware, viruses, and various problems caused by hackers and pranksters. For some people, not knowing may be a relief, but for computer users, being oblivious can be costly and ineffective.	Tech
Hague Court Appoints Defense Lawyer for Milosevic THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Judges at The Hague tribunal on Thursday assigned a defense lawyer to former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic in order to prevent additional delays in his war crimes trial.	World
Cricket: Dubai worldwide academy The International Cricket Council is ready to launch a worldwide cricket academy aimed at enhancing the standards of cricket in developing countries.	World
Investors are evaluating the impact of oil prices. NEW YORK: A further increase in oil prices is placing some pressure on stocks, which are varied. The Dow Jones industrial average has dropped by 12 points to ten-thousand-165.	Business
He’s His Own Adu Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is proud of his brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, but seeks to carve out his own identity.	Sports
Injured soldiers recount brutal battle LANDSTUHL, Germany - Four American servicemen injured the previous week in the Iraqi city of Fallujah on Monday recounted fierce combat with a capable adversary, proficient in marksmanship and setting up booby traps.	World
Update 1: Negotiators Gather at WTO for Agricultural Discussions Negotiators convened on Friday at the World Trade Organization for official agricultural discussions, concluding a week-long series of informal conversations on strategies to achieve a broader liberalization agreement by the end of 2005.	Business
Conte appears on television and reveals identities. As the bassist for the pop-funk group Tower of Power, Victor Conte established a song's foundation by executing a specified sequence of notes.	Sports
According to a report from the Engineering Employers Federation, the manufacturing sector in the UK is achieving its strongest performance in almost ten years.	Business
IBM Chips Might One Day Fix Themselves. New advancements use electrical fuses to assist in detecting and fixing issues.	Tech
A NetRatings survey indicates that broadband users have become the predominant group among US home Internet users as of AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE).	Tech
Junqueira wins against Bourdais to secure the Lexmark Indy 300. The race for the Champ Car drivers' championship is moving to Mexico City in two weeks. Bruno Junqueira secured victory at yesterday's Lexmark Indy 300, finishing in front of teammate Sebastien Bourdais, stopping Bourdais' chase for the 2004 title.	Sports
No. 5 North Carolina 63, No. 24 Villanova 56 The North Carolina Tar Heels overcame their poor first half performance. Then they did the same to Villanova. After only managing to score 25 points in the first half, the No.	Sports
Red Hat has appointed Charles Peters Jr. as the new CFO as the company manages the repercussions from revising its earnings for the last three fiscal years.	Tech
Soccer: Vller resigns from Roma following defeat to Bologna Rudi Vller announced on Sunday that he had departed from Roma in the Italian league. His tenure as manager lasted less than four weeks. Roma was defeated 3-1 by Bologna in Serie A on Saturday, despite the fact that their opponents played for 40 minutes with only nine players.	Sports
A rest would have been welcomed by the Sox Following yet another disappointing road trip - the White Sox ended with a 3-4 record during a series in Detroit and Cleveland - a day off would undoubtedly seem attractive.	Sports
Rugby-Lions confirm extra match on 2005 New Zealand tour The British and Irish Lions have reached an agreement to add another game to their visit to New Zealand next year. The Lions will be facing the historically strong Auckland provincial team.	Sports
Interview: OSDL chief Stuart Cohen - Part 2 In the second part of a two-part interview, Open Systems Development Labs chief Stuart Cohen discusses his views on Linux security, desktop environments, the Domino effect that is promoting Linux, and the factors that will lead Microsoft to eventually embrace Linux.	Tech
The Mars mission has been celebrated as the leading breakthrough of 2004. The finding that Mars may have been capable of sustaining life billions of years ago has been classified by the editors of the international journal Science as the most significant scientific accomplishment of 2004.	Tech
A Card to Your Future 401(k) credit card would provide countless American employees the opportunity to access their own funds from their retirement savings accounts.	Business
Employment statistics offer candidates a chance for dialogue. WASHINGTON - Businesses expanded their staff in August, creating 144,000 positions and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
The monarch who engaged with the Khmer Rouge (and lived) The journey of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has been a confusing path of political changes and convenient decisions. Now the individual referred to as the 'fickle ruler' has declared his resignation.	World
AMD et Chartered signent des contrats d'approvisionnement et de <b>...</b> SUNNYVALE, Californie et SINGAPOUR--(BUSINESS WIRE)9 novembre 2004--Chartered adopte la production automatisée de haute précision d'AMD et prévoit de fabriquer des processeurs AMD64 en 2006.	Tech
Before the Bell - ESS Technology experiences a decline of 4.4 percent Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research), a manufacturer of computer chips for DVD players, decreased by 4.4 percent in premarket trading on Monday after the company reduced its revenue and earnings outlook for the third quarter.	Business
Business News for Tech Executives Microsoft Strikes Agreement with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A "historic contract" between Microsoft and the UK’s Department of Health to extend the agency’s license for desktop software could potentially save it around \$608 million.	Tech
Discussions Between EU and US on Aircraft Assistance Stalled US and EU negotiators exchanged positions on Thursday regarding government support for aircraft competitors Airbus and Boeing, yet ended up no nearer to resolving a delicate matter that has gained momentum in the lead-up to the US presidential election.	Business
Former president Bill Clinton on Monday assisted in the launch of a new internet search firm supported by the Chinese government, which claims its technology employs artificial intelligence to deliver superior results compared to Google Inc.	Tech
AOL Improves Multimedia Search Platform com. America Online Inc. on Wednesday launched additional features in its Singingfish search platform for internet audio and video content. AOL, a division of Time Warner Inc.	Tech
Court: File-sharing applications not responsible for copyright infringements The developers of two prominent file-sharing applications are not legally accountable for the music, films, and other copyrighted materials exchanged online by their users, a federal appeals court declared Thursday in a significant setback for the entertainment sector.	Tech
Karzai's Significant Poll Advantage Highlights Afghan Ethnic Divisions (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was on track for triumph in Afghanistan's inaugural direct presidential elections, yet by Wednesday, the results thus far have highlighted the ethnic divisions that have frequently split the nation.	World
Soy Fertility Risk Reduced (WebMD) Eating a diet rich in soy or taking soy supplements probably won’t adversely affect a woman’s fertility, according to a recent study.	Tech
Virgin Mobile's growth expectations do not meet Richard Branson's aspirations. Virgin Mobile has anticipated a substantial rise in earnings and profit margins, but has issued underwhelming predictions for service revenue.	Business
Stanford chosen as the favorite in the significantly enhanced Pac-10. Tara VanDerveer approached the podium at the Pacific-10 Conference women's basketball media day on Tuesday and was prompted to provide an opening remark.	Sports
Ivory Coast facing UN sanctions France is pushing for the adoption of a UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo and further penalties against the Ivory Coast. France's UN ambassador, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, feels positive about a vote taking place early this week.	World
The beginning of the Cardinals' season showcases benefits, as St. Louis boasts a group of top-tier position players alongside some underrated pitchers.	Sports
U.S. Bishops Examining Sex Abuse Policy The Roman Catholic bishops of the United States announced on Friday that they will take the next nine months to consider whether to implement any modifications to the policy established during the peak of the clergy sex abuse scandal, which includes the permanent removal of guilty priests from church duties. This review was required by the "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People," the document that the bishops endorsed at a heartfelt assembly in Dallas in June 2002...	World
A federal jury in Tennessee has instructed Medtronic Inc. to compensate at least $109 million to an inventor in connection with a disagreement regarding the ownership of spinal fusion technology rights.	Business
The top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic from Croatia defeated Victor Hanescu of Romania with a score of 6-4, 6-4 on Tuesday during the initial round of the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Painful internet withdrawal com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the previous year and a half.	Tech
Grand Central enhances its integration service. The company enhances its online service for exchanging business information among companies.	Tech
United Airlines pilots have agreed to withdraw their resistance to the airline's widely criticized proposal to terminate traditional pensions as part of a provisional contract agreement sanctioned by union officials.	Business
Lucent milestone: A profit Lucent Technologies announced an increase in its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings yesterday, contributing to the telecommunications equipment manufacturer's first profitable year since the year 2000.	Business
IDC: Software sales expected to reach \$189 billion. The market research firm has forecasted a 6.2 percent rise in software revenue for 2004.	Tech
Intel advocates for a comprehensive revamp of the Internet. The network requires an additional layer of functionalities to address upcoming issues related to capacity, security, and reliability, according to Intel's Chief Technology Officer.	Tech
A fantastic catch? Lobsters How does he enjoy lobster? Boiled, steamed, broiled, baked, grilled? Newburg? Bahar Uttam prefers his with a capital L -- Lobsters -- and imagines them playing on a tennis court instead of being served on a plate. In Uttam's thoughts lies a delicious meal for the town's athletic crowd, one that could satisfy the five-year appetite of tennis enthusiasts, a ...	Sports
Sports Court Reviews Hamm Gold Medal Case LAUSANNE, Switzerland - Paul Hamm appeared in front of the top sports tribunal on Monday to present his case for retaining his Olympic gymnastics gold medal. The Court of Arbitration for Sport met to consider the appeal from a South Korean gymnast who claims he was wrongfully denied the gold in the men's all-around event in Athens last month due to a scoring mistake...	World
The Rosetta Mission's Investigation of a Comet The European Rosetta mission aims to study a comet as it tries to latch onto and affix itself to its surface. An innovatively crafted oven will warm the comet in a manner akin to detecting identifiable elements.	Tech
Pfizer Inc. announced on Friday that it will offer health-care professionals more details regarding its arthritis medication Bextra and that it will undertake further research to verify the drug's long-term cardiovascular safety profile.	Business
In 2004, Science named the discovery of water and robots on Mars as the top finding. The Mars rovers revealed that the Red Planet once had water and could have potentially supported life. This recognition is announced today by the journal Science.	Tech
Google Achieves Trademark Win Against GEICO ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday granted online search engine Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; a win in a trademark infringement lawsuit on Wednesday, deciding that when users searched for the insurer GEICO, Google was allowed to show competitors as well.	Business
The US team stumbles as Marion Jones, the defending champion from Sydney who finished the 2000 Olympics with a remarkable five track-and-field medals, wrapped up her next Olympics in a dramatically different way on Friday -- without any medals and in tears.	Sports
New Columbia Athletic Director Voices Her Thoughts (AP) AP - Within a day of assuming her position, Columbia University's athletic director M. Dianne Murphy promptly shared her views on the school's athletic achievements.	Sports
Ballesteros Aiming for Full Season Next Year MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros stated on Friday that he has achieved such a remarkable recovery from his back issues that he aspires to compete for a complete season next year on both sides of the Atlantic.	Sports
Red Hat initiates a failing propaganda campaign against Sun Opinion. Heaven save us all - there’s a blogging conflict occurring between Red Hat’s leading supporter Michael Tiemann and Sun Microsystems’ President Jonathan Schwartz.	Tech
Service updates, lawmakers, and individual freedoms &lt;strong&gt;Dialogue:&lt;/strong&gt; The overflowing inbox reveals its mysteries.	Tech
Recent Poll Shows Bush and Kerry are Close Competitors (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush is presently in a statistical deadlock with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the upcoming Nov. 2 election, indicating a tightening of the race following the first debate last week, according to a poll published on Monday.	World
Pioneer substitutes power supplies for plasma televisions. Some Pioneer TV models have a defective power supply. An enhancement is accessible.	Tech
Capriati disrupts Serena Nearly a year ago, Jennifer Capriati experienced this same sensation. She was in Arthur Ashe Stadium, the lights shining brightly, with over 20,000 fans cheering. However, the opponent was different, as Capriati took on Justine Henin-Hardenne, serving for what would eventually be one of the most significant matches of her career. But on that night, ...	Sports
Oracle versus PeopleSoft: Falsehoods and Dishonest CEOs Who Share Them PeopleSoft's board was aware that CEO Craig Conway had made mistakes in his statements, thus it submitted a revised version of the meeting transcript to the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
No agreement on the dollar as the US dismisses European pressure. Europe and Japan were unsuccessful yesterday in convincing the United States to tackle the fall in the dollar, even after discussions at a contentious meeting of the Group of 20 industrial and developing nations.	Business
GM Aims to Utilize Woods in a More Innovative Way (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. is excited that Tiger Woods will endorse Buick for the upcoming five years, but GM chairman Rick Wagoner states that the automaker could optimize its use of the most famous golfer in the world.	Sports
Generals May Face Consequences for Iraq Misconduct WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner mistreatment scandal may effectively conclude the careers of four Army generals who are indirectly connected to the wrongdoing but do not face any criminal charges. The four individuals are highlighted for varying levels of criticism - alongside some instances of commendation - in two detailed investigative reports released last week...	World
Crude oil futures increased to above \$50 a barrel in New York due to worries that rebel assaults in Nigeria could cut production, while US stockpiles are at a nearly 29-year low due to interruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.	Business
Sources indicate that Bush has picked White House legal advisor Alberto Gonzales as his nominee for attorney general.	World
Research: A Small Number of Americans Purchase Medications Online Only 4 percent of Americans have ever utilized the Internet to purchase prescription medications - and an even smaller percentage do so through overseas pharmacies - despite websites operated by a few states to assist residents in importing drugs more affordably from Canada, a recent study reveals.	Tech
Today, it is anticipated that federal regulators will formally sanction Cingular Wireless's $41 billion acquisition of AT&T Wireless, according to company representatives who received updates on the situation over the weekend.	Tech
MLB Unlikely to Penalize Steroid Users (AP) AP - Despite all the uproar regarding alleged confessions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi, and Gary Sheffield, major league baseball is unlikely to take disciplinary action against them.	Sports
Mount St. Helens Reveals Magma Growth (AP) AP - A fresh lava lobe inside the crater of Mount St. Helens has formed a piston-like protrusion towering to the height of a 30-story building — emitting a red glow at night.	Tech
MEPs GREENLIGHT RESTRUCTURED COMMISSION After three weeks of deadlock, European legislators have given their approval to a revised executive commission for the European Union. European MPs had declined to endorse a new group of commissioners suggested by Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso.	World
Pacifist Japan improves 'self-defense' tactics After almost sixty years of pacifism, Japan has today updated its defense policy; easing an arms export ban and designating North Korea and China as threats to security.	World
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson netted 12 of his 21 points in the last 31/2 minutes as the Philadelphia 76ers concluded their initial training camp at Duke University with a 114-107 win against the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night.	Sports
Flooding in Panama claims the lives of nine individuals. At least nine people—seven of whom are children—have lost their lives due to flooding in Panama's capital. Authorities report that a minimum of 13 individuals remain unaccounted for after intense rainfall led to rivers overflowing their banks.	World
Online Gaming Changes Social Interactions (AP) AP - Not long ago, in a realm not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I seriously need to quit bleeding and dying," the 24-year-old commented as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm really awful at being aware of my battle fatigue."	Tech
A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC has secured the winning bid for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, with an agreement to pay US$300 million (euros 244 million) for control of Indonesia's seventh-largest bank, Finance Minister Boediono stated on Friday.	Business
Toshiba is nearing the commercialization of a novel data storage technology that has the potential to greatly enhance the capacity of hard-disk drives, it announced on Tuesday.	Tech
Blair: The Time for Justifications About Africa Has Concluded (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is prepared to announce on Thursday that the time for justifications about Africa has come to an end as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia that he hopes will raise the continent's concerns to a global priority.	World
Intel's prince Otellini ascends to the throne. Intel's board has approved the long-awaited transition of leadership from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. As of May 18, Otellini will assume control of the chip manufacturer and become its fifth CEO in history.	Business
Dyke has rekindled the WMD debate. Former BBC chief Greg Dyke has brought back into focus the contention surrounding Tony Blair's decision to go to war with Iraq. Dyke was required to resign from his role, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January following Lord.	World
Orioles 8, Devil Rays 0 Javy Lopez knocked in four runs, Daniel Cabrera became the first rookie to achieve 10 wins this season, and the Baltimore Orioles limited the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to two hits in an 8-0 win.	Sports
Japan Stocks Unchanged Following Wall Street The Nikkei average remained unchanged in mid-morning trading on Wednesday, supported by bargain-hunting in several blue-chip stocks after US equities demonstrated resilience despite an increase in oil prices reaching new highs.	Business
Aztec, an Indian IT firm, has revealed its plans to purchase the software testing company Disha Technologies for 12.1 million dollars.	Tech
Halo 2 achieves unprecedented sales of \$125 million within the first 24 hours. In its initial 24 hours, Halo 2 shattered records in entertainment retail. Microsoft Game Studios announced that the video game sold through 2.4 million outlets in the US and Canada, generating \$125 million in revenue.	Business
Equities Climb as Oil Decreases by Over \$2  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equities increased on Wednesday as crude oil futures dropped more than \$2 a barrel due to a significant rise in U.S. petroleum supply, alleviating concerns about the effect of energy prices on corporate earnings and economic expansion.	Business
Non-native Goats Residing in Yellowstone (AP) AP - A recent study reveals that mountain goats are establishing themselves in Yellowstone National Park, yet park authorities are uncertain about how to manage the presence of these non-native species.	Tech
Tax-Exempt Bonuses Labeled Out Some taxpayers have been revisiting an outdated Internal Revenue Service ruling regarding signing bonuses in baseball contracts and employing it to defend avoiding payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses in general.	Business
According to a report by Yonhap news agency, the South Korean government is getting ready to implement a substantial "New Deal" spending initiative over the next few years in order to rejuvenate the country's struggling economy.	Business
Knowledge was the primary dish WALTHAM -- He is an 87-year-old gentleman with a walking stick and a cigar, and the influence of royalty.	Sports
Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps could be facing a prison sentence after being detained for driving under the influence last week in Salisbury, Maryland.	Sports
U.S. to Permit Certain Telemarketing 'Robo Calls' WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Starting next week, telemarketers will be permitted to utilize recorded "robo calls" to contact existing customers -- at least for the moment, U.S. authorities declared on Friday.	Tech
Defense companies chase $23 billion contract. EUROPE'S biggest defense companies will have the chance to vie for a $23 billion (£12 billion) air refueling deal for the US Air Force that has been removed from Boeing.	Business
Patriots Kick Off Title Defense with Close Victory Against Colts The New England Patriots commenced their pursuit of consecutive Super Bowl championships with a slim 27-24 triumph over the Indianapolis Colts in the first game of the NFL season in Foxboro on Thursday.	Sports
LIVE: Launch of Expedition Ten Team to the ISS / ESA TV Live / 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In the early morning of 14 October, the next ISS launch will take place, sending another permanent team to the Station. The Expedition 10 team consists of Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov.	Tech
Police Test Portable Fingerprint Scanner Several police departments in Minnesota are trialing a portable device that captures a suspect's fingerprint and electronically verifies it against Minnesota's criminal record and fingerprint database.	Tech
Iran states it is not required to permit inspectors from the UN atomic energy agency to access military locations suspected of being involved in covert nuclear weapons activities, but it is open to discussing the matter.	World
Volkswagen's discussions with the labor union progressed today LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - The German automotive leader, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), advanced its talks with the labor union regarding its intended reductions in labor expenses.	Business
SA-India Test: South Africa declares their first innings at 510 for 9 : Sports India: Cricket > Kanpur, Nov 22 : South Africa declared their first innings at 510 for nine on the third day of the first cricket Test against India here today.	Sports
Goldcorp Announces It Will Assess Glamis Offer Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday stated that its board is open to reviewing and assessing a takeover proposal from Glamis Gold Ltd. that could disrupt its amicable merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
We need to understand the importance of patience on Indian surfaces: Smith (AFP) AFP - South African captain Graeme Smith stated that his squad must develop patience on sluggish pitches if they aspire to perform successfully in an imminent two-Test series versus India.	World
Delta Financing to Utilize Prepaid SkyMiles Shares of Delta Air Lines increased significantly after the struggling airline disclosed on Monday that it had entered into a commitment letter with American Express Travel Related Services Co.	Business
Berra States He Wouldn't Be Open to Giambi's Return (AP) AP - While manager Joe Torre repeatedly dodged questions on Thursday about his opinions on Jason Giambi's possible comeback to the New York Yankees, Hall of Famer Yogi Berra candidly shared his perspective.	Sports
Tennis: Canas triumphs over Novak to secure a spot in the Shanghai final, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI: Argentina's Guillermo Canas dominated Jiri Novak from the Czech Republic to earn his place in the final of the $380,000 ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament against the less-known German Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
Ichiro Suzuki of the Mariners Sets Hits Record, Adds Another Single SEATTLE (Reuters) - Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners recorded three singles to equal, surpass, and subsequently extend the Major League hits record with his 259th of the season during a match against the Texas Rangers on Friday.	Sports
The UK's minister for East Asia stated that the country is waiting for the findings from a technical assessment of what a group of diplomats observed at the location of a significant explosion in North Korea last week.	World
A group of private individuals and local elected officials in New Jersey intend to initiate legal action to prevent the state from utilizing electronic voting machines.	Tech
A prominent leader of Colombia's right-wing paramilitary groups has been slain, raising further concerns about the continuing peace negotiations with the government.	World
Mobile surge attracts telecom production to India BANGALORE, INDIA - A projected increase in mobile phone usage in India is luring both global and domestic firms to set up manufacturing facilities in the nation.	Tech
USA: Wal-Mart expects a successful Christmas season. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, announced that it was hopeful about having "yet another record quarter and a prosperous holiday period" following the announcement of solid third-quarter results.	Business
Nothing happening Well, that certainly didn’t turn out very well, did it? Everyone was aware that the NHL intended to reject the NHLPA’s most recent proposal yesterday, yet the hockey community still held its breath when the two opposing sides met in person.	Sports
Oil Prices Change Course Following a month-long surge that consistently drove prices to record levels, the price of a barrel fell for the fourth consecutive day, resulting in a cost that is \$10 higher than the rate from a year ago.	Business
IBM Introduces Security Intelligence Service, Highlights Significant Increase in Attacks IBM has introduced a new intelligence service designed to provide businesses with a monthly report that outlines the overarching landscape of security threats and other business dangers, the Armonk, NY-based corporation stated on Tuesday.	Tech
Brief Leap, Poor Exchange End Jones #39; Competitions ATHENS, Greece - For Marion Jones, Sydney must feel like it’s more than just a half a globe apart. Those Olympic Games were a fantastical realm where she dominated athletics with a golden flair and a charming grin, clinching five medals.	Sports
Sony discloses certain specific information regarding the PSP handheld device. The PlayStation Portable will feature a sophisticated processor that manages both gaming and multimedia capabilities.	Tech
NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe is anticipated to resign this week, according to a government official who spoke on Sunday, and a spokesperson for Louisiana State University indicated that O'Keefe is a prime contender for the position of chancellor there.	Tech
Sharon is 'in danger of being murdered' Israel's opposition leader cautions that the prime minister is under a threat of assassination due to his approach towards disengagement from Gaza.	World
The Big Dig Tunnel is afflicted by leaks. In a worsening political and engineering conflict, Boston's shiny new underground Interstate 93 highway is filled with numerous leaks.	Business
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced a smaller quarterly loss today, OCTOBER 14, 2004 (REUTERS) - SAN FRANCISCO -- as income rose compared to the same period last year for the second consecutive quarter following three years of declines, leading to a small increase in stock prices.	Tech
Sixty-six individuals referred to as SA 'mercenaries' have entered pleas of not guilty to allegations of conspiring to topple the government in Equatorial Guinea, refuting breaches of Zimbabwe's security laws.	World
Changing symbols in North Korea Kim Jong Il reduces his personality cult as protest activities increase.	World
Time on a Chip: The Amazing Miniaturization of Atomic Clocks Scientists are working on miniature atomic clocks that could be created using typical semiconductor techniques and integrated into mobile phones, portable computers, and GPS devices.	Tech
Authorities indicate that Iris Murdoch's final novel shows the initial indications of Alzheimer's disease.	World
On Wednesday, a convoy transporting former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi was attacked by gunmen in what appears to be an assassination attempt, resulting in injuries to two of his bodyguards, as reported by Chalabi's spokesperson.	World
The squad nearly acquired another icon SACRAMENTO -- The one that slipped away, Part I. With his assortment of bow ties and an academic demeanor, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would have blended seamlessly with the academics and intellectuals in Boston. He is, without a doubt, one of the most knowledgeable and esteemed basketball thinkers alive.	Sports
China Announces Births of Two Giant Pandas (AP) AP - For pandas, it’s almost like a baby boom. This week, two giant pandas were delivered, and both mothers and their cubs are reported to be healthy, as stated by the official Xinhua News Agency on Wednesday.	Tech
Netopia to Revise Financial Results (Reuters) Reuters - Netopia Inc., a producer of networking equipment, announced on Thursday that its auditor KPMG LLP has stepped down, and it will revise two years of financial results and amend the results from its latest fiscal quarter.	Tech
Microsoft Alters Its Stance on Transferring SP2 Corrections Microsoft Watch: Redmond had informed developers in private earlier this year about intentions to transfer some SP2 corrections to previous versions of Windows.	Tech
Ramirez ought to really consider it deeply. When it boils down to this, when it's even more terrible than you could have ever envisioned, if you possess any sort of talent as a player, you should reflect internally and question what actions you can take to improve the situation.	Sports
Stocks Increase as Oil Stays Around $50  LONDON (Reuters) - European equity markets increased and took in three different share placements on Wednesday, fueled by Wall Street's robust close while oil prices remained near $50 a barrel in anticipation of U.S. oil inventory figures.	Business
King Singh ... finally! The top golfer in the world is heading to Glen Abbey for this week's Canadian Open. No, Tiger Woods hasn’t altered his schedule.	Sports
Inzamam satisfied with win Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq praised his spin bowlers after Pakistan knocked out Kenya from the Champions Trophy with a seven-wicket win at Edgbaston.	Sports
Trial Date Established for Soldier at Abu Ghraib (AP) AP - A military judge directed a U.S. Army reservist on Friday to face trial on Jan. 7 in Baghdad for purportedly mistreating Iraqi inmates at the Abu Ghraib prison located outside Baghdad.	World
Alternative Energy: Prepared or not? Despite the support from rising oil costs and increasing worries about climate change, the benefits from most alternative energy technologies appear to be distant.	Business
Music industry focuses on unlawful 'ostrich' downloaders The US music industry is achieving notable advancements in its campaign against people it alleges have illegally downloaded music, with courts awarding considerable settlements in multiple cases.	Tech
Gamecocks and Tigers clash CLEMSON, SC South Carolina and Clemson fought in the final moments of today #39;s matchup at Clemson. Authorities, security personnel, and coaches attempted to separate the squads, who had a scuffle before the match began and consistently shoved and displayed hostility towards each other throughout.	Sports
Major Tech Companies Establish Grid Computing Coalition Oracle, Dell, EMC, and Intel, along with other technology firms, have come together to develop a standardized framework for enterprise grid systems. "Project MegaGrid" aims to improve the effectiveness of computing resources, as stated by the coalition.	Tech
Federer returns to the fourth round of the Open #39 with an impressive display. For the majority of tennis players, achieving approximately the same amount of clean winners as unforced errors results in a fairly decent performance.	Sports
UPDATE: Sinopec 1H Profits Rise 51; To Increase Refining Capacity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (SNP), the nation's second-largest oil and gas producer, reported a 51 increase in earnings for the first half of the year on Monday and stated it intends to expand its refining capacity by approximately one-fifth over the next three years.	Business
Royal Wedding Attracts International Media Focus on Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan - The Royal Wedding of His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has attracted about 170 international journalists to the Sultanate.	World
Nissan faces difficulties due to a lack of components Tokyo - Japan's Nissan Motor stated on Thursday that the firm might need to halt some production next March, in addition to previously disclosed suspensions, as a result of parts shortages, leading to a reduction of approximately 6 billion (R339.8 million) in yearly sales.	Business
Bojinov Propels Lecce to Top Spot Valeri Bojinov - Bulgaria's response to Wayne Rooney - netted two goals as Lecce surged into a provisional Serie A lead with a 4-1 victory against Brescia.	Sports
Motorola, the world's second-largest mobile phone producer, reported yesterday that its earnings skyrocketed over fourfold in the third quarter, while sales jumped 26 percent in comparison to the same quarter.	Business
Cup pursuit arrives at Dover When the green flag waves for today's MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway, 43 racers will be positioned to cross the start/finish line.	Sports
Network companies: Do not impose taxes on VoIP. The Spanish-American War is over, and a "temporary" tax set up to finance it should not be applied to internet phone calls, according to industry organizations urging the IRS.	Tech
Klitschko triumphs in 8th LAS VEGAS -- If Vitali Klitschko emphasized one point last night regarding the heavyweight division, it's just how done Mike Tyson actually is.	Sports
The FCC claims authority over states concerning VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - On Tuesday, federal officials claimed their control over states in overseeing Internet phone services, a ruling that providers considered crucial for fostering growth, innovation, and competitive rates in this developing sector.	Tech
Pitt could influence the BCS with a final win. As if the situation for the Bowl Championship Series wasn’t dire enough, it seems that Pittsburgh is ready to represent the Big East with a record of 8-3.	Sports
Dollar Tumbles Following Greenspan Remarks NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar plummeted across the board, falling to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan indicated that demand for U.S. assets might decline at some time due to the magnitude of the current account deficit.	Business
Inflation fell again in August, slipping further beneath the government's 2 percent target, affected by clothing and footwear stores not raising prices after a lackluster summer.	Business
The Sims 2; Demon Stone; The Number Devil Acquiring a life becomes significantly more intricate in this follow-up to the top-selling computer game of all time.	Tech
Attorneys for Pfc. Lynndie R. England attempted on Wednesday to dismiss key evidence related to the Abu Ghraib prison controversy -- the now-notorious images depicting her grinning and gesturing at naked Iraqi prisoners.	World
Sony peers beneath the Christmas tree, as American consumers plan to shop for gadgets this holiday season, regardless of rising oil prices, according to Sony executives.	Tech
Bryant Makes Initial Appearance in Court (AP) AP - NBA superstar Kobe Bryant showed up at his sexual assault trial on Monday as lawyers involved in the case dedicated the weekend to reviewing questionnaires designed to interview prospective jurors one by one.	Tech
Blue Chips Decline Following Merck's Announcement NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chip stocks saw a drop on Thursday after the pharmaceutical firm and Dow component Merck Co.<A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">MRK.N</A> declared it was withdrawing a significant medication, creating a negative sentiment in the market as oil prices stayed above $49 a barrel.	Business
Microsoft Earnings, Revenue Increase  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the globe's largest software company, on Thursday reported that its first quarter earnings rose as personal computer sales and business demand drove up sales.	Business
Clinton Experiences Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton had a successful quadruple heart bypass surgery on Monday to alleviate severely blocked arteries that physicians indicated placed the former president at high risk of experiencing a heart attack. Clinton is anticipated to achieve a complete recovery, but doctors noted that he was fortunate to have admitted himself to the hospital when he did...	World
The science ministry announced on Sunday that South Korea plans to choose its first two astronauts next year for a space mission by 2007, in light of Russia's commitment to support the country's space program.	Tech
Confronting a budget shortfall, Lucent Technologies has seen a significant increase in its retired workforce over the years, resulting in a ratio of four retirees for each active employee on its staff. With escalating health insurance expenses, Lucent is now proposing that retirees should contribute towards the costs of these benefits.	Business
Young boxer Khan taken to school The highlight of the Olympic boxing event learned yesterday that nothing can substitute for experience. At least not inside the ring.	Sports
Bears Poised to Sign QB Jeff George (Reuters) Reuters - The Chicago Bears are anticipated to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.	Sports
Stocks Begin Higher, Ignore Oil Surge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks began higher on Tuesday, with undervalued shares providing opportunities for investors and oil producer shares supported by crude oil prices surpassing the \$50 per barrel threshold.	Business
Eras merge seamlessly. As the final moments dwindled during his last home game in high school, Larry Abare looked up the slope at the distant end of Edward M. Leary Field and saw all the young boys in jeans and Acton-Boxboro jerseys, one of them sprinting through the leaves with a football securely held under his arm. ...	Sports
Cisco Targets Both High and Low NEW YORK - Cisco Systems is diligently striving to expand its presence in key growth markets, utilizing both innovative products and new acquisitions to accomplish this.	Tech
Arsenal manager Wenger has concerns about his goalkeeper. Arsenal returned to form with a convincing 3-0 win against a struggling Birmingham City yesterday. A pair of goals from Thierry Henry followed Robert Pires' initial strike, but it was the unsteady Premiership debut.	Sports
Something Seeped on Titan's Surface Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA's Cassini spacecraft captured this image of Titan as it flew by the moon on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an elevation of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft's aperture.	Tech
Mexican President Vicente Fox announced on Wednesday that he will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the economic summit of Pacific Rim countries to discuss immigration.	World
Services experience substantial enhancements in Japan. The tertiary index indicates almost twice the expected numbers, strengthening the yen and helping the Nikkei to tackle oil difficulties. LONDON (Reuters) - The yen hit a four-week high against the dollar on Friday as unanticipated robust data from the Japanese service sector heightened optimism concerning the ...	Business
Former WorldCom Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers' attorneys are requesting immunity for two witnesses who they think may exonerate their client from fraud allegations tied to the company's $11 billion accounting scandal, as indicated in court documents submitted on Wednesday.	Business
On Wednesday, in Riyadh, the capital city of Saudi Arabia, three suspected Muslim militants shot and killed a Briton, as reported by security sources and diplomats.	World
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in response to U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian region of Bosnia stepped down on Friday, merely a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's chief international administrator enacted sanctions on Bosnian Serbs due to their inability to detain and extradite war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Perry endorses financial support for APS as new accusations arise. The state's Adult Protective Services agency is set to receive an immediate allocation of $10 million to tackle the kinds of problems that have surfaced in El Paso.	Business
Winning NFL Turnover Battle Matters (AP) AP - Joe Gibbs had encountered it previously, though he couldn't recall: On December 7, 1986, his Washington Redskins committed seven turnovers and were defeated by the New York Giants.	Sports
The kidnappers in Kabul have disclosed their demands. A militant organization is warning that it will execute three UN hostages taken in Afghanistan, one of whom is a British woman, if all Taliban detainees are not freed.	World
Kwame Brown of the Wizards has received a one-game suspension from the team on Thursday as a result of his conduct during the previous night's game against Denver.	Sports
Africa adopts a firm position on coups. The detention of Margaret Thatcher's son last week serves as the most recent instance of a crackdown on insurrections.	World
One person has been killed and 15 others have been injured following an explosion in a marketplace in the Khuzdar district of Balochistan, as reported by The News. According to police officials, the explosive device was hidden within a bicycle.	World
Input your email: If you cannot outperform Google, enhance it instead—that appears to be the takeaway from A9.com, Amazon's fascinating new search platform. For online searches, A9 essentially presents Google’s results, but it offers much more—for example	Tech
Discus Champion Disqualified from Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus titleholder Robert Fazekas will forfeit his gold medal and be removed from the Games after violating doping regulations, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Tuesday.	Sports
11 Fatalities in a Vehicle Explosion in Kabul KABUL (Masnet & News Agencies) - At least eleven individuals, among them two US nationals, lost their lives when a truck bomb detonated in central Kabul, marking the second lethal explosion to hit Afghanistan during the weekend.	World
Mich. Elephant Receives Treatment for Arthritis ROYAL OAK, Mich. - Just like any other patient, Wanda requires encouragement to struggle through her physical rehabilitation...	World
Tabbed browsing, a popular function found in numerous web browsers, has a security flaw that puts users at risk of spoofing attacks, research company Secunia warned on Wednesday.	Tech
The Reds have decided to exercise Miley's option for 2005. Reds general manager Dan O'Brien stated on Sunday what he has been alluding to for the past month or thereabouts: Dave Miley and his coaching staff will return for the 2005 season.	Sports
Johnny Kelley, a two-time champion of the Boston Marathon who is remembered fondly in the race's history for completing it a record 61 times, passed away at the age of 97.	Sports
Phelps Targets Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Michael Phelps concentrated on securing his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, redirecting his focus on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and concluding with the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Yukos plans to reorganize before the auction. The Russian oil firm Yukos declared yesterday that its leadership is formulating an immediate strategy to maintain the company’s operations for a few months, despite the auction of its most prized asset in December.	Business
Saks reveals plans to close stores. Saks states that closing underperforming locations will enable the company to concentrate on its more "effective" outlets and enhance its brand further.	Business
Nextel and Sprint are engaged in discussions that may result in a merger between the two mobile phone companies, sources familiar with the negotiations indicated on Thursday.	Business
US rules regarding stock options have been completed. On Thursday, the US implemented a new accounting standard requiring companies to deduct the expense of stock options from their earnings, a decision strongly contested by Silicon.	Business
Diverted London Aircraft Approved for Safety A law enforcement inquiry has concluded that there is no threat to a Greek jet bound for New York, which was forced to make an urgent landing in the UK following a bomb threat mentioning Iraq, officials announced on Monday.	World
LG Electronics and Matsushita PDP Conflict TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- On Tuesday, South Korea's LG Electronics Inc. announced that it would respond with a countermeasure against Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.	Business
Israeli Labour and Sharon are in discussions for a coalition. Peace negotiations have commenced between Israel's opposition Labour party and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon. Shimon Peres, the leader of Labour, stated that his party seeks assurances that the government will implement its	World
The FCC stated that permitting cable TV users to select their channels &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Federal authorities dismissed on Friday the notion that enabling cable TV customers to pay solely for the channels they prefer would reduce expensive cable fees.	Business
Daughter of Activist Fights Against Castro (AP) AP - Her father, a political activist, serves as her inspiration, and Sayli Navarro is resolved to replicate his efforts at any price. The gentle-spoken, articulate teenager was just 6 years old when her father was jailed for the first time for displaying signs that read "Down with Fidel."	World
The Prime Minister stated that Australia will encounter a challenging economic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard cautioned that the nation's robust dollar, elevated global oil prices, and the ongoing impacts of extended drought would hinder the country's previously flourishing economy in 2005.	World
Update 1: Thai Airways Purchases 6 Airbus Superjumbos Thai Airways has consented to acquire six Airbus A380s, making it the 13th airline to request the new "superjumbo," the European aircraft manufacturer announced on Friday.	Business
PeopleSoft enhances employee pay Business software provider PeopleSoft announced on Friday that it would be increasing compensation packages for all staff members except its chief executive in an effort that would elevate the	Business
Derek Lowe's path to achievement For Derek Lowe, two routes diverged not in a golden woodland, as New England's revered poet Robert Frost depicted, but on the green meadows of Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and Busch Stadium.	Sports
Prosecutor Requests 8-Year Prison Sentence for Italy's PM MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian prosecutor requested that a court on Friday impose an eight-year prison term on Silvio Berlusconi for bribing judges as the prime minister's four-year corruption trial neared its conclusion.	World
Dell issues a recall for four million power adapters Approximately 4.4 million AC adapters that were sold globally with Dell laptops from September 1998 to February 2002 were recalled on Friday due to a risk of overheating, potentially resulting in a fire or electric shock, according to Dell.	Tech
Red Sox star Ortiz awarded ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The largest comeback in postseason baseball history started when David Ortiz experienced one of the most remarkable days in baseball history.	Sports
Two weightlifters representing Azerbaijan have received permanent bans from competition following positive tests for prohibited substances, marking the initial doping cases of the Athens Paralympics, officials announced on Wednesday.	Sports
Cisco becomes a member of the WiMax Forum. The networking giant officially commits to the wireless broadband organization as its membership grows.	Tech
Nikkei Declines Because of Exporters TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average in Tokyo dropped 2 percent at the start on Monday as investors distanced themselves from exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. following a decline in the dollar below 107 yen, which heightened worries about their profits.	Business
Scheduled encounter for private rocket enthusiasts LAS VEGAS - A three-seater rocket plane with short wings and a nose covered in round windows will make an attempt to break free from Earth's atmosphere today above the Mojave Desert, aiming to secure a US$10 million ($15).	Tech
Pudge and Guillen leave because of injuries. The Tigers faced the loss of their two All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, due to knee injuries sustained during separate plays in Saturday's match against the Twins.	Sports
Downer praises terrorism charges THE national government has expressed backing for the formal terrorism charges against Indonesian extremist cleric Abu Bakar Bashir. A representative for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer stated that the charges indicated	World
New York Presents Its Final, Strongest Proposal to Secure the Olympics in 2012 Officials from the NYC2012 committee emphasized New York's strengths in diversity, financial resources, and media influence.	Sports
Rumsfeld Suggests Possibility of Restricted Iraq Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Thursday suggested that certain regions of Iraq might be omitted from the elections set for January if security could not be assured.	World
Infocus: Implementing Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This piece explores Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, enabling administrators to isolate mobile users and assess their security status prior to granting them unrestricted access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Hasbro's No Conehead, its Saturday Night Live adaptation of "Trivial Pursuit," is an effective approach for keeping up with age compression.	Business
Tech Companies and FBI Collaborate to Combat 'Phishing' Scams (Reuters) Reuters - Online businesses and law enforcement organizations announced on Wednesday their intention to join forces in the pursuit of online con artists who impersonate banks and other legitimate enterprises, a tactic referred to as "phishing."	Tech
The OQO Should Operate on Linux \\This small OQO device is definitely quite impressive. The main issue\though is that it does not operate on Linux.\\This results in having a gadget that is heavier than your PDA and all the vulnerabilities and\bloat of Windows with a price tag of just under \$2000.\\Consumers generally do not mind what OS their PDA/Handtop uses. It can use an alternative OS\and for the majority, users are indifferent. WinCE hasn't precisely been a remarkable\market triumph. While Microsoft holds a substantial market share, PalmOS,\Symbian, and Linux are performing adequately. Moreover, most WinCE devices never\exhibit the quality and polish of their Palm and Symbian equivalents.\\I am uncertain about where OQO envisions their niche. If they were to  ...\\	Tech
Teresa Heinz Kerry, spouse of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, reported 2,291,137 dollars in total taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, which amounts to approximately 35 percent, as stated by her office.	World
Fresh effort to throw out Jackson lawsuit Lawyers for Michael Jackson contend that the case concerning the singer's purported child molestation should be dropped.	World
A judge in Montgomery County has determined that Maryland's law against spam is unconstitutional as it attempts to govern business transactions outside of the state's boundaries.	Tech
Darfur Rebels Call on Nigeria to Step In, Revive Sudan Peace Efforts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders of the rebels from Sudan's Darfur area urged Nigeria on Thursday to take action and revive the African Union-backed negotiations regarding the crisis in western Sudan.	World
ESPN.com news services HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros head into today’s game against the Colorado Rockies aware that a win will secure them an unexpected playoff spot.	Sports
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has once more rejected the players' union's suggestions for a luxury tax as the league's lockout persists.	Sports
Michigan State Stuns Wisconsin EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Jason Teague, who rushed for 112 yards and a touchdown on 17 carries, caught a touchdown pass in the second quarter to break a tie and assist Michigan State in achieving a 49-14 victory over.	Sports
Pictures: Nintendo matures--slightly The Nintendo DS features a touch-responsive display and is aimed at a more mature audience.	Tech
Worn out Massu Survives Fish for Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A fatigued Nicolas Massu defeated Mardy Fish in five grueling sets on Sunday to secure Chile their second gold medal at the Olympic Games less than a day after assisting them to their first.	Sports
Turkey Confronts Lengthy Journey Toward EU Membership The European Commission's careful suggestion that Turkey commence membership discussions brings the nation closer to fulfilling its aspiration of joining Europe -- but	World
Ocean Spray intends to purchase Northland Assets to improve its fruit receiving and concentrating activities in the leading cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.	Business
In the recaptured Iraqi city, dangers remain. U.S. troops have held Tall Afar since Sunday, following fierce clashes the previous week. On Tuesday, soldiers, guided by an Iraqi referred to as "The Source," reentered the city and looked for insurgents.	World
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - An exciting pitching duel is scheduled at Fenway Park tonight as Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox host Mike Mussina and the despised New York Yankees for yet another installment in baseball's most intense rivalry.	Sports
NFL Game Recap - Detroit vs. Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - David Garrard connected with Jimmy Smith for a 36-yard touchdown throw 5:28 into overtime to elevate Jacksonville past Detroit, 23-17, in an exciting match at Alltel Stadium.	Sports
Florida's prepaid tuition initiative is flourishing. Having already become the largest of its type in the nation, Florida's widely embraced prepaid-tuition program anticipates reaching its millionth enrollee during the enrollment phase that lasts from Monday to January 31.	Business
Chargers to commence Brees in Houston, beyond com. The San Diego Chargers declared on Monday that Drew Brees will begin the 2004 season opener against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium.	Sports
Microsoft concludes a three-year agreement with the government. Following its 10-year strategic partnership with the London Borough of Newham, Microsoft is nearing the completion of a new extensive three-year public sector contract with the government.	Tech
A bomb was discovered close to Berlusconi's residence. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi (left) takes a stroll with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his spouse Cherie Blair at Berlusconi's villa on Monday. AP ...	World
Tokyo Stocks Flat, Focus on Data TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks held steady in mid-morning trading on Monday as positive sentiment about the domestic economic outlook failed to offset profit-taking that affected recent top performers such as insurers and real estate companies.	Business
Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE.O and Yahoo Inc. YHOO.O announced on Monday that they have reached an agreement to merge Adobe's services, such as its popular document-sharing application, with Yahoo's web search capabilities.	Tech
EPA: U.S. Waterways Have Contaminated Fish (AP) AP - One in three lakes across the United States, and almost 25% of the country's rivers have levels of pollution that individuals should restrict or refrain from consuming fish caught in those waters.	Tech
Nokia eliminates hazardous batteries Helsinki - Nokia, the largest mobile phone manufacturer globally, intends to label its authentic batteries with a hologram as part of its efforts to combat unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries - some of which have detonated in users' hands.	Tech
New Unemployment Claims Rise; Import Prices Surge Higher In a separate report, import prices excluding petroleum recorded the highest rise in 10 months, potentially serving as an early indicator of inflation due to the weaker dollar.	Business
Proposal Aims to Revive Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year initiative would rehabilitate salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, over a century after the farmland was drained and diked.	Tech
Sidebar: Microsoft Joins Data Backup Market SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft’s disclosure of a disk-to-disk backup program intended to unify data backups on Windows servers positions the firm to rival storage management veterans like Veritas.	Tech
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' a Technical Masterpiece (AP) AP - It has been six years since Valve Corporation perfected the first-person shooter genre with "Half-Life." The gaming industry has advanced considerably since that time, showcasing improved graphics and a wider array of options than ever before. Yet, relatively few games have reached the same level of memorable characters and groundbreaking science fiction storytelling as this one.	Tech
NASD Cautions Against Dangerous Home-Equity Investment WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A significant number of affluent homeowners in America are taking out loans against their properties to invest in the stock market, the brokerages regulator NASD cautioned on Wednesday.	Business
Skype Telephony Now Accessible for the Mac Skype for Windows, Skype for Pocket PC and Skype for Linux -- Skype for Mac OS X is complimentary. Skype users can manage their online visibility and	Tech
Nouakchott, Mauritania - On Saturday, officials announced the capture of the supposed mastermind behind a series of thwarted coup and assassination plots targeting Mauritania's leaders.	World
Cali Cartel Leader Deported to U.S. on Drug Allegations BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The ex-leader of the Cali drug cartel, who previously held dominance over the majority of the global cocaine trade, was dispatched to the United States on Friday to confront trafficking and money laundering allegations.	World
Pires is prepared to face a punishment for wearing the wrong uniform. Arsenal player Robert Pires mentioned on Monday that he is willing to accept a fine for not wearing the official sponsor's clothing of the French team during a television interview that took place last month.	Sports
Melrose falls short Melrose approached its Thanksgiving Day clash with Wakefield as an unbeaten force headed for the playoffs. However, Wakefield has thwarted the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no different.	Sports
Supporters Pay Tribute to Icon Clough Today, thousands of football supporters paused to pay their respects to the life and accomplishments of iconic manager Brian Clough. A communal tribute took place in Nottingham's city center and a minute	Sports
ROGER #39;S PREPARED Roger Federer states he #39;s prepared to change the perception of being too gentle to triumph in New York. The world #39;s top-ranked player from Switzerland has participated in three US Opens and has been eliminated in the fourth round on each occasion.	Sports
Florida Shocks No. 10 Florida State 20-13 Florida State's Chauncey Stovall, on the left, makes a touchdown reception in the fourth quarter as Florida defender Vernell Brown, on the right, falls down, Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla.	Sports
WWW KOTV.com _ Almost 800 British soldiers departed from their base in southern Iraq on Wednesday, moving north towards Baghdad to substitute US troops who are anticipated to engage in an operation against insurgent strongholds.	World
Email and Instant Messaging Converge ICQ, an instant messaging platform owned by America Online, along with Mail2World Inc., a firm that provides messaging and collaboration solutions, declared this week a free upgrade to the ICQmail service that	Tech
Fierce fighting continues in Mosul MOSUL, Iraq -- US and Iraqi forces launched an assault on police stations and areas controlled by insurgents in this northern city on Tuesday, reclaiming several locations that were taken over last week by armed men who rebelled in support of militants in Fallujah.	World
IBM Introduces Innovative Storage Solution IBM has recently introduced the TotalStorage DS6000, a system approximately the size of a VCR, designed for medium-sized enterprises. The latest DS8000 series system incorporates IBM Power5 microprocessors and IBM #39;s Virtualization.	Tech
Liberation Progressing in Iraq, Bush Tells Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush said on Thursday that progress in liberation was occurring in Iraq, even though a U.S. intelligence report presented a bleak outlook for the country's future.	World
The Department of Energy is financing open-source initiatives related to InfiniBand. A three-year initiative will support developers in their efforts to develop Linux software compatibility for this high-speed networking technology.	Tech
46 Dead, 270 Wounded in Iraqi Conflict Baghdad, Sept. 8 (NNN): Violent confrontations on Tuesday between US troops and Shia militants resulted in over 46 fatalities, including six US servicemen, across Iraq in the last 24 hours, according to officials on Wednesday.	World
Mobile digital home entertainment is gaining popularity. High-end theater entertainment systems are being integrated into vehicles. Is the rush hour prepared for wireless file sharing? &lt;br /&gt; Image gallery: Consumer devices go for a ride.	Tech
Overtime Goal Earns Canada a Place in World Cup Hockey Final Vincent Lecavalier #39's goal 3:45 into overtime provided Canada with an exciting 4-3 victory over the Czech Republic on Saturday, securing their spot in the World Cup of Hockey final.	Sports
Intel Reveals Its Desktop Plan for 2005 Intel's offerings for the digital household and workplace in 2005 will provide consumers and IT managers with functionalities that go beyond simple performance, and the company intends to showcase these products similarly to how it promoted its Centrino mobile technology, Intel.	Tech
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report <p></p><p> By Ignacio Badal</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos was presented with a troubling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed over 30,000 victims to record for the first time the systematic application of torture during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship from 1973 to 1990.<p>	World
Fed #39;s Pianalto optimistic regarding growth, inflation WASHINGTON: The Federal Reserve #39;s strategy of gradually raising interest rates suggests that the US economy does not need the assistance that low rates offer, as mentioned by Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.	Business
Cingular Wireless plans to eliminate approximately 7,000 positions, which accounts for 10 percent of its workforce, in an effort to reduce expenses as it incorporates the recently acquired AT&T Wireless, the company announced on Tuesday.	Tech
Wrigley is acquiring the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint brands from Kraft Foods for 800 million. This transaction enables Wrigley to grow in the candy segment, while permitting Kraft to concentrate on the remainder of its food operations.	Business
The weather in Florida might benefit the citrus industry in Israel. While the Sunshine State recovers from Hurricane Frances, Gan Shmuel could potentially gain advantages. The most significant news for Florida's 2.8 million inhabitants this week has not come from the Republican	Business
Extracting Insights From Berkshire In addition to the recent investments in Comcast and ServiceMaster, this portfolio has experienced a relatively calm trading quarter.	Business
Sony Takes the Lead in Acquiring MGM Entertainment firms had been competing for MGM to secure access to its collection of over 4,000 films. Time Warner was initially viewed as the leading contender in this competition.	Business
Oil prices remain near all-time highs Oil prices remain slightly under Monday's record levels during Asian trading, amidst ongoing worries about global supply shortages.	Business
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Eagles clinched their fourth straight NFC East championship by causing Eli Manning to appear quite like a newcomer.	Sports
Ninth-inning collapse seals fate for Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting performances this season versus lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez.	Sports
Oil Approaches \$50 Amid Supply Concerns in Nigeria Oil prices climbed to historic levels on Monday, approaching \$50 a barrel for US crude, as Nigeria became the latest point of concern regarding supply in an already constrained global energy market.	Business
Survey: Napster and iTunes outshine other download services (MacCentral) MacCentral - On Tuesday, market research company Ipsos-Insight unveiled the results of TEMPO, a quarterly examination of digital music behaviors. The report reveals that consumers aged 12 and older in the United States demonstrated equal recognition of Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0 when it came to identifying digital music download brands -- both music platforms reached 20 percent of what TEMPO refers to as "top-of-mind" awareness.	Tech
Space Station Team Shifts Rescue Capsule The action opens the hatch on the docking port that the crew members will utilize for work missions in January and March. Furthermore, the launch of an uncrewed Progress cargo spacecraft has been delayed by one day to December 24.	Tech
Tenth-Seeded Georgia Defeats Arkansas 20-14 (AP) AP - David Greene passed for a career-best 382 yards and two touchdown passes, Thomas Brown rushed for 107 yards, and No. 10 Georgia managed to fend off Arkansas 20-14.	Sports
The victorious candidate of the presidential election on November 2 will take on significant budget and trade deficits, which present considerable economic challenges that will provide scant relief for President George W. Bush or opponent John Kerry.	World
Icahn Targets The Elevated River NEW YORK - What prompts Carl Icahn to focus on the comparatively minor Mylan Laboratories, a generic pharmaceutical firm with only $1.5 billion in revenue and a $4.3 billion market valuation?	Business
Baxter Halts Flu Vaccine Trial; Mentions Side Effects Baxter International Inc. announced on Thursday that it discontinued a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine due to elevated-than-anticipated occurrences of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Panathinaikos 2, Arsenal 2 Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann faced embarrassment in Athens as two critical errors stopped his team from achieving a Champions League win once more.	Sports
Ashado freed herself to seize victory in the Distaff. Ashado encountered difficulties in locating a clear path during the stretch of the Breeders' Cup Distaff on Saturday. However, once she found it, she rapidly pulled ahead of her competitors.	Sports
Record-breaking Warne surpasses Murali in Madras - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne may have displayed only brief moments of his brilliance in India, but he still has numerous reasons to be pleased after breaking the Test cricket bowling record in Madras on Friday.	Sports
Kerry Asserts He's in a 'Fighting Spirit' (AP) AP - Democratic Senator John Kerry remarked on Saturday that he’s in a ""fighting spirit"" with only two months left before the presidential election as his backers protected him from questions about his courage during the Vietnam War.	World
U.S. Jet Strikes Residence in Fallujah (AP) AP - An American aircraft launched a missile at a residence where approximately 10 members of an al-Qaida-affiliated group were thought to be convening in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, according to police and the U.S. military. At least three individuals were killed.	World
Pharmaceutical Organizations Address EPC Concerns Sept. 30, 2004 In response to requests from drug retailers, distributors, and manufacturers, EPCglobal has established a new action group to focus specifically on the pharmaceutical sector.	Tech
Microsoft's Chief Financial Officer: Expect more acquisitions. Microsoft may look to become a more decentralized company as it evaluates substantial future acquisitions, CFO John Connors mentioned yesterday.	Tech
Schwarzenegger Promises to Uphold Emissions Legislation Toyota, General Motors, and seven additional automakers have initiated legal action to prevent California's recently enacted greenhouse gas regulation, which was ratified by the state in September.	World
Lego and Carrefour Under Investigation for Price Fixing in France (AP) AP - French competition regulators are looking into Danish toy manufacturer Lego Systems AS and supermarket chain Carrefour SA as part of an investigation into purported price fixing in the French toy sector during 2002 and early 2003.	Business
Specialists Anticipate Eruption at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - The series of tremors at Mount St. Helens grew stronger on Thursday, and a researcher estimated the likelihood of a minor eruption occurring within the next few days at 70 percent.	Tech
Sharon to Hold Difficult Gathering With Settlers JERUSALEM - After more than a year of evading Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has opted to directly engage his former supporters in a discussion regarding his controversial plan to pull out from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank. Sharon has summoned settler leaders to convene with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just one week prior to presenting his ""disengagement"" plan to parliament...	World
The Supreme Court is set to consider a request from Zee tomorrow. A group of five judges from the highest court will review a petition submitted by Zee Telefilms on Tuesday. A three-judge panel of the Supreme Court indicated that a five-judge bench will address the issue that jeopardizes the rights of India #39;s.	Sports
Mobile phone initiative tackles domestic violence A campaign has begun to gather used mobile phones and transform them into alarms for women facing attacks in their homes.	Tech
Over a billion children are deprived of their childhood. More than one billion children globally confront a harsh reality due to poverty, conflict, and AIDS, as reported by the UN children's organization.	World
Three police officials indicted for Beslan siege ROSTOV-ON-DON, RUSSIA - Three Russian law enforcement officers have been accused of criminal negligence related to the Beslan school hostage crisis that resulted in 360 fatalities, nearly half of whom were children.	World
Strong earthquake hits Hokkaido SAPPORO -- A notably intense earthquake hit eastern Hokkaido, northern Japan, late on Monday night, and many people suffered minor injuries, as reported by officials.	World
According to the UN, Serbia and the Bosnian Serb region of Bosnia-Herzegovina have not succeeded in delivering war crimes suspects to the tribunal, as stated by Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte to the Security Council.	World
India's budget airline targets business travelers (AFP) AFP - India's first low-cost airline, Air Deccan, intends to secure 50 million dollars in private equity by selling a 26 percent share and also seeks to penetrate the corporate business jet market, according to its chairman.	World
India's Tata has a strong introduction. Shares in the Indian software services behemoth Tata Consultancy surged by 16 on their market introduction, generating \$1.2bn for the firm.	World
Intel Increases Dividend Twofold, Raises Stock Buyback by $11.5 Billion (Update2) Intel Corp., the largest computer-chip manufacturer globally, doubled its quarterly dividend and increased its stock buyback initiative by $11.	Business
Ironman champion admits to drug use Nina Kraft, the victor of last month's Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai'i, admitted yesterday that she had taken the prohibited endurance-enhancing substance EPO.	Sports
Vietnam expresses profound sorrow over the passing of Palestinian leader #39; Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) -  quot;We are profoundly touched and saddened by the passing of President Yasser Arafat, the President of the Palestinian State and the President of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, quot; stated Foreign Ministry spokesperson Le Dung.	World
China Critiques the "Bush Doctrine" Before US Elections On the brink of the US election, China criticized what it referred to as the "Bush doctrine," stating that the Iraq war has dismantled the global anti-terror coalition and attributed the issues troubling the United States globally to arrogance.	World
Blair and Bush are scheduled to meet next week as Middle Eastern concerns rise. British Prime Minister Tony Blair, a strong advocate for advancements in Middle East peace negotiations and one of the closest allies of the United States, will meet with President Bush, as announced by the White House on Saturday.	World
Stocks in Movement: Claire's Shares of Claire's Stores (CLE:NYSE - news - research) were among the NYSE's laggards on Thursday, dropping 15 after the firm revealed third-quarter results that did not meet analysts' expectations and gave a caution regarding the fourth quarter.	Business
Olympics-U.S. Women Demonstrate to Men How to Achieve Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women's basketball team illustrated to their male counterparts how to secure gold on Saturday as approximately 70,000 spectators gathered at the Olympic stadium for a busy athletics schedule on the second-to-last night of the Athens Games.	Sports
Scientists have found that a fungus from a deep-sea sediment core, which is hundreds of thousands of years old, will grow when cultured in the laboratory.	World
Premier acquires Bird's custard Bird's custard and Angel Delight have returned to British ownership following a £70m agreement revealed yesterday. The well-known brands have been purchased by Premier Foods, which owns Ambrosia custard and Rowntree's jelly, from the American food conglomerate Kraft.	Business
Bush Attributes Bulge to Badly Constructed Shirt (AP) AP - President Bush recognizes the worth #151; and the amusement #151; in the notion that his aides might discreetly provide him with suggestions via a radio receiver concealed on his back.	World
Saddam Hussein had a meeting with a defense attorney on Thursday, marking the first time since his capture a year prior, just days ahead of several of his key aides scheduled to appear in court for hearings regarding alleged war crimes.	World
Red Sox Under Pressure from 0-2 Start in ALCS (AP) AP - The infield at Fenway Park was shrouded with a grimy white tarp on a bleak day. If the Boston Red Sox do not begin winning soon, the darkness will persist throughout the winter. The Red Sox came back home Thursday after losing the first two games of the AL championship series to the Yankees in New York. As their practice got underway, Boston revealed that ace Curt Schilling's injured ankle will keep him from pitching in Game 5 and possibly the remainder of the postseason.	Sports
Mexico's Fox Unveils Human Rights Initiative (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox revealed a strategy on Friday aimed at enhancing Mexico's troubled human rights history, committing to eliminate torture and to ensure that corrupt and abusive officials face repercussions for improper arrests and poor law enforcement practices.	World
IBM and four partners announced on Wednesday what they describe as a "significant advancement" in identity management aimed at assisting businesses and government entities in safeguarding their assets, including IT infrastructure and physical locations, against unauthorized access.	Tech
The union's proposal to resolve the lockout, presented on Thursday at the league's Canadian headquarters, suggests a tax that would punish -- and potentially discourage -- high-end payrolls.	Sports
The Blu-ray Disc Association (BRDA) has chosen Microsoft's VC-9 video codec for upcoming BD-ROM content, the organization announced today.	Tech
Cubs trailed as Chicago loses wild-card position after the ninth inning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austin Kearns is aware that he #39;ll return to Louisville, Ky., once the regular season concludes on Sunday. The Cincinnati Reds outfielder did all he could on Wednesday to prevent the Chicago Cubs.	Sports
Once more, the Mets falter as the season draws to a close. A year prior, the Mets were heading nowhere when they secured a sweep against the first-place Atlanta Braves in a three-game series at Shea Stadium during the first three days of September.	Sports
Toshiba secures backing for HD DVD Four movie studios are anticipated to launch films on the new HD format in the final quarter of 2005. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.	Tech
The NFL has reached its halfway point. It's time to distribute some accolades. As we approach the midseason of the NFL, I've managed quite well over the last few months to act as if I don't report on the sport for SI.	Sports
Bush Appears Susceptible to Kerry Among Nonpartisan Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who has a significant advantage in certain surveys, still seems to be at risk against Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose changing allegiances could decide the outcome of the November election, pollsters indicate.	World
Tropical Storm Hits Coastal S.C. CHARLESTON, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston pummeled the South Carolina coastline with heavy rain and winds close to hurricane strength early Sunday, inundating roadways and leaving at least 75,000 homes without power...	World
Lewis University has been placed on probation for a duration of four years (AP) because of several violations concerning its men's volleyball team, which claimed a national championship title last year that the university has now forfeited.	Sports
With diligence, Dana-Farber gains insights from '94 errors Nurse Teresa Mazeika has been familiar with the woman crocheting in the blue reclining chair for several months. However, she inquires Carolyn Harlow her name and birthdate nonetheless, as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood malignancy. Mazeika, a 17-year nursing professional at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, is not taking any risks that she is about to administer the medication to the incorrect patient.	Business
King Pong Draws Fans Spike TV's Video Game Awards Ceremony attracts significant celebrities and musical groups, yet gives fans the opportunity to cast their votes.	Tech
Hey buddy, we're heading offshore as well! Australia's IT News shares the results of a recent survey revealing that over 20 percent of company executives indicated they were thinking about or endorsing offshore outsourcing. Outsourcing Blog	Tech
Three Individuals Killed at Afghan Checkpoint KABUL (Reuters) - A male and two females were killed by Afghan and U.S.-led forces after their car sped through a checkpoint on Saturday, according to a statement from the U.S. military.	World
Wall Street: Is the rally set to persist into December? Up to this point, Wall Street's anticipated fourth-quarter rally has fulfilled investors' hopes. However, there has been sufficient negative news recently to raise doubts about whether the buying will falter.	Business
Benitez commended Gerrard's role Rafael Benitez commended the captain's display of Steven Gerrard after his sensational late goal secured Liverpool a spot in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday.	Sports
Jaguars Let Go of Compton, Maddox (AP) AP - Seasoned offensive lineman Mike Compton and rookie defensive tackle Anthony Maddox were among the 12 players cut by the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday.	Sports
California's employee pension fund offers its PeopleSoft shares to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The California Employees Retirement System (Calpers) is proposing to tender its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc.	Business
Intel withdraws from the chip speed roller coaster: Technology India: New York, Oct 19: The world's leading computer chip maker Intel has moved away from the chip speed roller coaster by taking its four gigahertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 processor out of the planning phase.	Tech
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in reaction to U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The head of the Serbian part of Bosnia declared his resignation on Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's leading international administrator imposed sanctions on Bosnian Serbs due to their inability to capture and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Shell Alerts of Potential Reductions in Oil and Gas Reserves The alert was issued during its earnings announcement and on a day when Shell stated it would combine the two parts that constitute the company, consolidating the boards and management.	Business
Treasuries Decline as Equities Surge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury bond prices declined on Monday, although traders described the shift as profit-taking instead of any fundamental shift in sentiment.	Business
No. 17 Rutgers Defeats South Dakota State (AP) AP - Freshman guard Matee Ajavon netted 29 points to guide Rutgers past South Dakota State 68-50 on Thursday during the inaugural game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the U.S. Virgin Islands.	Sports
U.S. telecommunications equipment manufacturer Avaya Inc. expanded its footprint in Europe by approximately $635 million on Tuesday, reaching an agreement to purchase German enterprise communications company Tenovis GmbH & Co. KG.	Tech
Articulate Well and Bring a Handbook A decade after introducing its initial dream house, Microsoft has launched a fresh demonstration residence featuring technology that Microsoft is wagering will become standard in the coming years.	Tech
President Bush pledges a robust dollar strategy while meeting with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office at the White House on Wednesday, December 15, 2004, in Washington.	Business
A Trojan horse delivers spam to mobile phones, according to a security company, as compromised computers dispatch a barrage of unsolicited text messages.	Tech
Eleusis triumphs in the Long Island Handicap; Personal Legend secures victory in the Turnback the... Eleusis marked a successful debut in the US by defeating Literacy by 2 lengths in Aqueduct's Saturday highlight, the Grade II, $150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares aged 3 and above.	Sports
Research: Wolves' Return Alters Ecosystem (AP) AP - Researchers examining the wider impacts of wolf reintroduction have indicated that an increasing amount of evidence implies that the elimination of predators like wolves and grizzly bears over the past hundred years initiated a chain reaction of effects that disrupted ecosystem stability.	Tech
Forecasting where a hurricane will make landfall this season is challenging, as the current active phase of Atlantic hurricanes has been characterized by several inaccuracies in predictions by tropical.	Tech
Cummins' third-quarter earnings have surpassed four times, as the engine manufacturer Cummins Inc. disclosed on Wednesday that its profits for this period have increased by more than fourfold - outpacing both its own forecasts and Wall Street's predictions - and that annual earnings would also exceed earlier expectations.	Business
Federal Authorities Mum on Pre-Election Terror Risk (AP) AP - Officials from the FBI, Justice Department, and Homeland Security Department are mostly silent regarding the possible risk of a terrorist act intended to disrupt the election taking place in two weeks.	World
Medtronic Quarterly Net Increases CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday announced that its quarterly profits climbed due to strong demand for devices that regulate irregular heartbeats and products utilized for spinal treatments.	Business
Tapping into Earnings The most recent figures from the US Department of Commerce reinforce what we have all assumed: Online sales are on the rise. One could not only assume that consumer confidence has improved since last year, there ...	Business
AA opts for an easy route on expense reductions PENNY-PINCHING American Airlines will eliminate pillows from 50% of its aircraft to cut costs by $300,000 (£163,000) annually. Although these savings are minor compared to the $4 billion per year American has reduced.	Business
No. 12 Virginia will be missing essential defensive player Charlottesville, VA (Sports Network) - The No. 12 ranked Virginia Cavaliers will be without defensive end Chris Canty for the rest of the season.	Sports
Immigrants moved to large cities, but were less likely to secure employment: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The majority of the nearly two million immigrants who came to Canada in the 1990s made their homes in one of the nation's 27 census metropolitan areas, yet still faced greater difficulty in finding jobs compared to natural-born citizens, as reported by Statistics Canada on Wednesday.	World
No immediate resolution in Boeing-Airbus discussions World Trade Organization (WTO) negotiations regarding a transatlantic conflict over aircraft subsidies are unlikely to result in a rapid solution for what might be the largest commercial disagreement in WTO history, officials and analysts cautioned on Wednesday.	Business
Judge Authorizes Disclosure of Kobe Evidence (AP) AP - On Wednesday, a judge granted permission for the release of documents and other materials connected to the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case.	Sports
Subaru World Rally Team - Rally GB, Leg 1 Update Petter Solberg showcased his potential for victory in his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 today, achieving three stage victories and concluding Leg one in second place overall.	Sports
Oil prices are poised to take center stage The cost of oil seems ready to make news as experts predict that its unprecedented surge might persist.	Business
Camacho #39;steps down from Bernabeu #39; Real Madrid manager Jose Antonio Camacho has stepped down following the team's disappointing beginning to the season, as per reports from Spain. Cadena Ser radio stated that Camacho informed Real chairman Florentino Perez of his decision to resign.	Sports
Labor advocates are calling on the Senate to block the new overtime rules suggested by the Bush administration, which critics argue would strip 6 million American workers of their overtime compensation.	World
Excited Phelps Claims Gold for the First Time Michael Phelps secured the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and established a world record with a time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.	Sports
Criminals are creeping into the Internet's dark corners (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Organized crime groups and small-time crooks are flocking to the web like startups during the booming '90s, creating a multibillion-dollar underground economy in just a few years. The Internet's expansion as an economic powerhouse, especially for financial transactions, is fueling the criminal frenzy.	Tech
Einstein has been confirmed again. An experiment with two orbiting satellites has shown that as the Earth spins, it drags space and time along, much like a top in syrup.	Tech
During their rivalry in the Bay State Conference, the field hockey squads from Needham and Framingham have faced off on two occasions this autumn, with each team achieving a win in one of the closely contested 1-0 matches.	Sports
BOND REPORT CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys stayed firmly lower on Wednesday following the election results that showed President Bush leading Democratic contender John Kerry.	Business
Nokia anticipates a robust demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005. According to Anssi Vanjoki, executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia, the company predicts that global smartphone shipments will rise to 238 million units by 2008, up from 23 million this year.	Tech
Red Hat partners with Netscape to improve its product line. The Linux vendor plans to release the Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software to broaden its offerings beyond its main product.	Tech
Oil shipments persist as strike anxieties lessen. A countrywide strike in Nigeria, which has raised fears regarding oil supply from the world’s seventh-largest exporter, is anticipated to finish its first phase on Thursday "if everything proceeds smoothly," as stated by union officials.	World
Seattle Receiver Koren Robinson has been suspended for four games without pay by the NFL on Monday for breaching the league's substance-abuse policy.	Sports
Soccer Coach Raymond Goethals Passes Away at 83 (AP) AP - Raymond Goethals, the Belgian soccer manager who guided Olympique Marseille to victory in the 1993 European Champions Cup, has passed away on Monday, as per news reports. He was 83 years old.	Sports
Oil prices surge to all-time high The cost of oil has persisted in its steep increase overnight, finishing at an unprecedented peak. The primary contract in New York, light sweet crude for next month’s delivery, has settled at an all-time \$US46.75 per barrel - up 70 cents from yesterday’s closing.	World
Opel's management and labor representatives initiated discussions on Monday regarding the contentious large-scale layoffs confronting its employees.	Business
The US Supreme Court is being asked to decide on the rights of homosexuals regarding child adoption (AFP) AFP - The American Civil Liberties Union, the prominent civil rights organization in the US, has submitted a petition to the US Supreme Court concerning the adoption rights of homosexual individuals.	World
Stocks See Slight Uptick As Oil Prices Decrease NEW YORK - A significant decline in oil prices provided Wall Street with a small relief rally on Monday, as stocks inched higher following the news that oil production had increased in September. Investors who had been offloading stocks for several months due to rising oil prices altered their approach on Monday and began purchasing again as the crude price dropped...	World
Pfizer Raises Alert on Bextra Skin Hazards  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; announced on Friday it is providing further details to healthcare professionals regarding its arthritis medication Bextra, a COX-2 drug in the same category as the withdrawn medication Vioxx.	Business
THIERRY HEELS THE WOUNDS THE SIGN of brilliance is to create the unforeseen. The evidence of genius is to achieve it repeatedly. Thierry Henry is a remarkable genius.	Sports
The MPAA enhances its initiatives against piracy as Hollywood studios commenced legal actions on Tuesday against the computer server providers they claim are the technological intermediaries enabling online film theft.	Tech
Davenport Moves Forward in U.S. Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport's successful summer continued on Thursday as the fifth-seeded former U.S. Open champion triumphed over Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2, moving on to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam event...	World
Socialites come together to support dolphin groups. According to scientists, dolphin groups, referred to as "pods," depend on socialites to prevent their collapse.	Tech
Vocalist: Minaya comes back home NEW YORK -- Omar Minaya stood behind a tiny lectern in a gloomy room deep within Shea Stadium, and let his life pass before his eyes.	Sports
Wineries seek intervention from the supreme court to alter shipping regulations. A patron inquired of vintner Leon Santoro this week whether he could send a case of wine to the patron's residence in New York. Not in accordance with the law, Santoro replied, who is the general manager of Orfila Vineyards & Winery located in Escondido.	Business
Bush and Kerry Concentrate on Safety Issues Presidential candidates combed through the Midwest on Thursday seeking the last undecided voters, with each issuing serious alerts that the victory of their rival would endanger the security of Americans.	World
WTO Penalties on US Exports Broaden Divide in Congress Frustrated by the inequitable subsidies granted to American companies from tariffs levied on imported goods, the WTO has deepened the rift with Congress by enforcing its own penalties.	Business
India and Pakistan conclude discussions, stalemate on Kashmir (AFP) AFP - The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan conducted a final round of discussions amidst indications of advancement on secondary matters, yet the nuclear adversaries remained stuck on Kashmir.	World
Ohio State's significant plays damage Wolverines Football coaches, particularly those at Michigan, consistently emphasize the necessity of stopping the big play. Many players failed to grasp the message on Saturday.	Sports
Bovina ends two-year break. Seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina claimed her first title in two years by overcoming France's Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the final of the Pilot Pen tournament.	Sports
Grand Jury Broadens Allegations Against HealthSouth Federal prosecutors disclosed additional accusations of perjury and obstruction of justice against Richard M. Scrushy, the founder of HealthSouth Corp., charging the former CEO of the rehabilitation.	Business
Islamic Scholar, Visa Denied, Abandons U.S. Position GENEVA (Reuters) - A well-known Islamic scholar based in Switzerland on Tuesday abandoned his intentions to teach at a prestigious university in the U.S. after waiting futilely for a visa and accused the Bush administration of attempting to silence him.	World
Samsung Reveals Intentions to Expand Chip Production Samsung Electronics, the South Korean technology giant, announced on Monday its plans to invest $23.7 billion in new semiconductor manufacturing plants over the upcoming six years.	Business
Vioxx Encounters Issues from Insurers, Attorneys Merck & Co. confronts a dual challenge from health insurers and patient lawyers, following a US study that indicated its Vioxx arthritis medication poses a higher risk compared to competing drugs.	Business
Japanese baseball players and team representatives struck an agreement on Thursday to conclude the first strike in the 70-year history of baseball in Japan, with owners consenting to allow new entrants into the leagues as soon as next season.	Sports
Brown, Fratello, and the Grizzlies all emerge victorious. Hubie Brown, at 71, chose to retire as the coach of the Memphis Grizzlies, earning praise for changing a franchise that had never achieved more than 23 wins into a 50-win team in under two seasons.	Sports
mmO2: i-mode launch appears certain mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are reportedly preparing to introduce a UK i-mode mobile service. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - The highly publicized partnership between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to deliver i-mode mobile content to the UK seems to be an accomplished agreement.	Tech
Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The unexpected Toronto Raptors will aim to extend their record to 5-2 this evening as they carry on with their six-game road trip against the Portland Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden.	Sports
Poland initiates investigation into Katyn Polish war crimes prosecutors look into the 1940 killings of Polish elite individuals in Russia's Katyn Forest.	World
Microsoft is taking legal action against eight PC resellers, alleging that they have been affixing Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to counterfeit Microsoft products.	Tech
Jenson Button's choice is delayed; he will need to wait until next month to discover which Formula One team he will race for in the forthcoming season. He is eager to depart from BAR for Williams, but both teams claim they have a deal with the British driver.	Sports
Alaska Wildfires Expand to Historic 5 Million Acres (Reuters) Reuters - As of Tuesday, wildfires have burned more than 5 million acres in Alaska, according to forestry officials, marking a new record that suggests potential shifts in climate conditions and the makeup of the expansive forests.	Tech
Alex Wharf makes his debut with wickets In-form Alex Wharf had a remarkable beginning to his international career this morning, securing wickets in his first two overs against India at Trent Bridge.	Sports
Md. Board Meeting Raises Issues for Democrats A Republican-led election board met in private to address concerns that Democrats believed were aimed at ousting Elections Administrator Linda H. Lamone.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	Tech
Kmart Reports Profit in 2Q; Stock Rises (AP) AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. jumped 17 percent on Monday after the discount retailer announced a profit for the second quarter and stated that chairman and primary owner Edward Lampert can now utilize the company’s £2.6 billion in surplus cash.	Business
GM May Close Plant in Europe DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; is anticipated to cut some jobs in Europe and might potentially shut down a plant there as part of a restructuring plan being formulated to try to restore the region's profitability, the U.S. automaker announced on Wednesday.	Business
The decline in population growth 'has insufficient funding' Wealthy nations are contributing merely 50% of the promised financial support to assist in reducing global population growth, according to the UN.	Tech
Israel's Sharon survives two votes of no confidence (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has successfully navigated through two votes of no confidence in the Israeli Knesset on Monday, retaining his role as he seeks to push forward a controversial strategy for withdrawal from specific occupied regions.	World
Ovitz informed the court that Eisner obstructed crucial concepts. Michael Ovitz, the ex-president of Walt Disney Co., asserted on Tuesday that he made substantial efforts to improve the company, but often encountered opposition from CEO Michael Eisner and a particular group of senior executives who were unwilling to engage with him.	Business
British Airways Plc, the second-largest airline in Europe, is set to divest its 18 percent share in Qantas Airways Ltd., valued at 427 million or roughly \$980 million (Canadian), in order to reduce debt in anticipation of potential acquisitions in Europe.	Business
The heads of two Spanish cycling teams have condemned the way in which American Tyler Hamilton's positive test for a blood transfusion was conducted.	Sports
Baxter Stops Flu Vaccine Trial; Mentions Side Effects Baxter International Inc. announced on Thursday that it discontinued a late-stage European trial for a flu vaccine due to unexpected elevated rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Cingular Anticipates Merger Savings Surpassing Projections Cingular Wireless, the country's largest wireless provider after its merger with AT&T Wireless, announced on Wednesday that it has finished integration processes ahead of time and now anticipates that cost savings related to the merger will surpass earlier predictions.	Business
UK indicts eight individuals in a terror scheme associated with a warning in the US LONDON, AUGUST 17: On Tuesday, the UK charged eight terrorism suspects with conspiracy to commit murder and stated that one of them had intentions that might be utilized in targeting US structures that were the center of security concerns this month.	World
Connors' call to action for British tennis is, "Is it in your heart? How much bravery do you possess? How much do you detest losing?" These are the inquiries Jimmy Connors will pose to Britain's top tennis prospects in the upcoming months, and perhaps years, ahead.	Sports
India initiates a rural assistance initiative India initiates a \$445 million food-for-labor program designed to address hunger in impoverished rural regions.	World
Stocks Increase as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equities jumped on Wednesday as oil prices, which have suppressed investor enthusiasm for stocks for several months, dropped notably after a larger-than-expected crude build last week.	Business
British people continue to favor fish and chips (AFP) AFP - Classic fish-and-chips, along with beloved pub food, are still the preferred meals for Britons, surpassing Chinese or Indian takeaways.	World
Research: Apple and Dell top the PC customer satisfaction rankings. The PC sector is improving in its ability to satisfy customers in the U.S. this year, with enhanced technical support and more user-friendly hardware appearing to contribute to this improvement, as reported by the American Customer Satisfaction Index.	Tech
American forces conducted airstrikes in Falluja, leading to numerous casualties. The US military announced last week that they had taken out around 100 of Zarqawi's fighters who have mainly dominated the area.	World
Tributes have been flooding in for 'Crazy Horse' Hughes, who had been fighting the illness for 15 months but worsened in the last few days, according to his wife Barbara. "He passed away at his home in Sheffield with his family by his side," she stated.	Sports
IBM is preparing to introduce a web conferencing service aimed at competing with WebEx. The new Lotus Web Conferencing Service from IBM, expected to launch next month, requires users to simply set up an account and have an Internet connection, a web browser, and a phone.	Tech
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A thrilling pitching duel is set to unfold at Fenway Park tonight as Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox host Mike Mussina and the despised New York Yankees for yet another installment in baseball's most intense rivalry.	Sports
Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova advanced to the quarterfinals. Serena Williams faced difficulties before settling into her rhythm on Wednesday and secured a spot in the China Open quarterfinals alongside Wimbledon titleholder Maria Sharapova.	Sports
IBM's latest eServer seeks to outpace its competitors with the launch of the eServer 326 on October 15, a rack-mounted server that supports AMD's upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
Leslie Moonves, co-president of Viacom, announced a reorganization of the management within CBS's entertainment division and the Paramount television production studio yesterday, promising improved and more effective communication between the two.	Business
News Corporation to Acquire 20 Presses from MAN Roland LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corporation today announced a significant investment in News International Limited, with expenditures surpassing GBP 600 million on new printing facilities over the next four to five years.	Business
ARM has come to an agreement to acquire Artisan Components for approximately $903 million LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - ARM Holdings (ARM.ETR) has reached a deal to purchase Artisan Components Inc (ARTI), a US-based supplier of integrated circuit design solutions, for around $913 million (503.	Business
Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance 200/200R (firmware builds before &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rigel Kent Security  amp; Advisory Services alerted Symantec to three critical vulnerabilities they discovered in the Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance during an evaluation.	Tech
U.N.: Plutonium Residue Detected in Egypt (AP) AP - Experts from the U.N. have discovered traces of plutonium close to an Egyptian nuclear facility and are looking into whether it could be associated with weapons or merely a byproduct of the nation's peaceful nuclear endeavors, diplomats informed The Associated Press on Friday.	World
Intel supports Linux (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Intel is actively encouraging initiatives to help personal computer makers in China and India in offering the Linux operating system on devices utilizing the company's processors.	Tech
Game 5's marathon attracted remarkable viewership ratings. The Red Sox-Yankees Game 5 on Monday displayed an intriguing ratings trend. From 5:15 to 8 p.m., the designated broadcast time slot secured a 42.2 rating and a 66 audience share in Boston. These numbers are exceptional for any market. The additional positive news for Fox was that the game was only halfway completed at that time.	Sports
Putin Approves Russia's Involvement in Kyoto Agreement MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin granted his endorsement for Russia's essential support of the Kyoto Protocol, paving the way for the U.N. environmental agreement designed to limit global warming to take effect early next year.	World
Edmonds' home run propels Cardinals to Game 7 versus Astros ST. LOUIS, Missouri All the injuries in this city, painted a vibrant shade of cardinal red, mended with just one stroke. The victorious pitcher was the one who had the broken hand.	Sports
Referred to as a significant milestone, Google's initiative to preserve millions of books from leading libraries, as noted by experts, represents the initial major advancement towards the company's objective of cataloging extensive quantities of printed content, music, and video.	Tech
The US economy expanded at an annual rate of 3.7 percent during the third quarter - a rate that was marginally better than in the spring but not as robust as many analysts had anticipated.	Business
NASA Leader Is Departing Appointed to lead NASA by President Bush in December 2001, Sean O'Keefe admitted he had no background in astronautics. His management approach focused on pragmatic cost-effectiveness.	Tech
NASA Completes Overhauled Shuttle Fuel Tank (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has completed the construction of an overhauled space shuttle fuel tank that was modified to eradicate the debris issue that led to the tragedy of the shuttle Columbia and its seven astronauts, agency representatives stated on Tuesday.	Tech
U.S. Notifies Schools Regarding Terrorism Threat WASHINGTON - The Education Department has alerted school administrators across the country to be vigilant for individuals observing their facilities or buses to aid in identifying any potential terrorism threats similar to the tragic school siege in Russia. This alert comes after an assessment by the FBI and the Homeland Security Department regarding the siege that resulted in the deaths of nearly 340 individuals, many of whom were students, in the city of Beslan the previous month...	World
AOL Displays Safe Chat Rooms Secure USB tokens employed to confirm a child's age prior to permitting them to chat.	Tech
China participated in the G-7 Meeting for the first time last night, marking its entry into the group of the world's foremost economic powers, amid growing international pressure to alter a currency peg that has been in place for a decade, which critics claim provides Chinese products with an unjust competitive advantage.	Business
A bomb exploded in southern Thailand, leading to the death of one person and injuring approximately 20 others, potentially as a first reaction to the deaths of 85 Muslim demonstrators earlier this week.	World
Hurricane Ivan struck the Gulf Coast close to Mobile, Alabama, early this morning, with maximum winds surpassing 125 miles per hour (200 kilometers per hour).	Tech
Briton Killed by Saudi Mall (AP) AP - A Briton who was fatally shot outside a shopping mall in Saudi Arabia has been recognized as a worker at the telecommunications firm Marconi.	World
Red Sox power hitter Ortiz awarded ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The largest comeback in postseason baseball history started when David Ortiz experienced one of the most remarkable days in baseball history.	Sports
Update 4: Belo to Reduce Workforce by 250 Positions, Primarily in Dallas Media company Belo Corp. announced on Wednesday that it plans to eliminate 250 positions, with over half of those at its main publication, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal inquiry into inflated circulation figures	Business
Indonesian diplomats were asked to help in improving the negative image of Indonesia. JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyono called on Indonesian diplomats on Monday to support the government in enhancing Indonesia's poor reputation.	Business
Telescope captures a distant 'planet' The initial direct photograph of a planet orbiting a different star might have been captured by a team of astronomers from the US and Europe.	World
Seahawks Receiver Robinson Suspended by NFL NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks receiver Koren Robinson has been suspended without pay for four games by the league for violating the NFL's substance abuse policies.	Sports
Bluetooth Consortium Unveils Strategic Plan (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - As Bluetooth short-range wireless technology is integrated into various hardware devices, including mobile phones and in-vehicle telematics systems, a consortium backing the specification has launched an initiative to enhance its appeal and functionality.	Tech
Sri Lanka boosts England's morale In their first game of the Champions' Trophy, Sri Lanka provided little evidence that they possess the capability to eliminate England from the competition at the Rose Bowl on Friday.	Sports
Apple reveals ultra-slim iMac in Paris (AFP) AFP - Apple Computers introduced the latest iteration of its iMac model, which at two inches in thickness, is the thinnest desktop computer in the world, according to the company.	Tech
C #39;s started with a bang: Waste 18-point advantage in defeat to Sixers This is becoming repetitive. For the second consecutive evening, a contender from Boston appeared strong after some preliminary polling, but when the final points/votes were tallied, the rival held the majority.	Sports
CERN to Explore Existence, the Cosmos and Everything (Reuters) Reuters - It has transformed physics, created	Tech
PeopleSoft Engages in Defense The enterprise software company signs a contract with IBM, yet it is improbable to deter Oracle.	Business
Analyzing the NHLPA's recommendation for a new collective bargaining agreement: An in-depth look at the latest offer from the NHL Players' Association: Salary reduction: The surprising 24% decrease on all current player contracts indicates a notable concession.	Sports
Everything is looking good at which bank PRODUCTIVITY improvements are expected to maintain Commonwealth Bank in an advantageous position for years ahead, former chairman John Ralph asserted yesterday.	Business
An Indonesian court has sentenced a Muslim extremist to 12 years in prison on Thursday after determining his guilt in connection with last year's JW Marriott hotel explosion in Jakarta.	World
UPDATE 3-Albertsons affected by California strike; stock declines Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research), the second-largest grocery chain in the US, on Tuesday disclosed a significant decrease in its quarterly earnings due to extensive promotions.	Business
Traber spent the entirety of last season recovering. He was selected in the first round and 16th overall in the 2001 draft by the New York Mets, and he made his major league debut with Cleveland in 2003.	Sports
The Major Vegetarian Deception I've previously discussed my difficulties in staying a vegetarian on Tuesday - when I abstain from meat for spiritual reasons - while on the road.	Tech
The manufacturing sector in Britain is experiencing its best performance in nearly a decade, based on a survey conducted by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
Amtrak's Infrastructure at Risk, DOT Cautions The national passenger rail service faces a "significant point of failure" if infrastructure issues are not resolved, the U.S. Department of Transportation cautioned in a critical report released to the public.	Business
No. 18 Boise State 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and the No. 18 Boise State Broncos made Timmy Chang's effort to break the NCAA Division IA passing record an insignificant detail on Friday night, overwhelming Hawaii 69-3 for their 19th straight win.	Sports
The Prime Minister stated that Australia is likely to encounter a challenging economic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard cautioned that the nation's robust dollar, elevated global oil prices, and the continuing impact of an extended drought would hinder the country's previously thriving economy in 2005.	World
Seattle Sunset The Seattle Storm jumped out to quick leads in both the first and second halves and maintained their advantage, leveraging the momentum to secure their inaugural WNBA world championship.	Sports
California reduces attorney fees in Microsoft settlement California attorneys who secured a $1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft will receive less than 50% of the legal fees they sought.	Business
A football fan who hurled racial abuse at Dwight Yorke, the Premier League striker, was prohibited yesterday from all football grounds in England and Wales for a period of five years.	Sports
NBA Game Recap - Portland vs. Dallas Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki tallied 23 points and secured 14 rebounds to guide Dallas to a 92-83 victory against Portland at American Airlines Arena.	Sports
Finally, Victory on the Journey for Lions The Detroit Lions experienced three complete seasons without securing an away win, establishing an NFL record for road ineptitude. They concluded that shameful streak on Sunday during their first chance of the season, triumphing over the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...	World
Phelps Aims for Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A fatigued Michael Phelps aimed for his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, shifting his focus on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and achieving the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Future Doctors, Connecting Cultures Students at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine learn that dietary habits and cultural traditions affect health in East Harlem.	World
Olympics: Emotional Zijlaard-van Moorsel defends time trial championship ATHENS: Dutch cycling icon Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel fervently defended her Olympic time trial gold medal here.	Sports
On Tuesday, China acknowledged its concerns regarding the evident stagnation in the six-party discussions about North Korea's nuclear weapons program and attributed the problem to the absence of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
MSN Joins the Blogging Arena with "Spaces" Microsoft’s MSN has launched a beta version of its blogging tool, MSN Spaces, which it anticipates will ultimately be backed by advertising.	Tech
Nigerian Woman's Stoning Sentence Overturned by Court (Reuters) Reuters - A young Nigerian mother, who received a death sentence by stoning for engaging in sexual relations outside of marriage, was acquitted and released by an Islamic appeals court on Thursday.	World
Stocks Rise Following Sears Acquisition, HP Profit NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equities closed higher on Wednesday after Kmart revealed its intention to purchase Sears in an \$11.5 billion transaction and computer manufacturer Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; reported strong profits.	Business
In online communication, Skype is fulfilling the expectations. Skype is the simplest, fastest, and most cost-effective way for individual users to use their computers with broadband connections as telephones.	Tech
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm was established in 1985 in a rather unremarkable manner -- in the den of its founder Irwin Jacobs. The area was small and cramped. The original team comprised seven individuals, who were eager yet understated.	Tech
Concerns about the T N pension emerge following discussions. Unions representing employees at Turner Newall express their 'disappointment' after negotiations with the struggling parent company Federal Mogul.	Business
Merck plans to cut its workforce by 5,100 jobs by year-end—about 700 more than originally expected. Headquartered in Whitehouse Station, NJ, Merck revealed this in filings made to the Securities and Exchange.	Business
The European Central Bank caught financial markets off guard on Thursday by disclosing that it had thought about increasing interest rates despite the slowdown in the euro zone economy, expressing concerns about inflationary risks.	Business
Earnings for The New York Times Decline The newspaper publisher announced today that although the advertising market continues to be inconsistent, it has observed better trends thus far in October.	Business
Free Windows doesn’t halt the Linux trend. WINDOWS IS ‘free’ in Iran, yet even in that context, there’s a growing shift towards Linux, based on an AFP report. It seems that because Iran does not comply with international copyright laws, pirated versions of Windows render the product free, and it’s widely used.	Tech
Intel's dauphin Otellini ascends to the throne. Intel's board has approved the long-awaited transition of leadership from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. On May 18, Otellini will assume control of the chip manufacturer and will become its fifth CEO in history.	Business
Yahoo! To Offer Traffic Reports In an initiative to enhance local content, the Internet portal company Yahoo! began delivering information on current traffic conditions for the largest metropolitan areas in the US on Wednesday night.	Tech
Dollar Stalled, CPI Provides Minimal Guidance  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar fluctuated within narrow ranges on Wednesday as the majority of investors disregarded the lower-than-anticipated U.S. inflation figures and maintained the belief that the U.S. Federal Reserve would persist in increasing rates.	Business
Europeans rejoice over the most recent discoveries from Mars. The European Space Agency announces that data collected by its Mars Express probe has provided fresh insights in the search for life on Mars.	Tech
Agassi advances in Madrid, Henman eliminated Top seed Tim Henman suffered a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 defeat against Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters on Thursday, while Andre Agassi moved into the quarter-finals with a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Vincent Spadea.	Sports
Outlook Chilly for U.S.-Canadian Relations   TORONTO -- The climate won't be the sole aspect that's chilly when President Bush travels to nearby Canada next week.	World
On Saturday morning, two Qassam rockets struck a community in the western Negev, damaging a residence. There have been no reports of injuries. The rockets originated from the northern Gaza Strip.	World
On Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission decided to permit current telephone providers to skip sharing their fiber-to-the-curb systems with competitors, leading one incumbent to declare a faster fiber deployment.	Business
Cosatu intends to hold a meeting concerning the conflicts with the ANC. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) revealed that it will host a press conference at noon on Tuesday to discuss the controversial public dispute between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the national spokesperson for the African National Congress (ANC).	World
China has cautioned Singaporean officials regarding future trips to Taiwan following a "private and unofficial" visit by the newly appointed leader of the city-state just weeks prior to his assumption of office, which has caused tension with Beijing.	World
Home Depot Embraces Higher Oil Prices Growing fuel expenses, a worry for numerous players in the retail sector, are advantageous for Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the home improvement frontrunner that revealed an increase in second-quarter earnings on Tuesday and elevated its outlook for the rest of the year.	Business
Fiat aims for an agreement in dispute with GM. Fiat and General Motors are set to engage in further discussions to address their disagreements regarding the future of the Italian company's unprofitable automotive division, according to Fiat.	Business
Viruses: Hold Microsoft Responsible? Last year we examined the issue of Microsoft's possible responsibility for software vulnerabilities that are targeted by viruses and various types of malware.	Tech
US airstrikes reportedly caused the deaths of at least 44 individuals in Iraq. According to Iraqi health officials, American airstrikes that destroyed homes late today in a village located south of the unstable city of Falluja have led to at least 44 fatalities and 27 injuries, which include women and children.	World
Iraq aims to capitalize on the achievements of its arms amnesty, which could imply that the government's capacity to conduct nationwide elections by the end of January is feasible. The interim government has pledged to address insurgents and restore stability to Iraq before the January elections.	World
Sharon Aims for Broader Coalition to Preserve Gaza Withdrawal Strategy JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon initiated fresh attempts on Tuesday to broaden his unstable coalition following a significant defeat in parliament that complicated his strategy to withdraw from certain occupied lands.	World
IBM has announced the creation of Power.org, a cooperative community consisting of itself and 14 partner companies aimed at fostering hardware and software development focused on Power Architecture.	Tech
Ryder - You can depend on Tiger, says Sutton. Tiger Woods has not won a major title in two years and has dropped from his status as the world number one, yet US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton maintains that assertions of his decline will prove to be significantly exaggerated this week.	Sports
Shortage of components halts operations at Ford facility The Ford plant in Hapeville is getting a second unexpected day off during the peak of summer heat. The automaker has stopped assembly-line operations at the site today because of a persistent parts shortage, according to a representative from Ford.	Business
No Signs of El Nino in the Pacific for the Moment - Researchers (Reuters) Reuters - Ocean temperatures in the southeastern Pacific show no indications of triggering severe "El Nino" weather patterns in the next two months, Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) reported on Tuesday.	Tech
Military aircraft collides with a Venezuelan mountain, resulting in the deaths of 25 individuals, which includes five children, according to a statement from the Air Force rescue team.	World
Pascual Rodriguez clinches 18th stage of Vuelta race; Heras still &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spanish cyclist Javier Pascual Rodriguez edged out Colombia's Ivan Parra at the finish line to secure the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour on Thursday.	Sports
Steelers' Staley Marked as Uncertain (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley has been categorized as uncertain on Friday because of a sore hamstring, suggesting he is highly probable to skip a third consecutive game on Sunday.	Sports
CFL made a mistake, Stamps remain defeated. The outcome of the Calgary-BC match last Friday night will be upheld, the CFL declared yesterday. Although a review of the game’s videotape verified an officiating mistake that led to a no-yards penalty.	Sports
Sprint is packed with potential champions. It would be great to see this week #39's 100-meter dash as the ultimate footrace of all time. We might observe four sub-10-second dashes for the very first time. It would be enjoyable to watch with raised brows instead of knitted ones. It ...	Sports
Iran Declines Any Agreement to Cease Uranium Enrichment TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran stated on Saturday that it would dismiss any suggestion to stop uranium enrichment, a measure that European Union diplomats are recommending to resolve a dispute over whether Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons.	World
Philippine President Indicates Nation is Experiencing Fiscal Crisis Philippine President Gloria Arroyo cautioned that her nation is undergoing a fiscal crisis. A study conducted by economists at the University of the Philippines indicated that the country is on the brink of economic collapse.	Business
Labour representatives compel a vote on Iraq. Iraq is selected for a vote at the Labour conference, yet Tony Blair declares he will not express regret for the war.	World
Credit Suisse has announced intentions to consolidate its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities division with the other operations of the Credit Suisse Group and may eliminate up to 300 positions.	Business
Contests Encourage Future Linux Talent IBM's Linux Scholar Challenge is one of the few initiatives designed to spark interest among students globally in Linux and open-source software.	Tech
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Head Anticipates Reduction in Phishing &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A previous White House Web security leader forecasted on Wednesday that tech firms and law enforcement could shortly eliminate most online ""phishing"" scams that attempt to deceive individuals into providing their personal and financial details.&lt;/p&gt;	Tech
General Electric Co., the largest firm by market value, declared it will buy back as much as $15 billion in shares over the next three years and raised its quarterly dividend by 10 percent, surpassing certain analysts' predictions.	Business
EMC has introduced the much-anticipated storage virtualization technology that the company claims will enable users to oversee its arrays -- as well as high-end devices from leading competitors -- via a unified interface.	Tech
Rebel assaults struck Baghdad as Rumsfeld toured Iraq. A rocket strike and a suicide vehicle explosion claimed the lives of at least four individuals in Baghdad on Sunday, coinciding with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's unannounced trip to Iraq to assess measures aimed at reducing violence ahead of the January elections.	World
The Philippines' GDP increased by 6.3 percent, driven by strong export results. The Philippine economy maintained solid growth in the third quarter, even with rising consumer prices, as the gross domestic product rose by 6.3 percent compared to the previous year.	Business
Sainsbury is facing a decline in profits. J Sainsbury is expected to announce a loss of 550 million (£991 million) in profits this year as it allocates funds to enhance sales and tackle its declining market share, the UK's third-largest supermarket chain disclosed on Tuesday.	Business
Siblings found guilty of spamming sentenced; one receives nine years in prison While a brother and sister were convicted on three felony counts for disseminating thousands of unsolicited emails, one was sentenced to nine years behind bars, while the other was hit with a $7,500 fine.	Tech
Intel Corp., the largest manufacturer of computer chips globally, has increased its quarterly dividend twofold and expanded its stock repurchase program by \$11.5 billion (Update2).	Business
A significant merger could constrain Qwest Qwest Communications might not face immediate impacts from a Sprint-Nextel merger, yet its choices could become more restricted. Previously, Qwest and Sprint were seen as potential partners for a merger.	Business
Hamilton Wins in Cycling Time Trial Competition THENS, Aug. 18 Tyler Hamilton carried bruises spread across his back, painful reminders of a Tour de France that turned out terribly wrong.	Sports
New attempt to dismiss Jackson case Attorneys representing Michael Jackson argue that the child molestation case against the singer ought to be dismissed.	World
Dell surges forward in the consumer electronics market (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - On Thursday, Dell will embark on a mission to take on the markets led by Apple, Hewlett-Packard, and other companies with offerings that feature its inaugural compact digital music player, photo printer, and plasma television.	Tech
San Diego's financial stability is assured, according to the mayor. SAN DIEGO - Following yet another downgrade in San Diego's credit rating, Mayor Dick Murphy comforted the public that the city's fiscal status is solid.	Business
Defeat suggests promise for the future. They triumphed over several weak teams -- a few of which were close calls -- to become the inaugural team in franchise history to achieve a 5-0 start. Nevertheless, we couldn’t ascertain just how competent the Jets truly were.	Sports
US women evade catastrophe, progress ATHENS -- Being eliminated in the preliminary rounds would have been a catastrophe for the United States women. Eager for a win, the Americans sidestepped humiliation by finally performing as a gold medal contender -- and as a unit.	Sports
A 'nano-needle' functions on cells. Researchers have conducted a precise surgical procedure on an individual living cell, utilizing a needle that measures only a few billionths of a meter in width.	Tech
US authorities have detained a minimum of 103 individuals and initiated 117 criminal charges since June 1 in an effort to combat different types of online fraud, according to Attorney General John Ashcroft.	Tech
Bush and Kerry Yield to McCain's Requests Regarding Advertisements NEW YORK - President Bush and Senator John Kerry yielded to the requests of well-liked maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president supported the Republican senator's legal battle against wealthy special interest groups broadcasting negative advertisements, and the Democratic nominee canceled a commercial that included McCain...	World
American Express is taking legal action against Visa and MasterCard, along with eight US banks, alleging that anti-competitive practices have excluded it from the marketplace. This lawsuit represents the most recent challenge for Visa and MasterCard, which faced difficulties last month.	Business
Comcast's Earnings Miss Expectations Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research), the biggest cable provider in the US, on Wednesday announced a quarterly profit that did not meet Wall Street expectations but reported better-than	Business
Vodafone introduces its 3G service Vodafone unveils its third-generation mobile capabilities, allowing for video calls, music downloads, and gaming.	Business
CASEY REMARKS NOT #39;WISE #39; - VERPLANK The negative response to anti-American remarks made by Ryder Cup competitor Paul Casey has already begun - and is expected to intensify in the months ahead.	Sports
Reebok Third-Quarter Earnings, Sales Increase Athletic footwear and clothing manufacturer Reebok International Ltd. (RBK) on Thursday announced quarterly earnings that surpassed expectations, driven by enhanced sales attributed to acquisitions and the devalued dollar.	Business
Wade propels Heat past Wizards The Washington Wizards are done facing the Miami Heat for the season. That's the positive aspect. Dwyane Wade scored 29 points and provided nine assists on Wednesday, guiding the Heat to a 98-93 victory for their	Sports
Cannot Conceal Your Deceitful ... Expression? In the quest for the perfect lie detector, scientists are exploring thermal facial imaging, brain circuitry, and eye movement tracking. Yet, lying continues to, you know, mislead. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
Apple has formally introduced its iTunes Music Store in Canada. On Thursday, Apple Computer launched the iTunes Music Store in Canada, providing Canadian music enthusiasts with identical features and a price of $.99 CDN per song, which has propelled iTunes to become the top online music service globally.	Tech
Travelzoo Stocks Increase as Offering Speculation Dwindles (Reuters) Reuters - The shares of online travel platform Travelzoo Inc. climbed by almost 4 percent on Wednesday as market speculations regarding a secondary stock offering diminished.	Tech
Revised Guidelines for the Colts and Patriots Rematch Indianapolis' defeat against New England in the A.F.C. championship match last January will influence officiating as the N.F.L. commences the 2004 season on Thursday evening.	Sports
Senate Committee Allocates Additional Funds to NASA (AP) AP - NASA is set to receive $16.4 billion in the upcoming year following the approval of a bill by a Senate committee on Tuesday, overturning a previous choice made by House legislators to reduce the space agency's funding beneath this year's amounts.	World
N.Korea Launches Insults at Bush, Labels Him as Human Waste SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea continued its verbal assault on President Bush for a second consecutive day on Tuesday, branding him a political fool and human waste, and indicated that the six-party discussions regarding Pyongyang's nuclear aspirations seemed destined to fail.	World
Microsoft is greatly influencing Apple. In case you haven't heard, Microsoft has recently intensified the rivalry in the digital music sector with the introduction of its Windows Media Player 10 and its beta online music shop this month.	Tech
EBay Enhances PayPal Buyer Protection to $1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc.'s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) digital payment service, will broaden its US buyer protection initiative to include coverage of up to $1,000 for eligible transactions, the company announced on Thursday.	Tech
The United Nations has concluded its mission and reported some progress in human rights within Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - While safety has improved inside the camps located in Sudan's war-torn Darfur area, displaced individuals still face violence and mistreatment when they leave these camps, a United Nations team said on Saturday, wrapping up a mission that could determine whether Sudan will face international sanctions.	World
WRAPUP 1-Careless Chelsea and Arsenal fail to take chances to secure wins. League leaders Chelsea let Bolton Wanderers come back from a two-goal deficit to achieve a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge in one of the two significant surprises in the Premier League on Saturday.	Sports
Russia allows the Dalai Lama to visit despite possible anger from China (AFP) AFP - Russia has agreed to let the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, travel to a southern Buddhist area in Russia for the first time, as stated by the foreign ministry, a choice expected to incite displeasure from China.	World
Sidebar: Microsoft Joins Data Backup Market SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft #39;s revelation of a disk-to-disk backup software aimed at streamlining data backups on Windows servers positions the corporation to rival established storage management leaders like Veritas.	Tech
Martian Weather Cited as Reason for Beagle 2's Loss Description: An inquiry into the disappearance of the UK's Beagle 2 spacecraft in December indicates that atypical weather conditions on Mars might be the culprit.	Tech
EA Secures Five-Year Exclusive Agreement with NFL Electronic Arts has revealed a unique licensing partnership with the National Football League and PLAYERS INC to create, publish, and distribute interactive football video games.	Sports
Investment pessimism increases NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Investment managers are becoming increasingly negative about the economy, corporate earnings, and US stock market returns, based on a monthly poll by Merrill Lynch made public on Tuesday.	Business
French Firms Sagem and Snecma Declare Merger PARIS (Reuters) - French companies Snecma and Sagem revealed a suggested merger valued at 7 billion euros (\$8.9 billion) on Friday, in a deal that analysts argued was driven more by political considerations than by the interests of shareholders.	Business
Obama Navigates Fame and Community Concerns (AP) AP - Following his election to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has spoken on the phone with President Bush, been featured in People magazine, and participated in various national television shows.	World
Next Major Attraction at the Modern: Its Reopening The excitement surrounding the significantly expanded museum is anticipated to escalate into a loud uproar on Saturday.	World
Hurricane Ivan has struck the Cayman Islands with maximum force, destroying houses and resulting in significant flooding. As many as 40,000 inhabitants - including a sizable British expatriate population - sought refuge in their homes and shelters to avoid Ivan's powerful 155mph winds.	World
Cyber offenders, impersonators, and malicious software—oh no! Code taking advantage of Internet Explorer could increase the chances of browser problems. Microsoft claims that collaboration leads to improved security practices.	Tech
Bulldogs stun K-State MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Paul Pinegar tossed two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and also rushed for another score, leading Fresno State to a surprising victory over No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, yesterday.	Sports
Job figures provide candidates with an opportunity for discussion WASHINGTON - Companies increased their recruitment efforts in August, adding 144,000 jobs and reducing the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Experienced defender joins Newcastle; Dyer sidelined due to injury Newcastle, England (Sports Network) - Central defender Ronny Johnsen has inked a contract with Newcastle United that will last until the upcoming transfer window in January.	Sports
The intense running of Dillon #39's role in making champions even more formidable It wasn't solely to revive one of the league's most ineffective rushing offenses. It was to transform Dillon and that poor rushing game into partners when the weather and/or the rival required it -- which they certainly did on Sunday.	Sports
Ban Imminent, Hamilton Loses Opportunity Tyler Hamilton, who secured an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, was dismissed last Thursday by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for unauthorized blood transfusions.	Sports
Japan Intends to File a Protest with China Concerning Intruding Submarine TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is prepared to submit a complaint to China following the conclusion that a nuclear-powered submarine that entered its waters this week was linked to the Chinese navy, as stated by government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda on Friday.	World
Eurostocks Slightly Increase on Ericsson PARIS (Reuters) - European shares crept up on Wednesday as Ericsson climbed after reports it obtained part of the $4 billion Cingular agreement, while Glaxo gained ground after Pfizer reaffirmed its forecasts.	Business
Earthquake 'redefines the geography' The catastrophic earthquake that hit the Indian Ocean likely resulted in some islands shifting by multiple metres.	Tech
#39;Hawks ready to finally overtake Rams Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column gives you a tour of the league by highlighting the best matchup of the week, accompanied by insights for 10 additional games.	Sports
Aircraft accident claims the lives of 10 near racing event MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A Hendrick Motorsports aircraft went down yesterday en route to a NASCAR event, resulting in the deaths of all 10 individuals on board, which included the son, brother, and two nieces of the owner of one of the most successful entities in auto racing.	Sports
5 fatalities reported in Dubai airport incident DUBAI - A steel mesh barrier fell on laborers constructing a multi-billion-dollar expansion to Dubai's international airport yesterday, resulting in five fatalities and 12 injuries, officials stated.	World
Cunning Credit Card Strategies Watch out for your credit card providers -- they could be planning to increase your rates.	Business
On Tuesday, Microsoft introduced "Whitehorse" developer tools, unveiling an initial version of innovative tools designed to simplify the process for businesses to develop tailored Web applications.	Tech
Loeb aims for familiar comforts SEBASTIEN LOEB is picturing a title-winning comeback as he moves nearer to the world championship in the Italian Rally.	Sports
The Premier League has charged Aston Villa's manager David O'Leary with making an illegal approach for Southampton forward James Beattie.	Sports
Toyota: Certain security companies make excessive claims. If "it appears that you are being presented with a cure-all, then it's time to shift the discussion," states an executive for the company.	Tech
MARKETS PLUMMET DUE TO SOARING OIL Stock values were battered by a harmful mix of continuously increasing oil prices and concerns related to Eliot Spitzer's investigation of the insurance sector.	Business
Bush Authorizes Prohibition on Taxes for Internet Access State and local governments will be barred from levying taxes on services that offer Internet access to users for the next three years, according to legislation signed into law by President Bush on Friday.	Tech
Mumbai prepares for a showdown. The battle lines have been established for the third of the fourth and final test in Mumbai. Following a disappointing batting performance, India rallied, courtesy of their bowlers, to limit Australia’s first innings advantage to 99 runs.	Sports
Gary Sheffield, the right fielder of the New York Yankees, was unable to participate in Sunday's match against the Toronto Blue Jays because of a sprained left ankle. Sheffield is viewed as day to day.	Sports
India and Russia need to collaborate to create new technology: Putin Mr. Vladimir V. Putin, President of the Russian Federation, Mr. NR Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman, Infosys, and Mr. Nandan Nilekani, CEO and Managing Director, at the Infosys campus in Bangalore on Sunday.	World
Europe is set to increase its troop presence in Iraq. The US has urged European countries to enhance NATO operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, which have proven successful, leading to the alliance's announcement of a minor expansion of its nascent military training center in Baghdad.	World
Relations between France and Ivory Coast deteriorate as nine French peacekeepers lost their lives in an airstrike conducted by Ivorian bombers over a week ago. In retaliation, France took action by annihilating the majority of the Ivorian air force.	World
Locusts Wreak Havoc on Mauritania's Agriculture, Others Remain Unscathed (Reuters) Reuters - Crop-devouring locusts have inflicted significant harm on cereals in Mauritania, while other West and Central African nations have experienced far less damage than anticipated from the most severe infestation in over ten years, the U.N. reported on Thursday.	Tech
U.N.: Robot Utilization Expected to Soar Sevenfold by 2007 The use of robots in homes for tasks such as mowing lawns, vacuuming floors, ensuring security, and performing other responsibilities is anticipated to increase sevenfold by 2007, based on a recent survey from the U.N. that attributes the rise in robots to declining prices.	Tech
Swedes Condemn Government's Response to Tsunami (AP) AP - Soon after a tsunami wreaked havoc on the southern Asian coastlines — a favored spot for many vacationing Swedes — the Swedish foreign minister went to a theater show.	World
Nigerian troops have killed 24 Islamic militants who had taken shelter in the mountainous northeastern region near the Cameroon border, as reported by the spokesperson for Borno state in the northeast.	World
Hughes permitted to communicate with Rovers The Football Association of Wales has granted national manager Mark Hughes the authority to discuss the open managerial position at Blackburn.	Sports
Best Software has revamped Act Best Software, introducing this week a redesigned version of its Act contact management software, which includes an additional version featuring enhanced scalability and more advanced capabilities.	Tech
In focus: Implementing Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 2 This article examines Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to segregate mobile users and evaluate their security condition prior to providing them full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Jaguars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byron Leftwich executed perfectly on a 30-yard drive in the last four minutes, and rookie kicker Josh Scobee kicked a season-long 53-yard field goal to aid the Jacksonville Jaguars in securing a 27-to-24 victory against Indianapolis.	Sports
Sims 2 engages life enthusiasts The Sims 2 incorporates DNA into the equation and provides significantly more lifelike 3D visuals, resulting in the game evoking an unsettling sense of reality.	Tech
Hubble Captures Rare Triple Eclipse of Jupiter on November 4, 2004 - A peculiar configuration of Jupiter's three largest moons transiting across the planet's surface was documented on film by the Hubble Space Telescope.	Tech
Oram avoided making comparisons to Cairns Brisbane - New Zealand's batting star Jacob Oram avoided likening himself to one of his nation's legendary all-rounders, Chris Cairns, after he powerfully propelled the Kiwis back into the match against Australia here on Friday.	Sports
IBM's high-end Power5 servers are similar to those from HP. On Friday, IBM launched upgraded servers in its pSeries and iSeries ranges that boast virtualization capabilities and impressive performance, which some experts claim places these products on par with those of competitor Hewlett-Packard Co.	Tech
Staying updated with current trends, Microsoft, the major software company located in Redmond, Washington, that holds a dominant position in the computing world, introduced a "beta," or experimental, version of its online search service on November 11.	Tech
On Wednesday, assailants attacked the convoy of Ahmed Chalabi, the ex-president of the Iraqi governing council, injuring two of his bodyguards, according to aides.	World
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report <p></p><p> By Ignacio Badal</p><p> SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos was given a distressing report on Wednesday from a governmental commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to record for the first time the systematic application of torture during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship from 1973 to 1990.</p>	World
Adams steps down as Leicester manager LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has stepped down from his role as the manager of the English Championship team Leicester City, the club disclosed yesterday. Adams' exit was sanctioned during a swift meeting of the board of directors at the	Sports
On Sunday, Australian Prime Minister John Howard declared that the next federal election is scheduled for October 9. He mentioned during a press conference that it will be the voters who decide.	World
Restoration of Relics to Revive Catholic-Orthodox Discussion VATICAN CITY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org).- Theological discussions between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches are anticipated to restart following the return of the relics of Sts.	World
Halting spam at the origin New anti-spam technological standards are forthcoming that pledge to strike spammers where it impacts them the hardest--their finances. The concern is the capability to verify the genuine source of email communications, a significant	Tech
Thatcher case takes a turn as list of purported coup supporters disappears. THE Thatcher affair took an unexpected turn last night when it came to light that a crucial witness in the police inquiry has vanished, along with a list of affluent individuals who allegedly financed a supposed coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.	World
The NHL penalized one of the Thrashers' owners \$250,000 on Tuesday for stating that the league would employ replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining agreement is not achieved.	Sports
Exploring the Earth's Original Soup How were the first amino acids formed to create the earliest peptides? This is an essential inquiry that might shed light on the pathway to understanding the primordial soup. Recent research suggests that the linking agent for joining the building blocks could have been volcanic gases -- or carbonyl sulfide.	Tech
HP has made a deal to sell network adapters from the start-up S2io, which the companies assert can transmit data at a rate 10 times faster than the currently prevalent standard.	Tech
Pension accounting refers to a financial process that necessitates a company to project the anticipated future value of its pension assets and the expected expenses associated with meeting pension and healthcare obligations for both current and retired employees.	Business
New York Times Company Reduces 2004 Profit Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - On Monday, New York Times Company forecasted that third-quarter and yearly earnings would not meet Wall Street's average predictions because of weak revenue in early September, leading its stock to decline to a two-year low.	Business
Senators Request Inquiry into Boeing Agreement Chairpersons of the Senate Armed Services Committee urged the Defense Department on Friday to direct its inspector general's office to examine the Air Force's initiative to	Business
Technical Issue Postpones Russian Space Station Launch (Reuters) Reuters - The launch of a Russian rocket set to take off for the International Space Station next month has been delayed due to issues with the docking mechanism, according to Russia's space agency on Wednesday.	Tech
Kashmir separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is detained from spearheading a demonstration against purported rapes by an Indian army officer.	World
Australia: Finances outweigh conflict Most Australians are against the Iraq war, but they appeared to be more worried about economic issues.	World
Despite controversies, Boeing continues to win over Wall Street. The company's profits keep increasing, even as its reputation suffers, partly due to the consolidation in the defense sector, which has resulted in the Pentagon having limited options for procuring weapons, according to industry analysts.	Business
Merck's Board Implements Severance Strategy for Senior Executives (Update5) Merck & Co., attempting to prevent executives from departing following the withdrawal of its Vioxx pain relief medication, established a strategy to provide severance compensation to over 200 leaders if there is a change in the company's control.	Business
Jimenez overcame Langer's tough challenge on the 35th hole on Saturday to secure a place in the semifinals of the World Match Play Championship.	Sports
Nortel's financial reports could be postponed until 2005. Merely days after launching a media initiative to improve its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. has once again postponed the release of its financial statements, underscoring the challenges the company encounters in managing its way out of the predicament.	Business
Eritrean deportees from Libya took control of a plane KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Equipped with knives, Eritrean deportees commandeered a flight that departed from Libya with approximately 80 other Eritreans on board and compelled it to land yesterday in the Sudanese capital before yielding to law enforcement, officials reported.	World
Britain's biggest cable company, NTL, agreed yesterday to sell its radio and television broadcasting business for 1.27 billion to a consortium led by a fund managed by Australia’s Macquarie Bank.	Business
Nations sharing a border with Iraq are seeking compensation totaling tens of billions of dollars for the environmental harm caused during the Gulf War of 1990-1991; nonetheless, it is expected that they will receive only a minimal amount of financial aid from the United.	Tech
Dillon Enjoys Finalizing Triumph Out of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon accumulated against the Jets on Sunday, it was the final 12 that could have been the most crucial.	Sports
Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has declared that he is too unwell to carry on and has confirmed his intention to step down. Prince Ranariddh, the king's offspring, has journeyed to Beijing, where	World
U.S. Mediators Establish Ceasefire in Western Afghanistan KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has facilitated a ceasefire between a defiant Afghan militia leader and the embattled governor of the western province of Herat, stated Washington's representative to Kabul on Tuesday.	World
The Russian Duma is poised to launch a fresh investigation into the Beslan school hostage crisis, Duma speaker Boris Gryzlov declared on Thursday, signaling a major change from the authorities who previously rejected the notion of an inquiry.	World
Cabrera Guides Red Sox to Victory Over Blue Jays 5-4 (AP) AP - Orlando Cabrera connected for a run-producing double off the Green Monster during the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, securing a 5-4 triumph for the Boston Red Sox against the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.	Sports
Typhoon Tokage Takes 25 Lives; 43 Unaccounted for, NHK TV Reports According to NHK television's website, 25 individuals have been reported dead and 43 are unaccounted for as of 5 am following the passage of typhoon Tokage through Japan.	World
United Aims for Additional Workforce Reductions United Airlines is working to secure an extra \$725 million in labor concessions and remove employees' conventional pensions as it looks for financing to exit bankruptcy.	Business
Generals May Face Consequences for Iraq Misconduct WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse controversy could essentially terminate the careers of four Army generals who are indirectly connected to the misconduct yet do not confront any criminal charges. The four are highlighted for varying levels of criticism - along with moments of commendation - in two extensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Kansas Gets a Chance for Vengeance Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks have the opportunity to rectify one of their most disheartening losses from last season on Monday when they welcome the Wolf Pack at Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
Austrian authorities have given the green light to Siemens AG's proposal to acquire engineering rival VA Technologie AG, reported Austrian radio on Friday.	Business
Will Your Next Mobile Phone Feature a Hard Drive? Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Intel are advancing the development of an interface technology that they believe will facilitate the integration of compact hard drives into mobile phones, PDAs, and digital music devices, according to the companies.	Tech
The S&P 500 climbed for the fourth consecutive day, with materials and energy stocks driving the gains. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index increased for a fourth day as investors disregarded a lackluster third-quarter economic growth report in favor of more positive readings on business and consumer confidence in the Chicago area.	Business
Sony announced on Tuesday its intentions to introduce a new dual-format DVD burner that will work with Macintosh computers. The external double-layer DVD drive, named the DRX-710UL-T, is engineered to record up to	Tech
Microsoft has released bulletin MS04-039 that outlines a security vulnerability in Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0, and has also announced the availability of patches to address these issues.	Tech
Detainees considered to be a minor threat WASHINGTON -- The majority of the suspected Al Qaeda and Taliban prisoners at the US military facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are expected to be released or returned to their countries for further questioning because many represent little danger and are not offering significant intelligence, according to the deputy commander of the facility.	World
Taiwan Rescuers Unearth 7 Corpses Buried in Landslide TAIPEI (Reuters) - Rescue teams in Taiwan extracted seven bodies from the debris of mud and rock in a mountainous village affected by a catastrophic landslide caused by Typhoon Aere, although eight others are still entombed, officials reported on Friday.	World
A Better Method for Israel The exaggerated tone of Daniel Seidemann's plea to the incoming US administration to save Israel from its own deeds provides no positive results op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
Sony, Matsushita, and Sharp are expected to unveil Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO (AFX) - Firms supporting one of the next-generation optical DVD formats, Blu-ray Disc, plan to release camcorders capable of recording on smaller versions of the discs as soon as 2005, as reported by the Nihon Keizai Shimbun, which did not indicate sources.	Tech
Hornets' Davis Out with Back Injury (Reuters) Reuters - New Orleans Hornets guard Baron Davis is anticipated to be unavailable for one to two weeks due to a lower back injury.	Sports
Unctad expresses optimism regarding global FDI inflows The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) announced on Wednesday that although global FDI inflows decreased in 2003 for the third consecutive year to \$560 billion, the outlook for the current year appears encouraging.	Business
Report: Tom Lehman set to be named Ryder Cup captain Tom Lehman will have the chance to accomplish what Hal Sutton failed to do when he is revealed as the captain of the 2006 United States Ryder Cup, as reported by golfdigest.	Sports
Before-the-Bell: GenCorp Drops 5.6 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of GenCorp Inc. decreased by 5.6 percent before the market opened on Monday after investment fund Steel Partners retracted its offer to purchase the aerospace and real estate firm.	Tech
Grand Central enhances its integration service. The company enhances its online service for sharing business information between corporations.	Tech
Flu Vaccine Shortage Emphasizes U.S. Emergency WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Alarmed health authorities started probing on Friday what occurred at a British vaccine manufacturing facility where 50% of the U.S. flu vaccines were produced, and urged additional companies to enter the vaccine industry.	Business
Owen begins as Real suffers a defeat; Michael Owen acknowledged that Real Madrid is still searching for the proper balance following their 1-0 loss against Espanyol in a heated match on Saturday.	Sports
Iraq's Sadr Commands Militia to Surrender Arms  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgent Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Friday instructed his followers within Najaf's Imam Ali mosque to put down their arms and unite with the thousands of Shi'ite pilgrims outside the shrine.	World
Man Sets Himself Ablaze Near White House (AP) AP - A man ignited himself Monday just outside a White House entrance and continuously shouted ""Allah Allah"" as a Secret Service officer restrained him facedown on the pavement.	World
Court Won't Stop Arch Coal's Triton Acquisition (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. appellate court decided on Friday that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) can move forward with its attempt to acquire the assets of competitor Triton Coal Co. LLC, rejecting an urgent request from the Federal Trade Commission to prevent the transaction, a spokesperson for the agency stated.	Business
US Airways, Pilots Union Close to Accord US Airways is pursuing \$800 million in concessions from employee unions in its efforts to steer clear of a Chapter 11 filing. The Air Line Pilots Association plans to present its proposal this evening.	Business
The Commission endorses a £5 billion agreement for British Energy. British Energy, the nuclear energy producer, conveyed its satisfaction yesterday after the European Commission's ruling to approve a government-backed £5 billion rescue plan.	Business
American Airlines Increases Ticket Costs FORT WORTH, Texas -- The elevated price of jet fuel is causing American Airlines to hike its domestic ticket costs. It plans to impose an additional \$5 for one-way journeys and \$10 for round trips.	Business
Stunning Manning Achieves Yet Another Record HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning connected on two touchdown passes during the initial quarter of Sunday's matchup against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium, establishing an NFL record for the highest number of consecutive games featuring multiple TD throws.	Sports
Did Apple Propose an ITunes Agreement to Sony? Update: An industry insider suggests that collaboration could be essential for sustained success.	Tech
Goldcorp Announces It Will Consider Glamis Proposal Gold mining company Goldcorp Inc. on Friday stated that its board is open to reviewing and assessing a takeover proposal from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would dismantle its amicable merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
Broadcom names ex-Philips executive Scott McGregor as its new CEO. McGregor, who formerly headed the semiconductor division at Royal Philips Electronics, will take over from Alan Ross, who plans to retire.	Tech
APPLE #39;S LATEST TWIST: THE PERSONALIZED, U2 IPOD Apple Computer and the rock group U2 have finalized an agreement to offer personalized iPods, The Post has discovered. The revelation will be shared at a flashy event on Oct.	Tech
A cargo vessel hailing from South Korea has collided with a breakwater in Japan, leading to the fatalities of at least six crew members, while one person is still unaccounted for.	World
Casualty Count Reaches 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Remain Missing TOKYO (Reuters) - With the number of fatalities increasing from Japan's most lethal typhoon in twenty years, specialists cautioned on Friday that climate change might lead to a more tempestuous future.	World
Crowton Steps Down as BYU Football Coach BYU coach Gary Crowton departs the field after BYU's 28-27 loss to Boise State, in Boise, Idaho, in this image from Sept. 24, 2004.	Sports
Alamosa Proposes Acquisition of AirGate (Reuters) Reuters - Alamosa Holdings Inc. announced on Monday that it has made an unsolicited offer for AirGate PCS Inc. valued at approximately £380 million, which would establish one of the largest providers of wireless telephone services under the Sprint brand.	Tech
The United States is exercising caution in response to Iran's declaration that it has made significant advancements in enriching uranium, a crucial component in nuclear arms.	World
Federal Reserve Increases Interest Rate For The Fourth Time, To 2 Percent The Federal Reserve indicated that it plans to persist in raising interest rates slowly for much of the upcoming year.	Business
Carolina's Davis Out for the Season  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers running back Stephen Davis will be sidelined for the rest of the season after being put on injured reserve Saturday.	Sports
US equities: Market declines as insurers' troubles overshadow IBM NEW YORK - US equities dipped on Tuesday as health insurers' stocks dropped amid concerns that the New York attorney general's investigation will impact the whole sector.	Business
On Monday, Air France-KLM announced a 61 percent rise in revenue for the group's fiscal second quarter, propelled by the merger between the French and Dutch airlines and a substantial increase in both passenger and cargo revenue.	Business
Swimmer caught drink-driving #39;extremely regretful #39; A remorseful Michael Phelps expressed today that he committed a perilous error when he was detained for drink-driving last week. The Olympic swimming champion was taken into custody and accused of drink driving following an encounter with a trooper.	Sports
Hamm should support Yang. Paul Hamm needs a new marketing strategy. Alternatively, he could benefit from some understanding. A single harmless act sets him apart from achieving fame in America and admiration in South Korea, and	Sports
Agent: Sheffield Targeted in Extortion Scheme (AP) AP - New York Yankees star Gary Sheffield and his spouse were the victims of a blackmailer who alleged to possess compromising sexual videotapes involving her and a musician, stated Sheffield's business agent on Tuesday.	Sports
A triumph deserving of a Calypso or two London, September 26: Just as Brazil is associated with soccer and Tom with Jerry, West Indies cricket has always been associated with fast bowlers, with batsmen who displayed more flair than wood in their bats; and with calypso.	Sports
Music industry association takes legal action against 750 for file sharing Los Angeles, October 29: A trade association representing the US music sector announced on Thursday that it has initiated lawsuits against 750 individuals it alleges utilized online file-sharing networks to unlawfully distribute copyrighted music tracks.	Tech
Mashburn's #39 season hindered by knee injury; potential retirement. Just over a year since his peak season, Jamal Mashburn is probably finished playing in the NBA. On Monday, Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets revealed this news, a week prior to the start of the season.	Sports
Piller Could Be Out for Several Months Following Arm Surgery (AP) AP - Titans guard Zach Piller may be sidelined for the remainder of the season after undergoing surgery to fix his torn left biceps.	Sports
Apple Announces Recall for 15-inch PowerBook G4 Battery Because of Fire Hazard The batteries involved may overheat, posing a fire risk. Apple has been alerted four times regarding these batteries overheating. No injuries have been reported.	Tech
German retailer dismisses union proposal. The ailing German department store chain, KarstadtQuelle, has turned down union concessions regarding wages that are deemed essential for a successful reorganization of the company.	Business
The SEC is anticipated to reveal a settlement with Qwest today that strongly criticizes "senior management," according to two sources knowledgeable about the situation.	Business
The United States dashed Jamaica's Cup aspirations as Eddie Johnson netted his fifth goal in three matches on Wednesday, and the US national soccer team knocked Jamaica out of the 2006 World Cup race with a 1-1 draw in Columbus, Ohio.	Sports
Ten candidates have been approved to participate in the Palestinian presidential elections scheduled for January 9. They are:	World
Autonomous killer robot generates a foul odor. It might consume flies and emit a terrible smell, yet if this robot functions properly, it will mark a significant advancement towards achieving complete autonomy in robots.	Tech
President Jacques Chirac celebrated his 72nd birthday yesterday while dealing with a battle to uphold his significance in the face of an internal party challenge and ongoing tensions with the sole superpower in the world.	World
Update 4: Court Rejects Case From Hollinger Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. faced a blow on Friday in its legal confrontation with dismissed CEO Conrad Black and multiple associates when a federal judge significantly reduced its attempt to	Business
Warren is Cautioned Against Being Personal The NFL cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren to refrain from incurring a personal foul penalty against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in the forthcoming game.	Sports
Individual apprehended for attacking youths Beijing - Authorities in China have arrested a person accused of killing eight young individuals and wounding four more in a school residence overnight, according to state media reports late on Friday.	World
China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes from February to August and levied fines totaling $12.1 million for permitting children to engage in violent or adult-only gaming and other infractions, according to state media.	Tech
Cali Cartel Leader Extradited to U.S. on Drug Allegations BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The previous leader of the Cali drug cartel, who at one point dominated the majority of the global cocaine market, was extradited to the United States on Friday to confront trafficking and money laundering accusations.	World
The United States triumphed over Germany with a score of 2-1 in extra time, clinching a place in the final against Brazil in women's soccer. Heather O'Reilly, just after failing to convert an open goal opportunity, scored in the ninth minute of overtime on Monday, propelling the United States to a 2-1 victory over the reigning World Cup champions Germany and securing a spot in Thursday's gold medal match.	Sports
Office Depot Reports Earnings Below Anticipations NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the second biggest office supply retailer in the U.S., on Tuesday projected third-quarter and full-year profits that fall short of Wall Street predictions due to disturbances caused by recent hurricanes.	Business
Jabil Circuit Reports Boosted Profits SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; declared on Tuesday that it attained a higher quarterly profit due to growing demand for computers, mobile devices, and other electronic gadgets.	Business
Astronomers have discovered evidence that supports Einstein's theory. Einstein was correct: Researchers propose that satellites, which have undergone slight changes in their orbits, demonstrate that the Earth is indeed distorting the fabric of space-time as it rotates.	Tech
Sharapova Withdraws from Advanta Tournament (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships on Saturday because of a strained right shoulder.	Sports
Kendall Provides a Lift to the Jets' Offensive Line (AP) AP - When asked by Curtis Martin to identify one of the key additions to the New York Jets this season, he responds promptly: left guard Pete Kendall.	Sports
Auburn's Obomanu Remembers 'The Drop' (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu used to be interested in the goats of the sports world, the players who had the game in their grasp and failed. ""Wow, I wonder how that guy feels,"" he would think to himself. He no longer needs to wonder. Not since ""The Drop,"" his own infamous moment when an opportunity to defeat Mississippi last season slipped through his grasp in the end zone, transforming his dream game into a nightmare.	Sports
United States 66, Russia 62 Annoyed by fouls, turnovers, and a spirited competitor, the United States urgently sought assistance. Then Sheryl Swoopes arrived to rectify the situation.	Sports
Microsoft Reveals Software for File Retrieval (AP) AP - On Monday, Microsoft Corp. entered the competition for dominance in desktop search, launching a program designed for swiftly finding files on personal computers that competes with Google's two-month-old opposing product.	Tech
No. 9 Ohio State Defeats Marshall with Last-Minute FG COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time ran out propelled the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes to a thrilling 24-21 victory over the stubborn Marshall Thundering Herd in the inaugural matchup between the squads.	Sports
Car bomb explodes near Baghdad checkpoint near Allawi headquarters (Reuters) Reuters - A vehicle bomb that detonated near the headquarters of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's political party in western Baghdad on Monday targeted a police checkpoint situated at the entrance to the road leading to the building, according to witnesses.	World
Athens Bus Hijackers with Weapons Free Five Hostages (Update2) The hijackers, who held up to 26 individuals hostage on a commuter bus located on the fringes of Athens, have let go of five of the captives. According to a spokeswoman, police are engaged in discussions to secure the release of the remaining hostages.	World
Emotional salvation for Jones Jacque Jones dashed all the way around the bases, as if he was eager to share the moment.	Sports
Sharapova Moves On to Korea Open Quarter-Finals SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova triumphed over Japan's Miho Saeki with a score of 6-3, 6-1 on Thursday, securing her spot in the quarter-finals of the Hansol Korea Open.	Sports
Leinart, Bush, White, and Peterson head the last five. Four athletes from teams slated to play in the Orange Bowl are significantly featured in the list of Heisman Trophy contenders, which was revealed Wednesday evening on SportsCenter.	Sports
Safin Secures Third Paris Masters Title PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin captured the Paris Masters for a record-tying third occasion when he defeated Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek 6-3 7-6 6-3 on Sunday.	Sports
Headshake to the SETI Headfake Did the well-known screensaver, SETIhome, reveal the initial compelling indication of an alien signal? The SETI Institute's Seth Shostak talks about how exaggeration can distort the recent addition to a roster of stellar possibilities.	Tech
Allianz plans to challenge a US court ruling regarding the WTC attacks MUNICH - The German insurance company Allianz announced on Tuesday that it aims to dispute a New York jury's verdict that increased the insurance payout the leaseholder of the destroyed World Trade Center towers could receive from nine insurance companies.	Business
AOL Enhances Its Package with McAfee (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is improving its well-liked Internet service by providing virus protection software from McAfee at no additional cost to its subscribers. AOL (NYSE: AOL) asserts that it is the initial ISP to include premium antivirus protection in the standard membership package.	Tech
Soccer: Matuzalem's pair of goals quashes Celtic's Champions League dreams DONETSK, Ukraine: Brazilian midfielder Matuzalem braved the chilly conditions to score two goals for Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday in a 3-0 win that almost shattered Celtic's Champions League ambitions for this season.	Sports
Co-stars almost take center stage IT was a pairing that didn't follow the script but this is the realm where reality frequently mirrors the big screen. And for 64 minutes yesterday, the USA Tomahawks were simply cinematic.	Sports
National Business Updates ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Google Inc. achieved a significant legal success yesterday when a federal judge determined that its advertising policy does not breach federal trademark regulations.	Business
Mich. Rep. to Lead Intelligence Committee (AP) AP - Republican Representative Peter Hoekstra from Michigan was selected on Wednesday to lead the House Intelligence Committee during a contentious election-year discussion regarding the implementation of a significant reform of the country's intelligence framework.	World
The transition from traditional landline phones to mobile devices is speeding up. A notable trend shows that consumers are progressively moving away from fixed-line phones, choosing instead to depend on mobile handsets for most, if not all, of their voice communications, according to a study commissioned by Finnish mobile device maker Nokia through a UK market research firm.	Tech
South Sea Islands Pursue Geotourism The Cook Islands draw more tourists per person than any other location in the South Pacific. Officials are currently revising their tourism strategy to highlight conservation efforts.	Tech
OPEC Appears Cautious About Raising Oil Quotas  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC might oppose suggestions to significantly increase oil output quotas, if at all, during its meeting this week due to concerns that it could transform a drop from record prices into a disaster.	Business
Vodafone expressed today its continued interest in acquisitions in France, Eastern Europe, and Asia and Africa, as it outlined annual cost reductions anticipated to reach 2.	Business
"'Cure' is a 4-Letter Word for Oncologists. In an era where a greater number of individuals are overcoming cancer than ever before, fewer physicians appear to be inclined to acknowledge this. They describe the cancer as undetectable or in remission. They inform patients they can stop seeing cancer specialists. They reference statistics and assert the likelihood of the disease returning is minimal."	Tech
Approximately 100 Muslim girls in France are defying the recent prohibition on headscarves in schools, according to the education minister.	World
Spurrier is anticipated to take over for Holtz. Lou Holtz wanted his South Carolina team to concentrate on their matchup with Clemson. They now have a lot more to consider. Holtz will step down as coach at South Carolina.	Sports
Enormous toxic algae bloom observed near the coast of Washington state SEATTLE - A toxic algae bloom measuring 30 miles in width has been identified 15 miles off the northwestern coast of Washington state, the largest and most possibly deadly yet discovered by researchers in the area.	Tech
American Ian Crocker establishes a world record in the short course. INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Crocker from the United States recorded a short course world record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly during the world championships on Sunday.	Sports
Vote 2004 - a primer for the primary Prepare for the primary with the Herald-Tribune's distinct news segment showcasing all the federal, state, and local candidates in the races for Tuesday's election.	World
Jerkens makes the correct decision regarding Society Selection Trainer Allen Jerkens deliberated this past week about whether to run Society Selection in Saturday's Grade 1 Alabama at Saratoga.	Sports
Chinese President Hu Jintao held discussions with Fidel Castro on Monday, centering on the expanding relationship between Cuba and China, which has emerged as the island's third-largest trade partner.	World
Vietnam Commemorates Independence with Releases of Inmates  HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has freed almost 9,000 inmates, including 10 prisoners whose cases it claims had attracted international scrutiny, as part of customary pardons issued in advance of the independence festivities on September 2.	World
Militant Rivals Display Solidarity in Support of Arafat (AP) AP - The militant Palestinian organization Hamas announced on Friday that it was putting aside its disagreements with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and urged for a cohesive Palestinian leadership to strive toward general elections.	World
Open Letter Opposing British Copyright Indoctrination in Educational Institutions The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) has recently initiated a "Music Manifesto" campaign, which claims to aim at educating the forthcoming generation of British musicians. Regrettably, they have also partnered with the music industry (EMI and various artists) to promote this initiative. EMI seems to have successfully negotiated terms such that students in our schools will now receive indoctrination regarding the illegality of downloading music. The ignorance and arrogance of this situation prompted me to compose an open letter to the DfES about the matter. Unfortunately, it’s somewhat pedantic, as one might expect when addressing government officials. However, I hope you find it informative, and perhaps feel motivated to take similar action if or when such an issue arises in your locality.	Tech
AMD Introduces Affordable Internet Access Device in India The US semiconductor manufacturer Advanced Micro Devices AMD.N has launched an economical Internet access device that may be priced at only a few hundred dollars, targeted at novice technology users in developing countries.	Tech
Bank 'aims to obstruct Glazer takeover' The Financial Times states that Nomura, the Japanese financial institution, is involved in a plan to raise 200m to block a takeover of Man Utd by Malcolm Glazer.	Business
Cisco becomes a member of the WiMax Forum. The networking giant officially commits to the wireless broadband association as the group's membership expands.	Tech
Volkswagen Might Be Approaching an Agreement on Its Salary Discussions Volkswagen and its employees began a crucial week in their salary negotiations on Monday, with indications that a settlement was developing even as demonstrations erupted at factories throughout Germany.	World
Stock Futures Hold Steady Before GDP, Fed Speech NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures stayed nearly the same on Friday as investors anticipated significant economic information that could affect the market's opening direction.	Business
Veritas Continues to Dig into Its Finances By purchasing KVault, a company that develops e-mail-archiving software, it seeks to undermine EMC's advantage and restore investors' trust.	Tech
Jackson the Wizard of Loz NO MATTER her role as a participant in the world of basketball, Lauren Jackson #39;s enduring influence will be measured by her achievements with her squads.	Sports
CBS Penalized $550,000 for Jackson's Stunt (AP) AP - CBS received the invoice on Wednesday for Janet Jackson's attention-grabbing flash dance during the Super Bowl halftime performance: a historic $550,000.	Sports
Koch and Park top the leaderboard on day one of the Nine Bridges Classic. Carin Koch from Sweden and Grace Park from South Korea both recorded a 6-under-par 66 on Friday, securing the lead after the opening round of the LPGA's CJ Nine Bridges Classic.	Sports
A lesser-known extremist Islamic organization has issued threats to assassinate Indian cricketers during their visit to Bangladesh starting Tuesday, as reported by the Indian High Commission to AFP.	World
OPEC Raises Oil Production The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has decided to boost production by one million barrels daily in an effort to reduce oil prices.	Business
Saban's hiring is paused DAVIE - The Dolphins are interested in Nick Saban, and the LSU coach may be headed their way. While LSU Athletic Director Skip Bertman mentioned on Friday that "an offer is very imminent," the Dolphins are dedicated to following through.	Sports
Northwest's increase in fees has prompted agents to express their frustration. The airline announced that it will cover only $5 of the $12.50 charge for booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system like Sabre or Galileo beginning Wednesday.	Business
Cocoa prices declined, yet Ivorian exports continue to be halted. According to traders, global cocoa prices fell on Tuesday but recovered slightly from the day's lows as exports remained stalled due to mob violence and military conflicts in Ivory Coast, the primary global supplier.	World
Vulnerabilities Discovered in Cisco, Veritas, and Samba Software (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Security sources report four largely unrelated enterprise weaknesses in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas' Backup Exec, and Samba, the Linux file-sharing tool for Windows.	Tech
Texas Institution to Provide Women's Gaming Grant (Reuters) Reuters - In an effort to bring more females into the predominantly male video game sector, a scheme for prospective game developers at Southern Methodist University will present a scholarship exclusively for women, organizers announced on Thursday.	Tech
Yukos intends to rectify its situation prior to the auction. The Russian oil company Yukos announced yesterday that its management was assembling an urgent strategy to maintain operations for several months, even after the sale of its key asset in December.	Business
You assert you’re selling, I assert potato. Unhappy shareholders start legal proceedings to force negotiations with Oracle as PeopleSoft's two primary shareholders choose to disagree.	Business
Car sales skyrocketed in September. Auto sales jumped 10 in September, driven by a 25 increase at General Motors and rises for Chrysler and Toyota. GM experienced its largest growth in two years after raising rebates.	Business
BlueGene overtakes Earth Simulator At long last, the Earth Simulator, a supercomputer by NEC, has been surpassed. IBM revealed yesterday that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer reached a sustained performance of 36.	Business
Berkshire Hathaway's vice-chairman Charles Munger and his spouse Nancy Munger contributed \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school on Thursday.	Business
Qwest has consented to pay \$250 million to conclude a federal investigation into purportedly fraudulent accounting practices employed by its former executives.	Business
Cisco and Microsoft have reached an understanding concerning security. Cisco and Microsoft have received the signal: IT managers are fatigued from persistently addressing security vulnerabilities in their networks.	Tech
Report: Drugs Led to Ken Caminiti's Death NEW YORK - A drug overdose was the cause of death for former baseball player Ken Caminiti, who had a positive test for cocaine in the weeks leading up to his passing at the age of 41 and had confessed to using steroids during his career, as determined by the city medical examiner on Monday.	Sports
Iraqi Airways has restarted international flights after a 14-year hiatus. On Saturday, a plane departed from neighboring Jordan, marking the airline's first international flight since UN sanctions were placed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.	World
Oil Declines 3 Percent as U.S. Winter Stays Mild NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell 3 percent on Monday because of anticipations that the ongoing mild weather in the U.S. at the start of the New Year will limit heating oil usage.	Business
Social Security Reform a Benefit for Funds? (Reuters) Reuters - The windfall that many think President Bush has provided the mutual fund sector with his intentions to overhaul Social Security could be an illusion, industry executives remarked on Friday.	Business
Caley Set on Making the Correct Decision Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Ken Mackie asserts that the club will not be hurried into selecting a replacement for John Robertson.	Sports
Dollar Retains Increases, Fed Remarks Support TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar maintained its gains from the previous day on Tuesday, bolstered by declining oil prices and positive remarks regarding the U.S. economy from Federal Reserve representatives.	Business
Cardinals Dominate Dodgers to Take 2-0 Series Advantage Mike Matheny's two-RBI single emphasized a three-run fifth inning surge that propelled the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 victory against the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series on Thursday.	Sports
The maker of Twinkies has filed for bankruptcy. Interstate Bakeries Corp. has announced its bankruptcy due to rising costs and a drop in demand for carbohydrate-rich breads and pastries, including its Wonder Bread and Hostess Twinkies.	Business
Gunfire Breaks Out in Haiti Slum Supportive of Aristide PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Shots were fired in a neighborhood filled with supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, causing individuals to flee through litter-strewn streets following	World
FDA Requires Cautionary Labels on Antidepressants By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday required that all antidepressants carry "black box" warnings signifying they "increase the risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors" in children who take them.    Patients and their guardians will receive medication guides featuring the warning with every new prescription or refill...	Tech
Significant Game Hunting Virginia, the Navy and Maryland face crucial matches that could potentially be &lt;em&gt;program-changing &lt;/em&gt; battles for the Cavaliers and Midshipmen as they go up against Florida State and Notre Dame, respectively, this Saturday.	Sports
Permitted Parties to Reach Out to Absentee Voters (AP) AP - Similar to fishing in a filled pond rather than an ocean, politicians are attempting to secure votes by directing phone calls and flyers at those who have already requested absentee ballots.	World
Saks reveals plans to close certain stores. Saks states that closing underperforming locations will enable the company to concentrate on its more "successful" stores and enhance its brand further.	Business
UPI NewsTrack Sports -- The USA men's basketball squad concluded a significant day for the United States by overcoming Greece for an important victory, 77-71. "They competed with passion," stated Coach Larry Brown. "That's all you can demand." ...	Sports
The Times is set to discontinue its broadsheet format and transition to a tabloid style starting Monday, it was announced today. The choice was made following a successful trial of the compact edition, according to editor Robert Thomson.	Sports
Al-Jazeera aired new footage of a British hostage in Iraq making an urgent appeal (AFP) AFP - Kidnapped Briton Margaret Hassan made another plea for the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq, as reported by Al-Jazeera television, which showed her in a video.	World
Dolphins' Fiedler Unhappy About Being Benched (AP) AP - Dave Wannstedt was not pleased with Jay Fiedler on Saturday, and Fiedler shared that sentiment. Wannstedt replaced Fiedler at halftime during the Miami Dolphins' 17-7 defeat to the Tennessee Titans, and the quarterback expressed his disappointment regarding the swift decision.	Sports
Pitt could disrupt the BCS with a final win. As if the situation wasn't already dire for the Bowl Championship Series, it seems that Pittsburgh will be representing the Big East with an 8-3 record.	Sports
Nepal Requests Negotiations to Conclude Rebel Blockade of Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Concerns over potential attacks prevented most vehicles from using roads to Nepal's capital for a second consecutive day on Thursday as officials aimed to initiate discussions to resolve a siege imposed by Maoist insurgents.	World
Canada and Finland dominate pools. Martin Brodeur stopped 27 shots, and Brad Richards, Kris Draper, and Joe Sakic found the net to assist Canada in defeating Russia, 3-1, last night in Toronto, securing the Canadians a perfect 3-0 record in the round-robin phase of the World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
Not to be outdone, Yahoo boosts e-mail storage (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) has increased e-mail storage for users of its complimentary e-mail service from 100 megabytes to 250 MB. The Internet behemoth has also introduced an anti-spam authentication system called DomainKeys, which reduces messages sent from fraudulent addresses.	Tech
SEC Investigates United Rentals, Shares Drop CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are examining United Rentals Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have requested specific accounting documents, as the company reported on Monday, leading to a 21.5 percent decrease in its stock value.	Business
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Deceptions and Dishonest CEOs Who Communicate Them PeopleSoft's board was aware that CEO Craig Conway had made mistakes in his statements, prompting it to submit a revised version of the meeting transcript to the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
Top-seeded Roger Federer encountered difficulties but succeeded in defeating the determined Frenchman Nicolas Thomann, moving on to the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.	Sports
Cheney Supports Congressional Candidates (AP) AP - With two congressional positions in Louisiana still available, Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned in the region on Wednesday, endorsing Republicans who are aiming for a complete win in Saturday's runoff elections.	World
Barca triumphs once more Barcelona has surged 12 points ahead at the summit of Spain's Primera Liga following a 2-1 victory against Albacete. Andres Iniesta gave Barca the lead after merely two minutes, but when Mark Gonzalez equalized at 1-1 with 17 minutes remaining.	Sports
Surrey is poised to secure Harbhajan Surrey is waiting for approval from the Board of Control for Cricket in India prior to finalizing Harbhajan Singh as an international acquisition for 2005.	Sports
IBM and Intel are set to unveil blade specifications. In an anticipated announcement today, hardware manufacturers will be able to obtain the BladeCenter specifications by agreeing to a seven-page licensing contract, which provides users the ability to license the specifications for specific types of products.	Tech
Brown bears arrived in North America sooner than previously believed, fossil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This finding also provides insight into the lineage of contemporary brown bears, which has perplexed scientists for a long time. A genetic examination of the skull fragment suggests that its possessor was closely linked to the brown bears.	Tech
UN Council Set to Decide on Darfur Resolution  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and China engaged in final discussions on Saturday prior to the U.N. Security Council's vote on a resolution that would evaluate the implementation of oil sanctions against Sudan if it failed to cease atrocities in the Darfur area.	World
Auburn Remains Undefeated No. 2 Auburn comes back in the second half and overcomes rival Alabama, 21-13, on Saturday to maintain its hopes for a national championship.	Sports
Volcano 'cowboys' who navigate a ring of fire Scientists utilize various tools, including gas-detecting equipment and GPS technology, to improve predictions on when a volcano will become active. By Brad Knickerbocker Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	Tech
Sanjay Kumar, who previously served as the CEO of Computer Associates located in Islandia, NY, pleaded not guilty on Thursday to charges that he helped inflate the company's financial outcomes.	Business
Motorola and HP are collaborating on Linux Motorola intends to market mobile phone network equipment that operates on Linux-based software, a progression in network equipment manufacturers' attempts to unite around a common standard.	Tech
Organizations Point to Video Games for Violence and Sexual Content (AP) AP - Video games that involve players shooting opposing gang members, viewing scantily clad women, and reenacting the assassination of President Kennedy were condemned on Tuesday by advocacy groups that argued, at minimum, they should be restricted from children.	Tech
Vivendi, Messier Penalized \$1.35M Each French authorities imposed fines of nearly \$1.4 million on Vivendi Universal SA and its ex-CEO Jean-Marie Messier on Tuesday for misleading investors with a series of false financial statements released over a two-year timeframe.	Business
Pfizer has announced a settlement for asbestos-related claims NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - Pfizer (PFE) stated on Friday that it has consented to pay \$430 million to resolve all legal actions against it claiming harm from insulation products produced by one of its subsidiaries.	Business
Molson warns of earnings disappointment MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has issued a caution regarding unsatisfactory summer-quarter earnings, indicating that sales have been sluggish in Canada and profit margins have been tightened in Brazil.	Business
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal anguish affecting com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Cavaliers have brought back Wagner again CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Cleveland Cavaliers have reactivated Dajuan Wagner from the injury list on Monday for a second time this season. Wagner missed five games due to inflammation in his right arch after previously sitting out seven games because of a sprained right ankle.	Sports
Oracle Corporation announced today that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to purchase PeopleSoft Inc. for about \$10.3 billion. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
The position of England coach remains a full-time role. The Football Association stated yesterday that it has no intentions of making the England coach's job a part-time role. A story in the Daily Mirror suggested that the FA was thinking about hiring a Premier League manager.	Sports
Militants who are detaining UN employees announced yesterday that discussions with Afghan and UN representatives have been delayed for an additional day.	World
Iran will stop negotiations with the EU if talks end in a deadlock. A high-ranking Iranian official mentioned on Sunday that Iran would withdraw from discussions with the European Union (EU) if the upcoming meetings in Brussels ended in a deadlock, as reported by the official IRNA news agency.	World
Melrose falls short Melrose approached its Thanksgiving Day game against Wakefield as an unbeaten force headed for the playoffs. However, Wakefield has stumbled the Red Raiders in past seasons -- and yesterday was no different.	Sports
Anticipating the Sun's destiny: Astronomical interferometry uncovers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the first time, a global group of astronomers headed by Guy Perrin from the Paris Observatory/LESIA, (Meudon, France) and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (Tucson, Arizona, USA) has detected the nearby surroundings of	Tech
Jury Selection for Bryant Conducted Privately (AP) AP - Potential jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case were queried about their opinions on racial bias, interracial romances, cheating in marriage, and justice for the wealthy and renowned in an 82-question survey made public on Monday.	Sports
France and Brazil lead a campaign for a new global initiative to combat poverty. UNITED NATIONS: The heads of Brazil and France called for renewed actions to address poverty and hunger in developing countries, which encompasses the controversial creation of an international tax to mitigate the negative effects of globalization.	World
Cardinals fail to figure out Schilling. The initial at-bat of the game seemed to drag on, with Red Sox starting pitcher Curt Schilling trying to wrap up the inning with minimal damage, while St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria sought to disrupt his game plan. After twelve pitches, including multiple fouls, Schilling managed to get Renteria to ground out to shortstop.	Sports
Chinese figure skaters triumph at Smart Ones Skate America. The Chinese pair of Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao have secured the top position in pairs free skating at Smart Ones Skate America, the opening event of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix.	Sports
The Eagles lead the Cowboys 7-0 after the first quarter. Terrell Owens turned the first pass thrown to him into a 59-yard touchdown, giving the Philadelphia Eagles a 7-0 advantage over the Dallas Cowboys after the opening quarter on Monday night.	Sports
Batman arrives at Buckingham Palace A security officer watches as father #39;s rights advocate Jason Hatch (R), dressed as Batman, holds a demonstration on a balcony at Buckingham Palace in London, September 13, 2004.	World
NFL Delays Miami Game Because of Hurricane Jeanne The National Football League has rescheduled the game that was set for Sunday between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins in Miami due to the danger posed by Hurricane Jeanne.	Sports
Keane scores twice to set Spurs back on course. Tottenham, in chaos last weekend due to the unexpected exit of manager Jacques Santini, managed to stabilize their struggling season last night by defeating Championship competitors.	Sports
Martinez departs feeling resentful. Similar to Roger Clemens nearly eight years prior, Pedro Martinez has exited the Red Sox seemingly upset over how he was treated by the management.	Sports
Panama-Cuba 'pardon' dispute escalates as Panama withdraws its ambassador from Havana after Cuba warned of severing relations if imprisoned anti-Castro activists receive clemency.	World
Boston's Archbishop expresses the deep sorrow over the closures. BOSTON The Archbishop of Boston is informing Catholics that the financial situation of the church is "far worse than most people understand."	Sports
Microsoft Alters Its Stance on Transferring SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond had informed developers in private earlier this year about intentions to transfer certain SP2 fixes to previous iterations of Windows.	Tech
Bode Miller secured his fourth victory of the World Cup season on Friday, with Daron Rahlves finishing in second place -- marking the inaugural 1-2 finish for US men in a World Cup downhill event.	Sports
The relatives of an 82-year-old man with Alzheimer's disease, who was left at a hospital, have stepped forward.	World
The United Nations claims that Afghanistan's election can validate the conditions following the war (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan has an opportunity for genuine political legitimacy as citizens head to the polls in the nation's inaugural presidential election since the Taliban, according to the UN's representative to the country.	World
Funds: What Characteristics Define a Successful Fund? (Reuters) Reuters - (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who reports on mutual funds for Reuters. Any views expressed in the column are exclusively those of Mr. Willis.)	Business
Chirac Identifies Potential in China's Economic Growth  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac stated on Saturday that France was a natural commercial ally to China and, amid a rush of air, rail, and energy agreements, minimized any danger from one of the world's rapidly expanding economies.	World
Approximately 120 million origami peace birds were released into the sky above southern Thailand yesterday in an effort to diminish a Muslim insurgency that has resulted in the deaths of over 500 individuals this year.	World
Ireland has prohibited calls to 13 nations in an effort to combat internet scams. Ireland's telecommunications regulator announced this week that it is implementing "extraordinary" actions to safeguard internet users from malicious autodialer software that take control of their modems and accumulate significant long-distance phone charges by halting direct dialing to 13 countries, primarily.	Tech
Amid ongoing conflict, US troops are transitioning to humanitarian assistance. US forces in Fallujah are providing food and medical aid while confronting sporadic groups of guerrilla resistance.	World
Sole Survivor Producing sneakers in the U.S. is so outdated. How is New Balance able to accomplish this -- and continue to succeed?	Business
By 2008, one out of every four servers is expected to operate on Linux. A report from the research firm forecasted a promising outlook for the open-source operating system, asserting that the distribution of servers using Linux—along with the revenue generated from those distributions—will see substantial growth in the next five years.	Tech
Sihamoni poised to assume leadership: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk announced on Sunday that his son, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni is prepared to embrace the throne.	World
Firefox Offers No Reason to Endure Internet Explorer. This sentiment should have been conveyed much earlier. After Microsoft's creation of a monopoly in the web browser sector, it permitted Internet Explorer to stagnate, releasing subpar updates that ignored security flaws.	Tech
The drop in the US dollar is a reminder for countries, according to IMF's Rajan. The depreciation of the US dollar indicates that policymakers must take additional measures to prevent the currency's decline from adversely affecting global growth, said Raghuram Rajan, the chief economist of the International Monetary Fund.	Business
A firm founded by a chemistry researcher at the University of Louisville has obtained funding to develop a technique for producing enhanced peptides, which are brief chains of amino acids, the essential building blocks of proteins.	Tech
Saudi Rejects Claims of Inaction Against Insurgents (AP) AP - A high-ranking Saudi official dismissed on Friday an assertion that his government had been negligent in going after Saudi citizens who finance Iraqi insurgents or terrorist organizations.	World
Search Marketing Beyond Google and Overture When people talk about pay-per-click (PPC) search engine advertising, the conversation typically centers on Google and Overture (Yahoo!). Nevertheless, in reality, there are many smaller 'Tier Two' search engines that offer appealing PPC opportunities.	Tech
On Thursday, Australian Prime Minister John Howard stated that he will not merely go along with the actions of his British counterpart Tony Blair, who has suggested he might apologize for the misleading information regarding Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	World
China 'Seriously Alarmed' by Japan's Defense Action  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China expressed serious alarm on Saturday regarding Japan's extensive revision of defense policy that relaxed a long-standing prohibition on arms exports and hinted at a transition from a defensive stance established after its defeat in World War II.	World
Swedish engineering firm Atlas Copco announced on Monday that it will divest its electric tool division to Techtronic Industries Co., based in Hong Kong.	Business
Bush Confronts Demanding Pre-RNC Travel Itinerary (AP) AP - President Bush plunges into the crucial lead-up to the Republican National Convention with a packed campaign agenda in essential states he must win in November.	World
On Tuesday morning, two Michigan State football players were taken into custody for creating three improvised "MacGyver bombs" and placing them outside a residence hall.	Sports
For Dempsey, the deadlock in soccer is seen as a worry as US national team hopefuls were anticipated to commence training in Los Angeles this week for the beginning of the final stage of World Cup qualifying. However, the training camp has been delayed due to a contractual disagreement between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association.	Sports
Screensaver Takes a Stand Against Spammers New software enables spam recipients to unite in targeting websites associated with the messages. The concept is to inundate the sites with messages, resulting in slowdowns and increasing their operational costs.	Tech
Amazon Enhances Web Services Tools, Introduces Alexa Access The Amazon Web Services (AWS) segment of the online retail powerhouse Amazon.com announced yesterday the launch of Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service.	Tech
AOL takes aim at spammers A number of legal measures were launched on Thursday by the top four US Internet service providers against alleged spammers. This encompasses a lawsuit brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of sending spam, or	Tech
Chiefs' Green Anticipated to Begin on Sunday KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green is anticipated to begin in Sunday's matchup versus the Oakland Raiders even though he is dealing with bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
MmO2 Unveils Launch of 3G Mobile Data Network Users will have the ability to download movie clips, audio and video content, interactive multiplayer games, multimedia music tracks, "push-to-watch" services, and also retrieve large email attachments.	Tech
Conflicting factions in Darfur are set to convene in Nigeria for negotiations (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government and its rival rebel factions from the Darfur region will assemble on Monday for talks focused on achieving peace, representing a final opportunity for African diplomatic efforts to address the crisis before the United Nations intervenes.	World
