Conversion Ratios Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Outcomes Conversion Ratios Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Outcomes\\In a thread over at Cre8asite Forums titled Organic vs Paid traffic ROI?, there is a conversation occurring about the various conversion ratios and ROI observed between the pay per click traffic (paid traffic) and organic traffic (free traffic). I have ...	Tech
GOP Intensifies Assaults As Convention Commences NEW YORK (AP) -- Sen. John McCain stated Monday it was reasonable to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war demonstrations three decades ago, launching an initial barrage as Republicans at their national convention aimed to depict President Bush as a robust wartime chief.	World
LG Electronics Reveals Global #39;s Initial Terrestrial DMB-Receiving &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LG Electronics has revealed the globe's first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile device, and showcased its capabilities.	Tech
Iraq Mortar Strike Claims 25, Sistani Journeys to Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A mortar strike on a crowded mosque in the town of Kufa on Thursday claimed at least 25 individuals as Iraq's most powerful Shi'ite cleric traveled to the nearby sacred city of Najaf to attempt to conclude a bloody three-week rebellion.	World
CASEY REMARKS NOT #39;INTELLIGENT #39; - VERPLANK The backlash to anti-American remarks by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already commenced - and is likely only to worsen in the upcoming months.	Sports
Virgin desiring for Melbourne Sir Richard stated yesterday Melbourne was on his desire list, with flights to London potentially through Hong Kong or Bangkok. The British tycoon arrived in Sydney yesterday aboard Virgin Atlantic's debut Australian flight.	Business
Montgomerie, Woods, Furyk Equal at Target (AP) AP - Colin Montgomerie was thrilled to receive an invitation from Tiger Woods to partake in his year-end competition with 15 of the top contenders in golf. Even better was matching Woods' count.	Sports
Oracle Revamps Sales-Side Apps for CRM Suite (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has revamped its sales-side CRM applications in version 11i.10 of its sales, marketing, partner relationship management and e-commerce application.	Tech
Microsoft, Swatch Collaborate on Wireless Timepiece (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has teamed up with Swatch to provide the latest in a series of clever wristwatches utilizing the software giant's MSN Direct wireless content-delivery technology.	Tech
Singapore Stocks Concluded Lower Singapore stocks concluded lower Monday, impacted by below-anticipated third-quarter economic figures that contributed to persistent worries over elevated oil prices and fragility on Wall Street.	Business
Bedding Hiccup? Return to Slumber This is becoming stale. Every time Hidden Treasures choice Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) gets established in and prepared for a lengthy night’s repose full of visions of two-times-in-three-years capital profits, along	Business
Silvestre #39;s twin goals assist Man. United defeat Liverpool Silvestre turned into Man. United #39;s champion as he netted twice to elevate a 2-1 triumph over Liverpool for home team when all gazes were on Rio Ferdinand as he returned after an eight-match suspension on Monday.	Sports
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm commenced existence in 1985 in a very unremarkable manner -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' den. The area was small and cluttered. The founding team consisted of seven individuals, who were zealous but understated.	Tech
SMART-1 achieves lunar orbit The SMART-1 spacecraft has entered its lunar orbit, and the history records as the first European mission to have accomplished so. Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (ESA), stated: "Europe	Tech
McCline, Byrd say battle won #39;t impact heavy on camaraderie Jameel McCline had made a custom of calling heavyweight champion Chris Byrd, his close friend, whenever he discovered about his next bout in order to hear Byrd #39;s perspective and discuss tactics.	Sports
Spanish PM to host French, German partners in Madrid conference (AFP) AFP - Finalizing endorsement of an EU charter and the issue of terrorism will dominate the agenda when Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero greets French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to a summit meeting Monday.	World
Sharpest perspective yet of Saturn's biggest satellite Scientists managing the cameras aboard the Cassini probe in orbit around Saturn have just retrieved two remarkable, differing images of the planet's most fascinating moons.	Tech
Outstanding Putting Grants Europe a 2 - 0 Ryder Cup Advantage Motivated by an exceptional putting exhibition, defenders Europe obtained the initial two points in the opening fourball contests against the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Friday.	Sports
Losing the War on Terrorism \\""Sven Jaschan, self-admitted creator of the Netsky and Sasser viruses, is\responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a six-month\virus summary published Wednesday by antivirus firm Sophos.""\\""The 18-year-old Jaschan was apprehended in Germany in May by authorities who\said he had confessed programming both the Netsky and Sasser worms, something\experts at Microsoft verified. (A Microsoft antivirus reward program led to the\teenager's detention.) During the five months preceding Jaschan's capture, there\were at least 25 variations of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm\Sasser.""\\""Graham Cluley, senior technology advisor at Sophos, said it was staggering ...\\	Tech
IBM places G5 in Linux server The eServer OpenPower 720 is targeted at the entry-level sector for 64-bit Linux-based servers and operates various arrangements of what IBM refers to as the Power5 at 1.5 and 1.65GHz.	Tech
US launches new assault on Taliban The US-led military coalition in Afghanistan has initiated a major offensive against insurgents loyal to the overthrown Taliban regime in an effort to suppress any attempt to interfere with parliamentary elections next spring.	World
Iraq religious leader 'to conclude Najaf rebellion' Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr reportedly consents to terminate an insurrection in the sacred Iraqi city of Najaf.	World
HP alters emphasis for HP-UX Hewlett-Packard has abandoned plans to enhance its HP-UX operating system with new high availability and clustering technology it obtained in its 2002 acquisition of Compaq. The company will rather shift its development emphasis to new areas, as it endeavors to persuade customers that there is still vitality in its timeworn Unix operating system.	Tech
Why 2004 was the year of the blog A US dictionary publisher declares ""blog"" as one of the phrases of the year.	World
Sparkle commences delivering GeForce 6600 GT AGP &lt;a href=""http://www.hardwareanalysis.com/content/article/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP, as excellent as it gets?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardware Analysis&lt;/nobr&gt;	Tech
Casino proprietors collaborate in Macao MACAO Publishing & Broadcasting stated Tuesday that it had acquired a share in Stanley Ho's most recent gaming endeavor in Macao as Asia's two foremost casino operators join forces to grow in the area.	Business
Peru Initiates Campaign to Regain Blockaded Town  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian officials on Monday commenced an assault to reclaim a police facility and conclude a three-day blockade by former troops in a southern Andean locality.	World
Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. on Thursday announced it would provide the world's first throwaway digital camera with a vibrant color display screen that enables consumers to immediately review pictures.	Tech
Owen health possesses the secret Michael Owen will have one final opportunity to demonstrate his fitness - and potentially decide which formation England will utilize against Wales on Saturday.	Sports
Toys Will Be Toys Trust me, you don #39;t desire to witness frantic parents shopping over the holidays. I was at Circuit City (NYSE: CC) last week and observed a mother begging with a sales associate for a Nintendo DS portable gaming device.	Tech
UN arranges open-code software occasion throughout Asia The United Nations, via its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will arrange the first yearly Software Liberation Day on Saturday in an effort to enlighten Asian users about the benefits of Free and Open Code Software (FOSS) and advocate its wider application in the region.	Tech
IBM intends to launch an online meeting service, targeting WebEx. IBM's new Lotus Web Conferencing Service, anticipated to be provided next month, necessitates that users merely sign up for an account and possess an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a telephone.	Tech
Broadband Suppliers Observe Philly's Proposals To Provide Citywide Wi-Fi (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - With Philadelphia's recent suggestion to establish a citywide broadband wireless network, will there be fraternal affection between the city and its broadband service suppliers?	Tech
Citrix acquiring VPN firm Net6 for \$50 million BOSTON - Citrix Systems is purchasing Net6, a privately-held producer of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) VPN (Virtual Private Network) technology, for \$50 million cash, Citrix stated Tuesday.	Tech
Chirac Sees Chance in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac  stated Saturday that France was a natural commerce partner to  China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy agreements, minimized any threat from one the globe's fastest developing economies.	World
China trade volume to attain \$1.1 trillion in 2004 China #39;s overall trade volume will reach 1.1 trillion US dollars in 2004 -- up 30 percent over 2003 -- with a trade excess of about 10 billion US dollars, said Assistant Minister of Commerce Yi Xiaozhun.	Business
French Seize Gold, Bronze in Solo Kayak ATHENS, Greece - Succeeding on whitewater tracks in the clan for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, although an Olympic gold is something unique. Peschier paddled his single-person kayak confidently but penalty free in both his semifinal and final runs on the synthetic Olympic ...	Sports
Arafat to pursue therapy in France RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - Yasser Arafat is about to depart his compound in the West Bank for the first time in two and a half years. Two choppers from Jordan were anticipated to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday.	World
Colgate to Decrease 4,400 Roles, Close Factories NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; will decrease about 4,400 roles, or 12 percent of its staff, and shut nearly a third of its facilities under a restructuring, the consumer products company said on Tuesday.	Business
India must acknowledge global truths: PM Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has replied to the Left's critique of his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush by stating India must acknowledge global truths.	World
Conference mishaps peak ranking ATLANTA - Tommy Tuberville isn #39;t very keen on computers and equations to ascertain who should compete for college football #39;s national title.	Sports
Tennis: Roddick and Williams eliminated ATHENS Shell-shocked Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams joined already-defeated men's top seed Roger Federer in the favorites' exodus from the Olympic tennis competition on Wednesday.	Sports
Atlanta authorities apprehend Braves athlete on DUI accusation ATLANTA - An Atlanta Braves athlete is in the Atlanta Jail today after being detained on a charge of operating under the influence. Members of the DUI Task Force apprehended shortstop Rafael Furcal about 4:20 am.	Sports
Nasa to restart shuttle operations The American space organization Nasa states the first space shuttle operation since the Columbia catastrophe of 2003 is to be launched next May or early June.	Tech
Jury Can Hear of Kobe Accuser's Sexual History (AP) AP - Prosecutors endured another setback Monday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, losing a final attempt to prevent the NBA star's attorneys from informing jurors about the purported victim's sexual history.	Sports
Terrible Day for Pharmaceutical Companies - and Patients LONDON (Reuters) - Participants in pharmaceuticals were hit with a triple setback on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and Eli Lilly and Co all caught the market off guard with unfortunate news about vital products.	Business
Marathoning rodents could have Olympian impacts on obesity. A molecular switch known to control fat metabolism seems to avert obesity and transforms laboratory mice into marathon runners, a Salk Institute research has discovered.	Tech
CRICKET: Kaspa has selectors in a predicament MICHAEL Kasprowicz has put national choosers into a challenging situation with a five-wicket explosion that has improved Australia’s prospects of seizing a maiden Champions Trophy in London this month.	Sports
Nuts supporter interrupts Weir #39;s round IN AN unpleasant recurrence of the Athens Games marathon debacle, Mike Weir was seized by a fan as he walked to the 11th tee during the final round of the Canadian Open on Sunday.	Sports
Kremlin dismisses public investigation on Beslan LONDON President Vladimir Putin of Russia has excluded a public investigation into the Beslan school siege and snapped at those who believe he should negotiate with Chechen insurgents, two British newspapers reported Tuesday.	World
Human Gene Total Drops Below 25,000 A new report from the global consortium of laboratories that deciphered the human genome has adjusted the estimated count of human genes significantly downward.	Tech
Gold Indian Coin Anticipated to Bring #36;27,000 (Reuters) Reuters - An Indian gold coin which is nearly 1,900 years ancient and displays one of the earliest representations of Buddha is set to be auctioned where it is predicted to yield up to 15,000 pounds (#36;27,000).	Tech
DATA VIEW: HK Exports Decelerate In July, But Momentum Steady HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong's shipment growth slowed a bit in July, as anticipated, but still persisted at double-digit rates owing to high trade volume with mainland China.	Business
$78,000 for a Cane That Assisted a Icon Walk the Path Many of Johnny Cash's belongings were auctioned at Sotheby's, gathering $3,984,260 for the Cash family, more than twice the pre-auction forecast.	World
UK cannot retain suspects indefinitely (OfficialWire) -- 12/16/04 -- Britain #39;s supreme court ruled Thursday against keeping terror suspects without trial, stating the government cannot imprison terror suspects indefinitely without trial.	World
Game on as Sony places 100 label on PSP system SONY is going head-to-head with Nintendo in the contest for the portable games console market. The company will set its long-anticipated PlayStation Portable (PSP) at approximately 100 for its debut in Japan, when	Tech
Japanese Utility Suggests IPO in October (AP) AP - Electric Power Development Co., a former state-run utility, stated Friday it is planning an initial public offering on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October, a deal that could be the nation's largest new stock listing in six years.	World
China recognized it is worried about the obvious pause of six-party talks regarding North Korea's nuclear weapon program and ascribed the lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
Avaya to purchase German IP telephony supplier U.S. telecommunications apparatus manufacturer Avaya Inc. augmented its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, consenting to acquire German enterprise communications provider Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Indian-Americans applaud Manmohan address New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Members of the Indian-American community who attended a public gathering addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh welcomed his address and expressed assurance that India would soon be a prosperous economy.	World
Preventing Mad Cow from Cosmetics Since mad cow sickness appeared in the United States late last year, linked to a cow brought in from Canada, federal authorities have released guidelines to hinder the spread of the lethal illness, concentrating on restricting beef imports, examination and other actions to safeguard the domestic herd.	Business
Sudanese insurgents, AU meet Darfur's rebel chiefs held initial discussions with African Union negotiators in Abuja on Friday in advance of the latest series of peace discussions on the crisis in the western Sudanese area.	World
Worldwide Trade Organization delays penalties concerning US anti &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Worldwide Trade Organization deferred Wednesday on approving harsh penalties on US deliveries - ranging from cod to mobile homes - intended at punishing Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd modification.	Business
Musharraf Optimistic For Kashmir Resolution ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Nov 10 (SADA) - President General Pervez Musharraf Tuesday anticipated that discussion on alternatives he outlined recently on Kashmir matter would bring Pakistan and India nearer to discover the resolution of decades-old conflict.	World
Major squads recover in World Cup football eliminators LONDON: After a varied collection of outcomes in the weekend's football qualifiers, Europe’s significant nations asserted their power this morning with France, England and Italy all triumphing away.	Sports
Freddie #39;s objective fury FED-UP Freddie Ljungberg states Arsenal must cease allowing in foolish goals or confront another season of Euro anguish. The disheartened Swede believes the Gunners have already squandered a precious chance.	Sports
Washington Baseball Supporters Anticipate News on Expos (Reuters) Reuters - Baseball enthusiasts in the nation's capital were eagerly awaiting official word on Wednesday that the financially troubled Montreal Expos would transfer to the city for the 2005 season.	Sports
Schwarzenegger Signs 'Foie Gras' Measure (AP) AP - California will cease the forced feeding of ducks, geese and other fowl to create the gourmet liver product foie gras by 2012 under legislation signed Wednesday by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Tech
Microsoft and Dell Secure Air Force Contract Microsoft Corp. on Friday announced that together with Dell Inc. it will supply the Air Force with software and associated support services to streamline the procurement process in an agreement valued at up to \$500 million over six years.	Tech
Football: Brazil icon's UK introduction Brazil football legend Socrates is poised to make his premiere for non-league Garforth Town on Saturday.	World
U.S.-Australia Swimming Competition Set to Intensify  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The contest between the U.S. and Australia is set to intensify at the short course global championships with most of the five finals later Sunday featuring direct confrontations by the two swimming giants.	Sports
#39;Thankful #39; Kabul captives anticipate returning to employment Three UN election personnel who were liberated yesterday nearly a month after being kidnapped in Afghanistan have expressed their thankfulness to the Afghan populace for aiding them during their ordeal.	World
IT firms put to the fidelity examination Cisco, IBM, Microsoft and SAP possess the most devoted clients in IT, according to a report published today. The fact that they are some of the largest, most prosperous IT suppliers in	Tech
Intuit delves deeper into IT, overhauls Quicken The software developer adds a network administration application. It also refreshes its Quicken personal-finance software.	Tech
Exchange Your Computer, or Your Leader The creator of advertisements featuring PC users who transitioned to Macs is employing the same strategy for political commercials. This time, he'll concentrate on former supporters of President Bush, enlisted online, who've altered their political loyalty. By Louise Witt.	Tech
Large consolidation could confine Qwest in Qwest Communications may not be instantly influenced by a Sprint-Nextel amalgamation, but its choices could become more restricted. At one time, Qwest and Sprint were regarded as potential merger associates.	Business
League of Advancement Major League Soccer intends to launch a new league to cultivate young athletes, part of its 10-year sponsorship agreement with Adidas.	Sports
Inexpensive Airline Enters Insolvency Citing surplus capacity, exceedingly high fuel costs, which and falling fares, ATA Holdings Corp., parent of discount airline carrier ATA Airlines, stated it has submitted for insolvency.	Business
It requires 6 Gators to equal Bowden There is no scarcity of methods to assess Bobby Bowden's remarkable career as Florida State's football mentor. There are the 277 of his Division IA leading 350 victories here, which is	Sports
Microsoft Reaches Another Antitrust Agreement Software behemoth resolves with Novell and the CCIA, concluding years of legal disputes.	Tech
Fujitsu to declare Nocona-based servers Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. on Wednesday intends to reveal enhancements to the company's Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers that will utilize the 64-bit capable version of the Xeon processor, code-named Nocona.	Tech
Apple iTunes Shop Price Varies Apple Computer (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently introduced its Apple iTunes Shop in Canada. But is a site truly a shop when all the corporation seems to be doing is imposing different prices in each nation?	Tech
Nikkei Reaches 2-Week Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei index dropped for a third consecutive session to reach a two-week closing low on Friday as renewed profit worries triggered selling in Tokyo Electron Ltd., Sony Corp. and other high-technology stocks.	Business
Bidding is fierce for hotel aimed for condos. The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is available for sale, and its superb views of the Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly.	Business
Stocks in a slump According to the FTSE Global Index Japan has been top performer of the major markets with a 6 percent increase in dollar terms while Germany, down 7.7 percent, was the least.	Business
Germans Employ Nokia Phones in Wireless Fare Experiment The globe's leading mobile phone manufacturer Nokia stated on Tuesday its devices would be utilized in a project to examine wireless public transit charges in Hanau, close to Frankfurt in Germany, commencing early next year.	Tech
Livelier Previews for Your Images Epson's Photo Fine technology guarantees vibrant, sharp hues on digital camera displays.	Tech
IBM #39;to trade PC enterprise #39; IBM is allegedly in discussions to divest its personal computer enterprise. It would signify the conclusion of an epoch for the company that introduced the computer into the mainstream when it commenced vending its desktop PC to businesses and consumers in 1981.	Business
Oil Dips on Indications Economy Suffering  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil rates fell sharply after reaching record peaks above \$55 a barrel on Monday as traders took gains on indications that energy expenses are damaging economic expansion.	Business
Militants in Iraq decapitate UK prisoner, footage shows BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants in Iraq beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley, three weeks after capturing him to press a demand for the release of women detained by U.S.-led forces, a video seen by Reuters displayed on Friday.	World
GAME NOTES: The 24th-ranked Memphis Tigers and the fifth-ranked &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Orange are poised to face off in the title match of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic. The Orange secured a commendable 71-58 triumph over 12th-ranked.	Sports
Florida fatalities attributed to Hurricane Frances State and local authorities Tuesday stated nine individuals have perished in Florida due to Hurricane Frances. The subsequent describes those fatalities: - A 15-year-old grandson and a previous son	Sports
Kansas Receives Opportunity For Retribution Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks can atone themselves for one of their most exasperating defeats last season Monday when they greet the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
IBM protects passwords with PC chip New computers will send with a chip designed to discourage hackers--a hardware approach that's asserted to be more secure than software.	Tech
Boeing attempting to keep pace Aircraft manufacturer seeks purchasers for new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seattle -- The assembly line at Boeing Co. #39;s expansive Everett facility near here is crafted to keep moving continuously, if almost imperceptibly, as workers scramble over the silvery frames of skeletal Boeing 777s, applying finishing details.	Business
Kerry Promises to Speak Truth as President (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday dismissed the Republican convention as "spiteful and offensive" and pledged to be a U.S. president who would convey to Americans the honesty.	World
Research: Resurgence of Wolves Alters Ecosystem (AP) AP - Researchers examining the wider impacts of wolf reintroduction stated a mounting collection of proof indicates that exterminating predators such as wolves and grizzly bears in the past century initiated a chain of effects that disrupted ecosystems out of equilibrium.	Tech
Dubois aids Maine surpass Dartmouth David Dubois netted a game-high 17 points as Maine maintained a 58-52 men's basketball triumph over Dartmouth last night at Hanover, N.H.	Sports
Iran vows to halt nuclear operations The head of Iran's atomic energy agency declared activities would cease at two nuclear locations in the central towns of Isfahan and Natanz.	World
Ford emphasizes dedication to motorsport. Despite confirming the successful transfer of both Jaguar Racing and its Cosworth engine enterprise to new proprietors, Ford Motor Company has stressed that it remains devoted to supporting motorsport at all tiers.	Sports
Federer pleased to return Roger Federer still seems invincible after he demonstrated no indications of a torn thigh muscle to conquer Argentina's Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the initial match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston.	Sports
Wenger Spares Red-Faced Lehmann Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann was left crimson-faced in Athens as two expensive blunders ensured that a Champions League triumph slipped through his side's grasp again.	Sports
Earnhardt: Accept cash, not points Dale Earnhardt Jr. desires NASCAR to alter its penalty for cursing on television and radio transmissions before another competitor makes a similar slip of the tongue.	Sports
2 Soldiers Reported Dead by Turkey Explosive (AP) AP - Two Turkish soldiers were killed when their vehicle hit a landmine in southeastern Turkey, and a minor oil pipeline was damaged by a bomb in two attacks Sunday ascribed to Kurdish rebels, the Anatolia news agency reported.	World
World Cup victory signifies more funds England's initial Rugby World Cup victory a year ago produced earnings of 13.5 million pounds (\$29.8 million Cdn) despite the deficit of revenue from an absence of home matches.	Sports
Villeneuve and Sauber With Jacques Villeneuve trialing for Renault today at Silverstone there has been the perhaps unavoidable conjecture that this could alter things for next season when Giancarlo Fisichella is set to join Fernando Alonso at Renault F1.	Sports
Mosley Unable to Evade Winky's Jab Las Vegas, NV: You have to give credit to Sugar Shane Mosley. For the second occasion in his career, the former world champion courageously attempted to overturn a complete thrashing by leaping headfirst into an instant rematch.	Sports
Sales increase for House of Fraser Stocks in UK department store group House of Fraser have climbed after the firm stated it had reduced half-year deficits and was experiencing strong sales expansion.	Business
Madrid Bomb Casualties Criticize 'Playground Politics' MADRID (Reuters) - Victims of the Madrid train explosions issued a scathing condemnation to politicians for attempting to profit from the disaster that claimed 191 lives, injecting modesty into a previously boisterous parliamentary inquiry.	World
Philippines mourns dead in Russian school assault The Philippines Saturday conveyed "deep sympathies" to the relatives of the dead in the Russian school assault on Friday, in which 322 people were killed when Russian troops invaded.	Tech
Jug partially filled: Gophers aspire to hit ground sprinting at Michigan If Minnesota desires to stroll out of Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first occasion since 1986, it had better wish its offense is its former self and its defense isn't.	Sports
North Korea Claims the Despot is Bush, not Kim North Korea states it sees no justification to participate in a working-level conference with the United States to arrange for additional six-party discussions on the communist state's nuclear arms advancement.	World
DATA VIEW: Singapore Aug Indus Yield Below Expectations SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore's industrial yield increased a lesser-than-anticipated 5.3 on year in August, as the creation of pharmaceuticals dropped steeply from a high base a year earlier.	Business
Dave Hyde column, October 25, 2004 In solemn tones and professional descriptors, the president, the athletic director and the no-longer-the-football-coach took turns declaring a University of Florida dismissal Monday that was astonishing only for occurring sooner rather than later.	Sports
N.Korea termed worst for journalism liberty Media overseer Reporters Without Borders has classified North Korea and Cuba the poorest nations in terms of journalism liberty, with Denmark being the finest.	World
#39;Blog #39; Directories Online Lexicon List short for "Weblog" -- was the most-commonly sought definition at Merriam-Webster #39;s online lexicon site, the publisher asserts.	Tech
Is Google the Next Netscape? Is Google the Next Netscape?\\To draw a parallel between Netscape & Google in their struggle against Microsoft, it is vital to scrutinize the various similarities between the two scenarios and see if the tactics that prevailed then will prevail now.	Tech
IBM #39;s New eServer Supports AMD Dual-Core IBM (Quote, Chart) is striving to obtain a benefit over the rivalry with the October 15 launch of eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bit chip.	Tech
Calif. Official Supports Anthem-WellPoint  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance commissioner on Tuesday concluded his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Anthem consented to increase its financing  of state health initiatives.	Business
Chance Rover Encounters Stony, Possibly Watery, Discovery (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Nearly by chance, NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has uncovered a stone that may indicate a second water occurrence in the red planet's history.	Tech
Pakistan's foremost sought-after terrorist eliminated Pakistani security forces Sunday eliminated the nation's most sought-after terrorist purportedly implicated in an assassination endeavor on President Pervez Musharraf and charged in the killing of a US journalist.	World
It #39;s got to be Cole on the left Football365 #39;s top announcer looks ahead to England #39;s international double-header and urges for Joe Cole to be granted the nod on the left... Of the three left-sided alternatives available to Sven-Goran Eriksson on Saturday, I would personally choose Joe Cole.	Sports
Singh governs globe that is yet to welcome him On Monday, the newly crowned No. 1 entered a chamber to confront the world’s golfing press, having just defeated Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston.	Sports
Now It #39;s Official: Economy Contracted The US economy decelerated more sharply in the second quarter than initially believed as oil costs surged and the trade deficit expanded, the government stated on Friday in a report that validated momentum weakened in the spring.	Business
Unrest Expands To Southern Iraq (CBS/AP) As US troops continued to shell the turbulent city of Fallujah and battled with militants in the streets of Baghdad, there was turmoil in the typically tranquil British-patrolled city of Basra.	World
Nokia Reduces 'Brick' Device to Enter New Markets (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia, the globe's largest mobile phone manufacturer, revealed on Wednesday a compact version of its equivalent of the Swiss Army knife it hopes will attract women and less-tech-savvy business individuals.	Tech
Canadian Racing Champion Jacques Villeneuve to Join Swiss Team Former world racing victor Jacques Villeneuve of Canada has signed a contract to drive for the Swiss-based Sauber Petronas Formula One squad next season.	Sports
Mars vapors disclose alluring hints for existence. Water vapor and methane gas have been discovered in the identical locations on Mars, enhancing conjecture that the Red Planet might be a sanctuary for microbial existence, space researchers state.	Tech
Applebee's forecasts profits, locations increase Company anticipates doubling of locations to at least 3,000; predicts 17 profit rise over next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Restaurant chain Applebee's International Inc.	Business
Cellular phone sales to surpass landlines in 2004: report (AFP) AFP - Mobile devices are anticipated to generate more revenue this year than conventional fixed-line services for the first time due to booming demand in developing nations such as China, India, and Russia, an annual industry report stated.	Tech
Iran leader reaffirms weapon perspectives NEW YORK Iran's foreign minister has stated that his nation will never relinquish its entitlement to develop nuclear technology for nonviolent use, although he refuted any intention to manufacture nuclear arms.	World
Quake Shakes Indonesia's Bali, One Fatality BALI, Indonesia (Reuters) - A strong tremor shook Indonesia's top vacation island of Bali Wednesday, causing one fatality, injuring at least two and triggering some hysteria, officials stated.	World
Final version for a revered Asian news journal HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, an frequently perceptive news journal for more than half a century, will transform into a monthly opinion magazine in December, and nearly all of its staff will forfeit their positions, Dow Jones declared on Thursday.	Business
Apache Hesitates At Microsoft #39;s Licensing Requests For Anti-Spam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com. The Apache Software Foundation, creators of the popular open-source Apache web server, stated on Thursday that it wouldn #39;t endorse the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID, because the licensing conditions established by Microsoft Corp.	Tech
MDs: Vioxx not the only medication to assist arthritis The withdrawal of Vioxx may take a toll on Merck & Co.'s earnings, but it isn't a hindrance for arthritis sufferers, physicians said Friday, because numerous other medications provide the same symptom alleviation.	Business
UK to evaluate Iraq troop relocation A reconnaissance unit is to visit the region surrounding Baghdad where UK forces could be deployed to offer US support.	World
Olympics: Sky-Soaring Holm Aims to Challenge Science (Reuters) Reuters - Sweden's gold medal-winning high jumper Stefan Holm believes he can jump even higher but scientists claim he and other competitors were already near the boundary of what they can accomplish.	Tech
WTO endorses penalties against US The European Union, Japan and others will be able to enforce severe penalties against US companies dumping products from early next year.	Business
Report: EADS Could Connect With Thales The French administration is contemplating a merger of European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co. with Thales SA to form an aerospace behemoth, the financial daily Les Echos reported Friday.	Business
Oswalt triumphs 19th as Astros maintain the tempo Roy Oswalt became the NL #39;s first 19-game conqueror, and the Houston Astros remained near in the wild-card contest with a 10-3 win over the St.	Sports
Chargers Postgame Show Denver was prepared to seize the late advantage when cornerback Drayton Florence deflected an end zone throw intended for Rod Smith. The pass bounced to safety Jerry Wilson for an interception.	Sports
Martin declares significant revamp of key personnel in Prime Minister's Office (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin declared a significant revamp of his senior personnel Wednesday, with several close associates and one former cabinet minister given major positions in the Prime Minister's Office in a post-election reshuffle.	World
Moscow Rail Station Evacuated on Bomb Threat, Interfax Reports Moscow police are carrying out a partial evacuation at the Kursk train station in central Moscow as they search for explosives after receiving an anonymous phone call from a man threatening.	World
Examination: PeopleSoft users express concerns regarding Oracle acquisition (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The significant discussion over the effect of Oracle's aggressive takeover of PeopleSoft has all the major industry analyst organizations contributing. However, in the majority of the evaluation one group's viewpoint appears to have been ignored: that of PeopleSoft users.	Tech
US Troops Advance Further Into Fallujah; Conflicts in Mosul US and Iraqi troops are advancing deeper south into the city of Fallujah on the fifth day of a combined offensive to expel militants.	World
Static regarding RFID A primary patent holder pursues royalties. If that sparks a trend, acceptance of radio frequency identification technology could persist.	Tech
Subsidy decision a pleasant triumph for sugar manufacturers The Federal Government has praised a World Trade Organisation decision that European subsidies for sugar manufacturers are in violation of global trade regulations.	Business
Pictures Plus Melody Equals an Costly iPod (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Initially Apple applied some hue on the iPod, when it presented the iPod mini in a range of pastel shades, and now it has placed some color within it, in the form of the new iPod Photo.	Tech
Australian man slain by shark on Great Barrier Reef (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRNS, Australia (AP) - A 38-year-old Australian man bled to demise Saturday after he was rescued from the jaws of a shark while spearfishing on the Great Barrier Reef, authorities stated.	World
IBM introduces high-end Power5 servers IBM has broadened the upper end of its eServer lineup with three multi-processor systems targeted at datacentres and large corporate clients.	Tech
Dollar declines to new overnight low The dollar reaches yet another historic low against the euro, sparking worries about the German and broader eurozone economies.	Business
Warren softens his growl  #39; #39;The opinions of the host do not necessarily mirror the opinions of the station or its sponsors. #39; #39;. The Browns were not pleased when Warren stated he would willingly pay a \$50,000 penalty to eliminate Roethlisberger, who	Sports
Pfizer: Celebrex Secure After News Article  NEW YORK/OTTAWA (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; stated on  Thursday its arthritis medication Celebrex was secure after a report in  a Canadian publication linked it to 14 fatalities,	Business
Vanishing of infant Azaria to persist as Australia's greatest enigma (AFP) AFP - The vanishing of infant Azaria Chamberlain 24 years ago is anticipated to remain one of Australia's most renowned mysteries after the coroner's office determined here that there was no fresh evidence to warrant reopening the case.	World
NOBEL LAUREATE TO TRANSMIT CHEN #39;S GOODWILL TO BEIJING LEADER AT APEC Taipei, Nov. 12 (CNA) Academia Sinica President Lee Yuan-tseh stated Friday he will transmit President Chen Shui-bian #39;s goodwill to mainland Chinese President Hu Jintao at the forthcoming informal leadership gathering.	World
Germany, France endorse Turkish invitation to EU membership discussions (AFP) AFP - Germany and France both advocate inviting to European Union membership negotiations at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder stated.	World
Pa. Golfer Exonerated of Not Shouting 'Fore' (AP) AP - A golfer struck in the face by a stray ball was unable to persuade a jury that the man who hit him was careless for neglecting to shout ""Fore!""	Sports
Last Exhale of a Dimming Star? Spacecraft to Uncover A new spacecraft is being readied to carry out the quickest, most complex analysis yet of the fleeting gamma ray explosions emanating from far in the universe.	Tech
US equities up on durable items news; chips down US equities received a slight lift on Friday as government data revealed better-than-anticipated demand in August for durable items aside from transportation equipment, but rising oil prices constrained gains.	Business
Harry Soars Home after 'Abduction Scheme' Claims Prince Harry returned to the UK from Argentina today amidst rumors of a scheme to abduct him. Local press reported that gunfire had been heard at a polo estate where he was laboring.	World
EU Action on Cyprus Relaxes Path for Turkey Agreement  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey progressed toward a landmark accord on initiating membership discussions on Friday as EU leaders eased their requirements on the critical obstacle of Cyprus.	World
American Crocker Establishes Brief Course Global Record INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Crocker of the United States set a brief course global record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly at the world championships on Sunday.	Sports
BenQ Prepares IPod Competitor Hard-drive based digital music player will be accessible by the conclusion of the year.	Tech
Ackermann redirects Deutsche FRANKFURT Joseph Ackermann, the Deutsche Bank chief executive, declared a much-expected personnel overhaul Tuesday aimed at solidifying leadership in its lucrative investment banking sector and restoring faith in its dedication to Germany, the	Business
Up, down and away: NASA's 'Weightless Wonder' makes final voyage HOUSTON -- The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the "nausea rocket" for its utilization in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.	Tech
Oil Declines Again as Fuel Expenses Impact Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices concluded lower on Tuesday on indications that elevated energy expenses are hindering the economic growth that has driven this year's steep rise in global oil usage.	Business
Comprehending Google AdWords Comprehending Google AdWords\\Unlike many search engines, Google, to its credit, clearly indicates search listings that are paid placement. In fact, Google AdWords appear in a distinct section down the left side of the screen.\\Google AdWords provide an economical advertising platform for businesses to promote products or services to a targeted ...	Tech
High court hears disagreement over Michigan interstate vino sales The Supreme Court is contemplating whether Michigan and other states may prohibit individuals from purchasing wine directly from external suppliers, a significant-money question that could lead to extensive changes in how alcoholic beverages are controlled.	Business
Dollar Steady Ahead of Employment Report  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar stayed robust above this week's historic low against the euro on Friday, with traders reluctant to take positions ahead of vital U.S. employment figures.	Business
Oklahoma State #39;s veterans lasso triumph Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim, while observing footage of Oklahoma State in preparation for their matchup at the Jimmy V Classic, said to himself, "we might not even be able to compete with this squad."	Sports
#39;Halo 2 #39; has game aficionados ATLANTA - For countless video game enthusiasts, the thrill on the sequel to "Halo" is louder than a weapon rat-a-tatting in their ears.	Tech
Distant from entertainment and contests for Jones ATHENS, Greece -- So aside from your weak, fifth-place result in the long leap and the unsuccessful baton handoff in the 400-meter relay for a big fat "Did Not Finish, #39; #39; how did your day go, Marion Jones?	Sports
Singapore administration prolongs third-party conflict risk insurance coverage to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a division of the Singapore Airlines group.	Business
'Metropolises in turmoil' authorities caution Global leaders caution that swift urban development will become one of the largest obstacles of the 21st Century.	Tech
Exeter university abolishes chemistry department In a move that has been labeled as 'disastrous' by the Royal Society of Chemistry, Exeter University is to cease the teaching of chemistry as a subject.	Tech
Bill Gates Gets 4 Million E-Mails Daily Bill Gates might not utilize AOL, but he's certainly got mail. The Microsoft Corp. chairman receives millions of Internet messages each day, stated Steve Ballmer, the company's chief executive. ""Bill literally obtains 4 million pieces of e-mail per day, most of it junk,"" Ballmer mentioned Thursday.	Tech
Yankees remain in agreement Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit performance to secure his eighth consecutive decision, and the New York Yankees defeated Sidney Ponson and the Orioles, 5-2, yesterday in Baltimore.	Sports
Sprint, SBC Declare Wi-Fi Roaming Agreement Customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. will be able to utilize both companies' wireless Internet links with less difficulty under a mutual deal announced Friday.	Tech
China Triumphs at Paralympics China excelled in the medals competition at the Paralympic Games that concluded Tuesday, and Chinese authorities anticipate a comparable performance when Beijing hosts the events in four years.	Sports
In conclusion: RealNetworks registers Red Flag Linux collection Plus: Microsoft offers Virtual PC 7...SGI cautions of reduced income, larger shortfall...SAP utilizes search technology.	Tech
'Heal' a 4-Letter Term for Oncologists At a moment when more individuals are healed from cancer than ever before, fewer physicians seem reluctant to say so. They label the cancer imperceptible, or in remission. They inform patients they can cease seeing cancer specialists. They cite statistics and state chances are slim that the ailment will return.	Tech
UK to adopt stricter stance on ultrawideband Report for British authority demands for wireless technology to be more tightly regulated than in United States.	Tech
FTC Supports Reward for Spammers The US Federal Trade Commission has granted its approval to a scheme that would compensate insiders for details leading to the apprehension and conviction of individuals or firms that generate spam.	Tech
IBM, LG Electronics to Conclude Joint Venture International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will terminate an eight-year partnership that aided in broadening the US computer manufacturer's presence in the thriving South Korean PC market.	Business
Miniature telescope detects a massive planet A miniature telescope has discovered a massive planet orbiting a distant star, utilizing a method that could initiate a new stage of planetary revelation, researchers state.	Tech
Andreas Herzog Steps Away From Pro Soccer (AP) AP - Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Andreas Herzog, who competed for Austria in the 1990 and 1998 World Cups, withdrew from professional soccer Wednesday.	Sports
Significant Regulations for Telephone Market Encounter F.C.C. Vote Next week, the FCC will probably modify the guidelines on unbundled networks predominantly in manners advantageous to the Regional bells.	Business
Steelers Lower Staley From Likely (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was reduced Saturday from likely to uncertain for Sunday's match against the Philadelphia Eagles.	Sports
Leading executive shares corporate insights Jeff Raikes was employed at Apple Computer in the early 1980s when a man named Steve Ballmer phoned and requested him to interview for a product-management position at a minor software company in the Seattle region.	Tech
Invasion of the Data Thieves (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Believe your PC is safe? Think again. A new investigation indicates your home computer is likely burdened with spyware, malware and other afflictions inflicted by hackers and PC pranksters. Ignorance may be bliss for some individuals, but for computer users, not knowing can be costly and inefficient.	Tech
Hague Court Enforces Defense Lawyer on Milosevic  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Magistrates at The Hague tribunal on Thursday enforced a defense lawyer on former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to prevent further postponements in his war crimes trial.	World
Cricket: Dubai worldwide academy The International Cricket Council are to establish a global cricket academy intended to enhance standards of lesser nations.	World
Investors consider impact of oil costs NEW YORK Another increase in oil rates is putting some strain on equities, which are varied. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 12 points at ten-thousand-165.	Business
He's His Own Adu Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is proud of brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, but wants to stand out on his own.	Sports
Injured soldiers recount fierce battle LANDSTUHL, Germany - Four US military personnel hurt last week in the Iraqi city of Fallujah on Monday narrated intense combat with a proficient adversary, skilled in sharpshooting and setting up booby traps.	World
Update 1: Negotiators Assemble at WTO for Agriculture Talks Negotiators gathered Friday at the World Trade Organization for official agriculture discussions, concluding a weeklong series of casual conversations on methods to achieve a broader liberalization agreement by the end of 2005.	Business
Conte shows up on television and identifies people. As the bassist for the pop-funk band Tower of Power, Victor Conte created a song's groundwork by performing a designated series of tones.	Sports
British sector at peak in 10 years Production industry is relishing its most robust performance for nearly 10 years, according to a poll by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
IBM Processors May Someday Mend Themselves New innovation applies electrical fuses to assist in recognizing and rectifying faults.	Tech
NetRatings poll reveals broadband users now a majority in US AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a poll by NetRatings Inc.	Tech
Junqueira defeats Bourdais to seize Lexmark Indy 300 The competition for the Champ Car drivers' title is heading to Mexico City in two weeks. Bruno Junqueira triumphed yesterday's Lexmark Indy 300 ahead of teammate Sebastien Bourdais, halting Bourdais' pursuit of the 2004 championship.	Sports
No. 5 North Carolina 63, No. 24 Villanova 56 The North Carolina Tar Heels put their unmotivated first half behind them. Then they did the same to Villanova. After scoring just 25 points in the initial half, the No.	Sports
Red Hat substitutes CFO Charles Peters Jr. is assuming control as the company copes with the repercussions of restating its profits for the previous three fiscal years.	Tech
Soccer: Vller resigns from Roma after Bologna defeat Rudi Vller declared Sunday that he had departed Roma of the Italian league. He had been manager for less than four weeks. Roma lost 3-1 to Bologna in Serie A on Saturday, even though its adversaries played for 40 minutes with just nine players.	Sports
A break would have been appreciated by Sox After another disheartening road trip - the White Sox were 3-4 on a journey through Detroit and Cleveland - a day off surely would appear alluring.	Sports
Rugby-Lions concur to extra match on 2005 New Zealand venture The British and Irish Lions have agreed to an extra match on their expedition to New Zealand next year. The Lions will now compete against the traditionally strong Auckland provincial.	Sports
Interview: OSDL leader Stuart Cohen - Part 2 In the second of a two-part discussion, Open Systems Development Labs leader Stuart Cohen shares his perspectives on Linux security, desktops, the Domino impact towards Linux, and why Microsoft will ultimately transition to Linux.	Tech
Mars expedition acclaimed as leading 2004 advancement The revelation that Mars might have sustained life billions of years prior has been designated by the editors of global journal Science as the most significant scientific accomplishment of 2004.	Tech
A Card to Your Future 401(k) charge card would provide millions of American employees the opportunity to lend their own funds from their retirement savings plans.	Business
Job figures provide candidates space to argue WASHINGTON - Employers increased recruitment in August, growing payrolls by 144,000 and reducing the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
The sovereign who pursued the Khmer Rouge (and survived) The career of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has been a puzzling course of political shifts and pragmatic turns. Now the man they refer to as the 'fickle monarch' has announced his resignation.	World
AMD et Chartered signent des accords d'approvisionnement et de &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUNNYVALE, Californie et SINGAPOUR--(BUSINESS WIRE)9 Novembre 2004--Chartered adopte la production de précision automatisée d'AMD et prévoit de produire des processeurs AMD64 en 2006.	Tech
Before the Bell - ESS Technology declines 4.4 pct Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research), a producer of computer chips for DVD apparatus, dropped 4.4 percent in premarket trading on Monday after the company reduced its third-quarter revenue and profits.	Business
Business Updates for Technology Executives Microsoft Strikes Agreement with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A "historic contract" between Microsoft and England's Department of Health to extend the agency's license for desktop software could preserve it an estimated \$608 million.	Tech
EU, US Discussions On Aircraft Assistance Stalled US and EU negotiators exchanged arguments on Thursday regarding state assistance for aircraft competitors Airbus and Boeing, but ended up no nearer on a delicate matter that has gained momentum in the lead up to the US presidential election.	Business
Bill Clinton Assists Unveil Search Engine Former president Bill Clinton on Monday assisted unveil a new Internet search firm supported by the Chinese government which claims its technology utilizes artificial intelligence to generate superior results than Google Inc.	Tech
AOL Enhances Multimedia Search Portal com. America Online Inc. on Wednesday unveiled new functionalities in its Singingfish search portal for audio and video on the Internet. AOL, a division of Time Warner Inc.	Tech
Court: File-sharing software not accountable for copyright infringements The creators of two prominent file-sharing applications are not legally accountable for the songs, films and other copyrighted works exchanged online by their users, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a harsh setback to the entertainment sector.	Tech
Karzai's Large Poll Advantage Displays Afghan Ethnic Divide (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was gliding to triumph in Afghanistan's inaugural direct presidential elections, but by Wednesday the returns so far have highlighted the ethnic fault lines that have frequently separated the country.	World
Soy-Fertility Hazard Minimized (WebMD) Consuming a diet abundant in soy or using soy supplements likely won’t damage a woman’s fertility, according to a recent study.	Tech
Virgin Mobile expansion prospects disappoint Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile has projected significantly higher earnings and margins, but disappointing forecasts for service revenue.	Business
Stanford chosen to triumph much-enhanced Pac-10 Tara VanDerveer approached the platform at the Pacific-10 Conference women’s basketball press day Tuesday and was inquired to provide an opening statement.	Sports
Ivory Coast confronting UN penalties France is advocating to secure approval of a UN resolution that seeks a weapons ban and other punishments against the Ivory Coast. France's UN envoy, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, aspires for a vote early this week.	World
Beginning for Cardinals Has Advantages St. Louis is a group of superstar position athletes and unknown pitchers.	Sports
U.S. Bishops Assess Sex Abuse Policy The nation's Roman Catholic bishops stated Friday they will spend the next nine months determining whether to make any alterations in the policy they enacted at the peak of the clergy sex abuse crisis that includes permanently prohibiting guilty priests from church work. The review was mandated in the "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People," the document the bishops adopted at an emotional June 2002 assembly in Dallas...	World
Jury Directs Medtronic to Compensate \$109 Million to Creator A jury in federal court in Tennessee has instructed Medtronic Inc. to pay at least \$109 million to a creator in a disagreement over rights to spinal fusion technology.	Business
Ljubicic Conquers Hanescu at Open De Moselle Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia overcame Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-4, 6-4 Tuesday in the initial round of the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Internet disengagement tormenting com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s primary focus has been enhancing or acquiring CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	Tech
Grand Central improves integration service Company upgrades online service for swapping business information between firms.	Tech
United Pilots Reach Agreement on Pensions United Airlines aviators would abandon their resistance to the carrier's heavily criticized scheme to eliminate conventional pensions under a provisional contract arrangement sanctioned by union officials.	Business
Lucent milestone: A gain Lucent Technologies yesterday reported elevated fiscal fourth-quarter profits, aiding in propelling the telecommunications apparatus manufacturer to its initial profitable year since 2000.	Business
IDC: Software sales to reach \$189 billion The market analyst has forecasted a 6.2 percent rise in software earnings during 2004.	Tech
Intel urges for Internet reform The Net requires a fresh layer of capabilities that will address upcoming issues of capacity, security and dependability, Intel's CTO states.	Tech
A splendid catch? Shellfish How does he savor lobster? Boiled, steamed, broiled, baked, grilled? Newburg? Bahar Uttam favors his with a capital L -- Shellfish -- and imagines them frolicking on a tennis court rather than spread out on a platter. In Uttam's mind lurks a delectable dish for the town's athletic crowd, one that could fulfill the five-year longing of tennis enthusiasts, a ...	Sports
Sports Tribunal Listens to Hamm Gold Medal Appeal LAUSANNE, Switzerland - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal. The Court of Arbitration for Sport convened to hear the appeal from a South Korean gymnast who believes he was unjustly deprived of the gold in the men's all-around event in Athens last month due to a scoring error...	World
Rosetta Mission Detecting a Comet The European Rosetta expedition will sample a comet as it endeavors to capture and adhere onto its surface. A specially crafted oven will bake the comet in analogy to identifying for recognizable elements.	Tech
Pfizer Distributes Update On Medication Bextra Pfizer Inc. announced Friday that it will furnish health-care providers with supplementary information about its Bextra arthritis medication and that it will undertake further studies to verify the drug's prolonged cardiovascular safety record.	Business
Liquid and automatons on Mars selected as leaders in 2004 Science It #39;s the finding by two Mars rovers that the Red Planet formerly had liquid and potentially could have sustained life. That acknowledgment comes today from the journal Science.	Tech
Google Secures Trademark Win Over GEICO  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - A federal magistrate on Wednesday granted online search engine Google Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; a triumph in a trademark infringement lawsuit on Wednesday, ruling that when users looked for insurer GEICO, Google could exhibit competitors as well.	Business
US squad falters Marion Jones, the monarch of Sydney who concluded those 2000 Olympics with a record five track-and-field awards, ended her subsequent Olympics much differently Friday -- devoid of medals and in tears.	Sports
New Columbia Sports Director Voices Opinion (AP) AP - One day in the position, and Columbia University athletic director M. Dianne Murphy wasted little time expressing what she believed of the school's athletic achievement.	Sports
Ballesteros Aiming to Compete Complete Season Next Year MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros announced on Friday he has made such a intense recovery from his back issues that he hopes to compete a full season next year on both sides of the Atlantic.	Sports
Red Hat launches losing propaganda campaign against Sun Opinion Heaven assist us all - there’s a blog conflict being fought between Red Hat’s chief supporter Michael Tiemann and Sun Microsystems’ President Jonathan Schwartz.	Tech
Service updates, lawmakers and civil liberties &lt;strong&gt;Communication:&lt;/strong&gt; The brimming mailbag unveils its secrets	Tech
New Survey Reveals Bush and Kerry in Statistical Tie (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush is now in a statistical tie with Democratic contender Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the contest after the initial debate last week, a poll on Monday indicated.	World
Pioneer substitutes plasma TV power units Certain Pioneer televisions have a defective power source. An enhancement is accessible.	Tech
Capriati unsettles Serena It was just about a year ago that Jennifer Capriati had this very same sensation. There she was, in Arthur Ashe Stadium, the lights glaring, more than 20,000 fans shouting. Only the rival was different, as Capriati faced Justine Henin-Hardenne, serving for what would become one of the most significant matches of her career. But that night, ...	Sports
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Falsehoods and Deceitful CEOs Who Relay Them PeopleSoft's board was aware that CEO Craig Conway had misstepped in his statements, so it submitted a rectified version of the gathering transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
No agreement on dollar as US ignores European pressure Europe and Japan failed yesterday to convince the United States to tackle the drop in the dollar, despite discussions at a contentious meeting of the Group of 20 industrialized and developing nations.	Business
GM Intends to Utilize Woods More Inventively (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. is excited that Tiger Woods will endorse Buick for the next five years, but GM chairman Rick Wagoner states the automaker could make superior use of the world's most recognized golfer.	Sports
Generals May Face a Consequence for Iraq Misconduct WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib detainee abuse scandal could effectively terminate the careers of four Army generals who are linked indirectly to the wrongdoing but confront no criminal charges. The four are singled out for varying degrees of criticism - mixed with instances of commendation - in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Crude Oil Futures Increase Above \$50 on Danger to Nigerian Supply Crude oil futures increased above \$50 a barrel in New York on worry rebel assaults in Nigeria may diminish production while US reserves are near a 29-year low due to disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.	Business
Bush 'selects new attorney general' White House legal advisor Alberto Gonzales is the president's selection for attorney general, sources imply.	World
Study: Few Americans Purchase Medications Online Only 4 percent of Americans have ever utilized the Internet to purchase prescription medications - and even fewer do so through overseas pharmacies - despite Web sites maintained by a handful of states to assist citizens import medicines more affordably from Canada, a new study discovers.	Tech
Authorization Anticipated for Major Mobile Phone Agreement Federal authorities will officially endorse Cingular Wireless's $41 billion acquisition of AT&T Wireless today, company representatives informed on the issue stated over the weekend.	Tech
MLB Unlikely to Penalize Steroid Users (AP) AP - For all the commotion over reported confessions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield, major league baseball probably won't punish them.	Sports
Mount St. Helens Emerges Magma Extension (AP) AP - The new lava mass inside Mount St. Helens' cavity has sprouted a piston-like projection the size of a 30-story structure  #151; glowing crimson at night.	Tech
MEPS SANCTION REVAMPED COMMISSION Concluding three weeks of deadlock, European legislators have endorsed a new executive commission for the European Union. European MPs had declined to accept a new team of commissioners suggested by Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso.	World
Pacifist Japan improves 'self-defense' strategies. After almost 60 years of pacifism, Japan today overhauled its defense policy; easing an arms export prohibition and designating North Korea and China as security threats.	World
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson netted 12 of his 21 points in the final 31/2 minutes and the Philadelphia 76ers concluded their first training camp at Duke University with a 114-107 triumph over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday evening.	Sports
Panama inundation claims nine lives At least nine individuals - seven of them minors - have perished in inundation in the capital of Panama. The officials state at least 13 individuals are still unaccounted for after intense rainfall caused rivers to overflow their banks.	World
Web Gaming Alters Social Interactions (AP) AP - Not so long ago, in a universe not so distant, Chip Collier was on a quest. ""I really gotta stop bleeding and perishing,"" the 24-year-old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. ""I'm really dreadful about not paying attention to my battle exhaustion.""	Tech
London-Based Bank Secures Offer for Permata A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC secured the bidding for a majority share in PT Bank Permata, consenting to pay US$300 million (euros 244 million) for dominance of Indonesia's seventh-largest lender, Finance Minister Boediono stated Friday.	Business
Toshiba to utilize perpendicular recording in new HDDs Toshiba is near to commercializing a new data storage technique that could considerably enhance the capacity of hard-disk drives, it stated Tuesday.	Tech
Blair: Time for Rationalizations on Africa Is Over (Reuters) Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to announce Thursday that the time for explanations on Africa is concluded as he directs a gathering in Ethiopia he hopes will convert the continent's problems into a worldwide priority.	World
Intel prince Otellini becomes ruler Intel #39;s board has granted the approval for the long anticipated shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. Come May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker and become its fifth ever CEO.	Business
Dyke reopens WMD argument Former BBC leader Greg Dyke has reopened the contention over Tony Blair's choice to engage in conflict with Iraq. Dyke was forced to resign from his role, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January after Lord	World
Orioles 8, Devil Rays 0 Javy Lopez drove in four runs, Daniel Cabrera became the first rookie to win 10 games this season, and the Baltimore Orioles restricted the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to two hits in an 8-0 victory.	Sports
Japan Shares Steady After Wall Street The Nikkei index was steady in mid-morning trading on Wednesday, supported by bargain-seeking of a number of blue-chip equities after US shares demonstrated resilience despite a surge in oil prices to new peaks.	Business
India's Aztec obtains software examination company for 12.1 million dollars (AFP) AFP - Indian information technology firm Aztec declared it would purchase software testing company Disha Technologies for 12.1 million bucks.	Tech
Halo 2 achieves record revenue of \$125 million in initial 24 hours. Halo 2 shattered entertainment retail records in its first 24 hours. Microsoft Game Studios announced that the video game sold through 2.4 million outlets in the US and Canada generating \$125 million in profits.	Business
Shares Climb as Crude Drops More Than \$2  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shares increased on Wednesday as crude oil futures decreased more than \$2 a barrel on a significant rise in U.S. petroleum supply, alleviating concerns about the effect of energy prices on corporate earnings and economic expansion.	Business
Foreign Goats Lodging at Yellowstone (AP) AP - A recent study indicates mountain goats are establishing themselves in Yellowstone National Park, but park authorities aren't certain how to manage the existence of the invasive creatures.	Tech
Tax-Exempt Rewards Tagged Out Some taxpayers have been ignoring an old Internal Revenue Service ruling about signing bonuses in baseball contracts and using it to justify evading payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses universally.	Business
South Korea planning massive expenditure to rejuvenate economy: report (AFP) AFP - The South Korean administration is preparing a substantial "New Deal" expenditure package in the next few years to revitalize the nation's declining economy, Yonhap news agency stated.	Business
Sagacity was primary dish WALTHAM -- He is an 87-year-old gentleman with a staff and a cigar, and the influence of a monarch.	Sports
Phelps confronts potential prison sentence Olympic swimming victor Michael Phelps might encounter a prison term after being apprehended on alcohol-driving accusations last week in Salisbury, Maryland.	Sports
U.S. to Permit Some Telemarketing 'Robo Calls' WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Telemarketers will be able to utilize prerecorded ""robo calls"" to remain in contact with established clients starting next week -- at least for the brief term, U.S. regulators stated Friday.	Tech
Defense vendors pursue \$23 billion deal EUROPE'S largest defense vendors will have the opportunity to tender for a \$23 billion (\$12 billion) aerial refueling contract for the US Air Force that has been taken back from Boeing.	Business
Patriots Commence Title Defense with Close Victory Over Colts The New England Patriots started their pursuit for consecutive Super Bowl championships with a narrow 27-24 triumph over the Indianapolis Colts in the opening match of the NFL season in Foxboro Thursday.	Sports
LIVE: Launch of Expedition Ten Team to the ISS / ESA TV Live / 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The early morning hours of 14 October will witness the next ISS launch, bringing another permanent team to the Station. Expedition 10 crew is composed of Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov.	Tech
Officers Evaluate Portable Fingerprint Scanner Multiple Minnesota law enforcement agencies are field assessing a portable gadget that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally verifies it against Minnesota's criminal record and fingerprint archive.	Tech
Iran 'not required' to permit military site examinations Iran states it is not required to allow UN atomic energy agency examiners to visit military locations purported to be involved in covert nuclear arms activities but that it is open to discuss the matter.	World
Volkswagen #39;s negotiations with union progress LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - The German automotive behemoth, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), persisted its conversations with the labor union today on its intended labor expense reductions.	Business
SA-India Test: South Africa declare at 510 for 9 : Sports India: Cricket  gt; Kanpur, Nov 22 : South Africa announced their primary innings at 510 for nine on the third day of the first cricket Test against India here today.	Sports
Goldcorp Declares It Will Review Glamis Suggestion Gold producer Goldcorp Inc. on Friday announced its board is ready to review and evaluate a takeover proposal from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would interrupt its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
We must learn to be tolerant on Indian surfaces: Smith (AFP) AFP - South African captain Graeme Smith stated his squad had to learn to be tolerant on sluggish surfaces if they aspired to do well in an impending two-Test series against India.	World
Delta Funding to Utilize Prepaid SkyMiles Shares of Delta Air Lines surged after the troubled carrier stated Monday it engaged in a commitment letter with American Express Travel Related Services Co.	Business
Berra States He Wouldn't Accept Giambi Back (AP) AP - While manager Joe Torre consistently avoided questions Thursday on whether he believes Jason Giambi will return to the New York Yankees, Hall of Famer Yogi Berra willingly expressed his view.	Sports
Tennis: Canas dominates Novak to reach Shanghai championship, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI: Argentina's Guillermo Canas commanded Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to secure his position in the finale of the 380,000-dollar ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament against unrecognized German Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
Mariners' Ichiro Breaks Hits Record, Adds Single SEATTLE (Reuters) - The Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki recorded three singles to tie, shatter and then add to the Major League hits record with his 259th of the season in a match against the Texas Rangers Friday.	Sports
Britain anticipates results of N.Korea explosion investigation trip (AFP) AFP - Britain is expecting the conclusions from a technical evaluation of what a group of envoys observed at the location of a massive detonation in North Korea last week, Britain's minister for East Asia stated.	World
New Jersey Lawsuit Questions Digital Voting A coalition of private individuals and local elected representatives in New Jersey intend to submit a lawsuit to prevent the state's utilization of electronic voting devices.	Tech
Colombia insurgent shot dead A senior chief of Colombia's conservative paramilitary groups has been murdered, casting into deeper uncertainty the ongoing peace initiative with the administration.	World
Mobile surge entices telecom production to India BANGALORE, INDIA - A projected surge in mobile telephony usage in India is luring multinational and domestic firms to set up manufacturing operations in the nation.	Tech
USA: Wal-Mart predicts plentiful Christmas Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest merchant, announced it was hopeful to witness "another record quarter and a thriving holiday season" after reporting robust third-quarter results.	Business
Nothing occurring Well, that didn #39;t advance very well, did it? Everyone recognized the NHL aimed at dismissing the NHLPA #39;s latest suggestion yesterday, but the hockey community still held its breath when the two adversaries met face to face.	Sports
Oil Costs Change Course After a month-long surge that consistently drove prices to new peaks, the price of a barrel declined for the fourth day, leaving the cost \$10 higher than last year's rate.	Business
IBM Reveals Security Intel Service, Observes Significant Increase In Assaults IBM has introduced a new intelligence service to provide enterprises a monthly report displaying the overall view of security assaults and other commercial threats, the Armonk, NY-based giant stated Tuesday.	Tech
Short Leap, Poor Transfer Conclude Jones #39; Competitions ATHENS, Greece - For Marion Jones, Sydney must appear far more than half a globe away. Those Olympics were some fantasy realm where she dominated track and field with a golden grasp and a pleasant grin, winning five accolades.	Sports
Sony discloses some specifications for PSP handheld The PlayStation Portable is going to have one intricate processor managing the display for games and multimedia.	Tech
NASA Chief Pursues Role at LSU (AP) AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe will leave this week, a government spokesperson said Sunday, and a representative for Louisiana State University mentioned O'Keefe is a significant candidate to become a chancellor there.	Tech
Sharon 'in danger of murder' Israel's opposition chief cautions that the premier risks being killed over his Gaza withdrawal strategy.	World
Big Dig Tunnel Is Pockmarked With Leaks In a burgeoning political and engineering controversy, Boston's radiant new subterranean Interstate 93 highway is riddled with hundreds of seepages.	Business
Sun Microsystems Inc. today declared a reduced quarterly deficit as profits increased year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of downturns, propelling shares slightly upward.	Tech
SA 'hired guns' plead not guilty Sixty-six men charged with conspiring a coup in Equatorial Guinea deny violating Zimbabwe's security regulations.	World
Changing symbols in North Korea Kim Jong Il diminishes his personality cult as opposition activities rise.	World
Time on a Chip: The Amazing Diminishing Atomic Timer Researchers are creating miniature atomic timers that could be produced using typical semiconductor procedures and inserted into mobile phones, portable computers, and global positioning system devices.	Tech
Murdoch book uncovers Alzheimer's The final book by the writer Iris Murdoch uncovers the initial symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, specialists state.	World
Iraq #39;s Chalabi evades effort on his survival Assailants opened fire Wednesday on a procession carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi in a clear assassination attempt that injured two of his bodyguards, Chalabi #39;s spokesperson stated.	World
Team nearly had another icon SACRAMENTO -- The one who slipped away, Part I. With his assortment of bow ties and an scholarly demeanor, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would have suited flawlessly among the educators and intellectuals in Boston. He is, after all, one of the most clever and esteemed basketball intellects residing.	Sports
China Reports Births of Two Huge Pandas (AP) AP - For pandas, it's essentially a baby surge. Two giant pandas were born this week, and mothers and cubs were doing well, the official Xinhua News Agency announced Wednesday.	Tech
Netopia to Restate Outcomes (Reuters) Reuters - Netopia Inc., a producer of networking equipment, on Thursday stated its auditor KPMG LLP resigned, and mentioned it will restate two years of outcomes and revise the figures in its latest fiscal quarter.	Tech
Microsoft Modifies Its Melody on Transferring SP2 Remedies Microsoft Watch: Redmond had informed developers secretly earlier this year of intentions to transfer some SP2 remedies to previous versions of Windows.	Tech
Ramirez ought to be taking it to heart. When it comes down to this, when it's more terrible than you could have possibly envisioned, if you are any sort of athlete at all, you look inward and ask yourself what you can do to enhance it.	Sports
Shares Increase While Oil Stays Around \$50  LONDON (Reuters) - European equity markets climbed and absorbed three separate share offerings on Wednesday, lifted by Wall Street's robust finish while oil costs lingered near \$50 a barrel ahead of U.S. oil stockpile data.	Business
King Singh ... finally! The top golfer in the globe is en route to Glen Abbey for this week #39;s Canadian Open. No, Tiger Woods hasn #39;t altered his intentions.	Sports
Inzamam pleased with victory Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq commended his spinners after Pakistan eliminated Kenya from the Champions Trophy with a seven-wicket triumph at Edgbaston.	Sports
Trial Date Established for Soldier at Abu Ghraib (AP) AP - A military magistrate commanded a U.S. Army reservist on Friday to face trial Jan. 7 in Baghdad for supposedly mistreating Iraq detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.	World
Alternative Power: Prepared or not? Even with a surge from elevated oil costs and increasing apprehension about climate change, the returns on most alternative power technologies appears a ways off.	Business
Record industry strikes #39;ostrich #39; downloaders The music sector in the US is making significant progress in its campaign against individuals it claims have unlawfully downloaded music, with courts granting enormous settlements in numerous cases.	Tech
Gamecocks, Tigers clash CLEMSON, SC South Carolina and Clemson fought it out in the final minutes of today’s match at Clemson. Authorities, security and coaches attempted to separate the squads, who grappled before the game commenced and continually shoved and displayed each other throughout.	Sports
IT Behemoths Form Grid Computing Coalition Oracle, Dell, EMC and Intel have allied with other tech firms to establish an industry norm for enterprise grid systems. "Project MegaGrid" will assist in optimizing the utilization of computing resources, according to the group.	Tech
Federer back in Open #39's fourth round with skillful performance For most tennis athletes, having roughly the same amount of clean victories as unforced mistakes translates into a fairly good exhibition.	Sports
UPDATE: Sinopec 1H Profit Up 51; To Enhance Refining Capacity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (SNP), the nation’s second-largest oil and gas producer, Monday reported a 51 increase in first-half earnings and said it plans to augment its refining capacity by about one-fifth over three years.	Business
Royal Nuptials Attract International Press To Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan - Brunei's Royal Nuptials between His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has drawn approximately 170 foreign reporters to the Sultanate.	World
Nissan disassembles without components Tokyo - Japan's Nissan Motor stated on Thursday that the firm might have to halt some manufacturing next March in addition to already declared suspensions, due to component shortages, leading to a decrease of about 6 billion (R339.8 million) in yearly sales.	Business
Bojinov Propels Lecce Into First Valeri Bojinov - Bulgaria's response to Wayne Rooney - netted twice as Lecce took a provisional Serie A advantage with a 4-1 glide past Brescia.	Sports
Profit Soars at Motorola, but Shares Trade Down OT quot; gt; Motorola, the globe #39;s second-largest producer of cellphones, stated yesterday that its earnings more than quadrupled in the third quarter and sales surged 26 percent compared with the quarter.	Business
Cup pursuit lands in Dover When the emerald banner falls for today #39;s MBNA America 400 at Dover International Raceway, 43 competitors will be positioned to traverse the start/finish line.	Sports
Net companies: Don't levy taxes on VoIP The Spanish-American War is finished and a ""temporary"" duty established to finance it should not be prolonged to Internet phone communications, industry associations inform the IRS.	Tech
Klitschko triumphs in 8th LAS VEGAS -- If Vitali Klitschko made one thing evident last night about the heavyweight category, it's how done Mike Tyson truly is.	Sports
FCC asserts control over states on VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Federal regulators Tuesday asserted control over the states in regulating Internet phone services, a move providers labeled essential to nurturing growth, creativity and competitive pricing in the emerging industry.	Tech
Pitt can disrupt BCS with concluding triumph As if things weren’t unfortunate enough for the Bowl Championship Series, it appears that Pittsburgh is going to represent the Big East with an 8-3 tally.	Sports
Dollar Plummets on Greenspan Comments  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped across the board, sinking to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan mentioned demand for U.S. assets could lessen at some point given the scale of the current account deficit.	Business
Inflation decline alleviates rates strain INFLATION decreased again in August, slipping further beneath the government's 2 percent aim, driven down by clothing and footwear merchants failing to increase prices after a poor summer.	Business
The Sims 2; Demon Stone; The Number Devil Acquiring a life becomes a lot more intricate in this sequel to the top-selling computer game in history.	Tech
England's Attorneys Attempt to Exclude Images Lawyers for Pfc. Lynndie R. England sought Wednesday to exclude evidence at the core of the Abu Ghraib prison controversy -- the now-infamous images showing her grinning and indicating at bare Iraqi detainees.	World
Sony investigates under the Christmas tree Americans will engage in gadget shopping this holiday season even if oil prices increase, Sony officials declare.	Tech
Bryant Makes First Appearance at Trial (AP) AP - NBA star Kobe Bryant showed up at his sexual assault hearing Monday as lawyers in the case who spent the weekend scrutinizing questionnaires prepared to query potential jurors individually.	Tech
Blue Chips Drop After Merck Announcement  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Thursday after pharmaceutical firm and Dow component Merck Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; declared it was retracting a vital drug, casting a dreary mood over the market as oil prices remained above \$49 a barrel.	Business
Microsoft Earnings, Revenue Increases SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest software manufacturer, on Thursday stated its first quarter earnings rose as personal computer sales and business demand boosted higher sales.	Business
Clinton Has Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton underwent a successful quadruple heart bypass procedure Monday to alleviate severely blocked arteries that doctors stated put the former president at grave risk of experiencing a heart attack. Clinton is anticipated to make a full recovery, but doctors mentioned he was fortunate to have admitted himself into the hospital when he did...	World
South Korea to Choose Nation's First 2 Astronauts (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea will determine its initial two cosmonauts next year for a space mission by 2007, the science ministry declared Sunday, after Russia consented to assist the country's space initiative.	Tech
Confronting a funding deficiency, Lucent Technologies' cohort of retired employees has increased so significantly over the years that there are four retirees for every active worker on its payroll. With healthcare insurance expenses skyrocketing, Lucent is now stating that it’s time for retirees to assist in covering the benefit.	Business
Youth Khan transported to school The excitement of the Olympic boxing competition discovered yesterday that there’s no replacement for expertise. At least not in the arena.	Sports
Bears Prepared to Sign QB Jeff George (Reuters) Reuters - The Chicago Bears are anticipated to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.	Sports
Stocks Commence Elevated, Dismiss Oil Surge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equities commenced elevated on Tuesday, with battered shares presenting deals to investors and oil producer equities strengthened by crude oil prices surpassing the \$50 a barrel threshold.	Business
Eras blend together seamlessly As the final moments ticked down on the last home match of his secondary school career, Larry Abare glanced up the hill at the far end of Edward M. Leary Field and observed all the little boys in denim and Acton-Boxboro jerseys, one of them scrambling through the leaves with a football tucked carefully under his arm. ...	Sports
Cisco Attains Elevated And Reduced NEW YORK - Cisco Systems is aggressively striving to boost its presence in vital expansion markets, and it's employing both innovative products and fresh acquisitions to achieve it.	Tech
Arsenal chief Wenger has goalkeeper concerns Arsenal rebounded to winning manners with a leisurely 3-0 triumph over faltering Birmingham City yesterday. A double from Thierry Henry came after Robert Pires' initial, but it was the unsteady Premiership debut.	Sports
Something Oozed on Titan #39;s Surface Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft captured this image of Titan as it sped past the moon on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an elevation of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft #39;s aperture.	Tech
Fox to urge Bush on immigration at APEC Mexico President Vicente Fox mentioned Wednesday he will encounter US President George W. Bush in Chile during the economic assembly of Pacific Rim nations.	World
Services make significant gains in Japan Tertiary index comes in at nearly double forecasts, drives up yen and assists Nikkei overcome oil. LONDON (Reuters) - The yen reached a four-week peak against the dollar Friday as stronger-than-anticipated Japanese service sector data boosted optimism about the ...	Business
Ex-WorldCom CEO Seeks Witness Protection (Reuters) Reuters - Attorneys for former WorldCom Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers are pursuing immunity for two witnesses who they think could exonerate their client of fraud allegations related to the company's $11 billion accounting scandal, according to court documents filed on Wednesday.	Business
Timeline of assaults on Westerners in Saudi Arabia Three alleged Muslim extremists shot down a Briton in the Saudi city Riyadh on Wednesday, security sources and diplomats stated.	World
Bosnian-Serb leader resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The leader of the Serbian section of Bosnia stepped down Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's chief international administrator punished Bosnian Serbs for failing to capture and surrender war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Perry sanctions funds for APS as additional accusations arise. The state’s Adult Protective Services agency will obtain an immediate infusion of $10 million to tackle the kinds of problems that have emerged in El Paso.	Business
Conquering NFL Turnover Dispute Does Count (AP) AP - Joe Gibbs had observed it before, although he didn't remember: On Dec. 7, 1986, his Washington Redskins yielded the ball seven times and lost to the New York Giants.	Sports
UN Kabul abductors disclose demands A militant faction is threatening to execute three UN captives kidnapped in Afghanistan, including a British female, unless all Taliban detainees are liberated.	World
Wizards' Kwame Brown Suspended One Game (AP) AP - The Washington Wizards suspended Kwame Brown for one match Thursday for his conduct during the previous night's match against Denver.	Sports
Africa adopts a strict position on coups The detention of Margaret Thatcher's offspring last week is the most recent illustration of a crackdown on overthrows.	World
One deceased, 15 hurt in Khuzdar explosive incident One individual killed and 15 harmed as explosive detonated in a marketplace in district Khuzdar of Balochistan, reports The News. According to law enforcement officials, the explosive was placed in a bicycle.	World
Enter your e-mail: If you can’t surpass Google, enhance it—that seems to be the lesson of A9.com, Amazon's fascinating new search site. For Web inquiries, A9 merely provides you Google’s outcomes, but it does a lot more—for instance.	Tech
Discus Champion Ejected from Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus victor Robert Fazekas will forfeit his gold medal and be dismissed from the Games after violating doping regulations, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) stated Tuesday.	Sports
11 Fatalities in a Vehicle Bomb in Kabul KABUL (Masnet & News Agencies) - At least eleven individuals, including two American nationals, were slain when a truck explosive detonated in central Kabul in the second lethal blast to hit Afghanistan over the weekend.	World
Mich. Elephant Receives Treatment for Arthritis ROYAL OAK, Mich. - Like any patient, Wanda requires positive reinforcement to grapple through her physical rehabilitation...	World
Tabbed Browsing Weaknesses Recognized Tabbed browsing, one of the more preferred attributes integrated into alternative Web browsers, contains a security flaw that jeopardizes users at risk of phishing threats, research firm Secunia warned on Wednesday.	Tech
Reds acquire Miley's option for 2005 Reds general manager Dan O'Brien stated Sunday what he has suggested for the last month or so: Dave Miley and his team will return for 2005.	Sports
Boston Marathon victor Johnny Kelley passes away Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon titleholder who became a cherished figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, expired at 97.	Sports
Phelps Aims for Fourth Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A fatigued Michael Phelps focused on his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, directing his attention on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley and settling for the second-quickest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Yukos intends to rectify itself prior to auction The Russian oil behemoth Yukos stated yesterday that administration was assembling an urgent strategy to keep operating the firm for a few months, even after the sale of its valuable asset in December.	Business
Saks declares store closures Saks states closing down less robust stores will permit the company to concentrate on its more "effective" locations and further reinforce its brand.	Business
Nextel and Sprint in negotiations on potential merger Nextel and Sprint are in discussions that could result in a union between the two mobile phone carriers, sources close to the dialogues said on Thursday.	Business
US regulations on equity options finalized The US on Thursday finalized a new accounting standard that will compel companies to deduct the expense of equity options from their earnings, a move strongly opposed by Silicon	Business
Diverted London Aircraft Granted All-Clear A police investigation concluded there was no threat to a New York-bound Greek aircraft compelled to make an urgent landing in Britain following a bomb threat that referenced Iraq, officers stated Monday.	World
LG Electronics-Matsushita PDP conflict TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- South Korea's LG Electronics Inc. stated Tuesday it would submit a counter action against Japan's Matsushita Electric Manufacturing Co.	Business
Israeli Labour & Sharon in coalition discussions Coalition peace negotiations have commenced between Israel's opposition Labour party and the Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon. Labour leader Shimon Peres stated that his party desires a assurance that the government accomplishes its	World
FCC states permitting cable TV customers to select their channels &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Federal authorities dismissed on Friday the notion that permitting cable TV customers to pay solely for channels they desire would reduce high cable expenses.	Business
Activist's Progeny Speaks Against Castro (AP) AP - Her political activist father is her idol and Sayli Navarro wants to trail in his footsteps – at any cost. The soft-spoken, articulate teenager was just 6 when her father went to prison the first time, for exhibiting signs reading ""Down with Fidel.""	World
Prime minister states Australia confronts challenging economic year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard cautioned that Australia's robust dollar, elevated global oil prices and the enduring impacts of extended drought would diminish the nation's long-vibrant economy in 2005.	World
Update 1: Thai Airways Acquires 6 Airbus Superjumbos Thai Airways has agreed to obtain six Airbus A380s, becoming the 13th airline to demand the new "superjumbo," the European aircraft producer stated Friday.	Business
PeopleSoft enhances employee remuneration Business software developer PeopleSoft Friday announced it was elevating compensation packages for all staff except its chief executive in a move that would increase the	Business
Lowe's journey to renown For Derek Lowe, two ways diverged not in a yellow woodland, as New England's poet laureate Robert Frost had it, but on the greens of Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and Busch Stadium.	Sports
Prosecutor Requests 8-Year Prison Sentence for Italy's PM  MILAN (Reuters) - An Italian prosecutor urged a court on  Friday to condemn Silvio Berlusconi to eight years in prison for  bribing jurists as the prime minister's four-year corruption  trial approached its concluding phases.	World
Dell recalls four million power supplies About 4.4 million AC power supplies sold globally with Dell laptops between September 1998 and February 2002 were recalled on Friday due to a hazard of overheating, which could result in a blaze or electric shock, according to Dell.	Tech
Red Sox Batter Ortiz Named ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The largest recovery in postseason baseball history commenced when David Ortiz had one of the finest days in baseball history.	Sports
Initial substance cases at Paralympics Athens - Two weightlifters from Azerbaijan have been prohibited from competitions for life after testing positive for substances, in the first two doping incidents of the Athens Paralympics, officials stated here on Wednesday.	Sports
Cisco becomes a member of WiMax Forum The networking behemoth officially signs on to the wireless broadband coalition as the organization's numbers grow.	Tech
Nikkei Dips Due to Exporters TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei index decreased 2 percent at the opening on Monday as investors hesitated away from exporters including Toyota Motor Corp. after a decline in the dollar beneath 107 yen stirred worries about their profits.	Business
Meeting with fate for private rocketeers LAS VEGAS - A three-seat rocket aircraft with brief wings and a nose adorned with circular windows will attempt to ascend out of Earth’s atmosphere above the Mojave Desert today to qualify for a US$10 million ($15.	Tech
Pudge, Guillen depart with injuries The Tigers lost both of their All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, to knee ailments on separate actions in Saturday's game against the Twins.	Sports
Downer embraces terror accusation THE federal administration has welcomed the filing of formal terrorism allegations against Indonesian radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir. A spokesperson for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer stated the accusations mirrored	World
New York Unveils Final, Optimal Attempt to Secure the Olympics in 2012 Leaders of the NYC2012 committee emphasized New York's benefits in diversity, wealth, and media influence.	Sports
Rumsfeld Elevates Chance of Restricted Iraq Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Thursday elevated the possibility that some regions of Iraq might be omitted from elections planned for January if safety could not be ensured.	World
Infocus: Executing Network Access Quarantine Administration, Part 2 This article investigates Network Access Quarantine Administration in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to segregate mobile users and verify their security condition before granting them full access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Hasbro's No Conehead Its Saturday Night Live rendition of "Trivial Pursuit" is effective strategy for remaining ahead of age compression.	Business
Tech Companies, FBI to Combat 'Phishing' Frauds Together (Reuters) Reuters - Online corporations and law-enforcement agencies declared on Wednesday they will collaborate to pursue online con artists who impersonate banks and other genuine businesses, a practice known as "phishing."	Tech
The OQO Should Function Linux \\This small OQO gadget is certainly quite impressive. The biggest concern\though is that it doesn't function Linux.\\This leaves you with a device bulkier than your PDA and all the uncertainty and\bloat of Windows and with a price tag of only below \$2000.\\People don't care what OS their PDA/Handtop operates. It can function an alternative OS\and for the most part consumers don't mind. WinCE hasn't exactly been a stellar\market triumph. While Microsoft does have considerable market share PalmOS,\Symbian, and Linux are doing just fine. Also most of the WinCE devices never\have the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian counterparts.\\I don't know where OQO thinks they are going to fit in. If they were to  ...\\	Tech
Kerry's spouse paid 798,820 dollars in state, national taxes in 2003 (AFP) AFP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, spouse of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dollars in gross taxable earnings in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and national taxes, or about 35 percent, her office stated in a statement.	World
New attempt to dismiss Jackson case Attorneys for Michael Jackson assert the musician's child abuse case should be dismissed.	World
Jurist Dismisses Md. Anti-Spam Legislation A Montgomery County jurist has determined that Maryland's anti-spam legislation is unconstitutional because it attempts to oversee commercial dealings beyond the state's boundaries.	Tech
Darfur Insurgents Urge Nigeria To Intercede, Initiate Sudan Peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgent leaders from Sudan #39;s Darfur area called on Thursday on Nigeria to intercede and initiate African Union-sponsored discussions on the crisis in the west of Sudan.	World
ESPN.com news services HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros enter today’s matchup against the Colorado Rockies understanding that a triumph will secure them an unlikely playoff position.	Sports
Bettman remains steadfast in conflict NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has again rejected suggestions by the players' union for a lavish tax as the sport's strike persists.	Sports
Michigan State Stuns Wisconsin EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Jason Teague, who rushed for 112 yards and a touchdown on 17 carries, grabbed a touchdown pass in the second quarter to break a tie and assist Michigan State achieve a 49-14 victory over	Sports
Pictures: Nintendo matures--a bit The Nintendo DS features a touch-responsive display and is targeted towards an older audience.	Tech
Weary Massu Outlasts Fish for Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Nicolas Massu reeled in Mardy Fish in five exhausting sets on Sunday to win Chile their second gold medal at an Olympic Games less than 24 hours after aiding them to their first.	Sports
Turkey Confronts Lengthy Path to EU Membership The European Commission's careful suggestion that Turkey commence membership discussions positions the nation a stride nearer to achieving its aspiration of joining Europe -- but	World
Ocean Spray to Acquire Northland Holdings Aiming to broaden its fruit receiving and concentrating operations in the country's largest cranberry-producing region, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.	Business
In Regained Iraqi City, Hazards Lurk U.S. forces have overseen Tall Afar since Sunday, after deadly confrontations last week. On Tuesday, troops, led by an Iraqi known as ""The Source,"" reopened the city and searched for insurgents.	World
Boston Red Sox Squad Report - September 24 (Sports Network) - A remarkable throwing duel is on schedule at Fenway Park this evening when Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox greet Mike Mussina and the despised New York Yankees to town for another chapter in baseball's most intense rivalry.	Sports
NFL Game Recap - Detroit at Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - David Garrard connected with Jimmy Smith for a 36-yard touchdown throw 5:28 into extra time to elevate Jacksonville over Detroit, 23-17, in a wild encounter at Alltel Stadium.	Sports
Florida's prepaid college program flourishing Already the largest of its type in the nation, Florida's beloved prepaid-tuition initiative anticipates to reach its millionth client during a registration period that lasts Monday through Jan. 31.	Business
Chargers to commence Brees in Houston, beyond com. The San Diego Chargers declared on Monday that Drew Brees will begin the 2004 opener against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium.	Sports
Microsoft concludes three-year governmental arrangement Hot on the heels of its 10-year strategic collaboration with the London Borough of Newham, Microsoft is near to signing a new extensive three-year public sector contract with the government.	Tech
Detonator discovered near Berlusconi's residence Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi (left) strolls with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his spouse Cherie Blair at Berlusconi's estate, Monday. AP ...	World
Tokyo Shares Unchanged, Emphasis on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares were unchanged in mid-morning  trading on Monday with assurance in the domestic economic  perspective failing to counteract profit-taking that affected recent gainers  such as insurers and property stocks.	Business
Adobe, Yahoo to Merge Products Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE.O and Yahoo Inc. YHOO.O on Monday announced they have inked a pact to unite Adobe services, like its commonly utilized document-sharing application, with Yahoo's Web search capabilities.	Tech
EPA: U.S. Waterways Contain Contaminated Fish (AP) AP - One of every three lakes in the United States, and almost one-quarter of the nation's streams have enough pollution that individuals should limit or avoid consuming fish caught there.	Tech
Nokia eliminates faulty batteries Helsinki - Nokia, the globe's largest mobile device manufacturer intends to label its original batteries with a hologram as part of the battle against unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries - some of which have detonated in users' hands.	Tech
New Jobless Claims Increase; Import Expenses Surge Higher In another report, import expenses excluding petroleum recorded the largest increase in 10 months, a possible early warning on inflation from the weaker dollar.	Business
Proposal Would Revive Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year strategy would renew salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, more than 100 years after the farmland was drained and diked.	Tech
Sidebar: Microsoft Joins Data Archiving Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft #39;s declaration of a disk-to-disk backup application crafted to unify data backups on Windows servers positions the company to compete against storage management giants such as Veritas	Tech
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' a Tech Masterpiece (AP) AP - It's been six years since Valve Corp. refined the first-person shooter with ""Half-Life."" Video games have progressed a long way since, with superior graphics and more choices than ever. Still, relatively few games have summoned this one's unforgettable characters and original science fiction narrative.	Tech
NASD Warns of Risky Home-Equity Investing WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Too many property-rich Americans are borrowing capital against their homes to participate in the stock market, brokerages overseer NASD cautioned on Wednesday.	Business
Skype Telephony Now Accessible for the Mac Skype for Windows, Skype for Pocket PC and Skype for Linux -- Skype for Mac OS X is complimentary. Skype users can manage their online presence and	Tech
Mauritania coup mastermind apprehended Nouakchott, Mauritania - Authorities stated on Saturday they detained the purported orchestrator of a series of thwarted coup and assassination efforts against Mauritania's officials.	World
Cali Cartel Leader Sent to U.S. on Narcotics Charges  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The former leader of the Cali narcotics cartel, who once dominated most of the globe's cocaine trade, was dispatched to the United States on Friday to confront trafficking and money laundering allegations.	World
Pires ready to cover penalty for donning incorrect outfit Arsenal star Robert Pires stated Monday he is willing to cover a penalty for not wearing the official French team sponsor's attire in a television interview last month.	Sports
Melrose fails short Melrose neared its Thanksgiving Day confrontation with Wakefield as an undefeated juggernaut bound for the playoffs. But Wakefield has hindered the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no distinct.	Sports
Supporters Salute Icon Clough Thousands of soccer enthusiasts fell quiet today to commemorate the life and accomplishments of legendary coach Brian Clough. A communal tribute was held in Nottingham city center and a minute	Sports
ROGER #39;S PREPARED Roger Federer states he #39;s prepared to eliminate the perception as being too gentle to triumph in New York. The globe #39;s No. 1 athlete from Switzerland has competed in three US Opens and lost in the fourth round each occasion.	Sports
Florida Surprise No. 10 Florida State 20-13 Florida State #39;s Chauncey Stovall, left, drops with a fourth-quarter-touchdown catch as Florida defender Vernell Brown, right, falls down, Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla.	Sports
WWW KOTV.com _ Nearly 800 British troops departed their base in southern Iraq on Wednesday, moving north toward Baghdad to substitute US forces who are anticipated to engage in an assault against insurgent strongholds.	World
E-Mail And IM Approach Closer ICQ, an IM service supplier owned by America Online, and Mail2World Inc., a provider of messaging and cooperation services, this week unveiled a free enhancement to the ICQmail service that	Tech
Battles clash across Mosul MOSUL, Iraq -- US and Iraqi forces invaded insurgent-controlled police stations and districts in this northern city Tuesday, reclaiming a number of locations captured last week by fighters who rose up in favor of militants in Fallujah.	World
IBM Reveals New Storage Innovation IBM recently revealed the TotalStorage DS6000, a roughly VCR-dimensioned system targeted at medium-sized enterprises. The new DS8000 series system showcases IBM Power5 microprocessors and IBM's Virtualization.	Tech
Liberty on the Advance in Iraq, Bush Tells Electors (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush stated on Thursday liberty was on the advance in Iraq even as a U.S. intelligence assessment portrayed a grim perspective for the nation's future.	World
Energy Dept. finances open-source InfiniBand project Three-year initiative will support coders' endeavor to develop Linux software assistance for the high-speed networking technology.	Tech
46 Deceased, 270 Hurt In Iraqi Turmoil Baghdad, Sept. 8 (NNN): Violent confrontations on Tuesday between US troops and Shia fighters resulted in over 46 individuals, including six US soldiers, deceased across Iraq during the prior 24 hours, officials stated here on Wednesday.	World
Digital home amusement hits the highway Cinema-quality entertainment systems are arriving in the vehicle. Is peak hour prepared for wireless file exchanging?&lt;br /&gt; Photo gallery: Consumer gadgets takes a trial drive	Tech
Overtime Objective Secures Canada in World Cup Hockey Final Vincent Lecavalier #39's score 3:45 into overtime clinched Canada a nerve-wracking 4-3 triumph over the Czech Republic on Saturday and a spot in the final of the World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
Intel Clarifies on 2005 Desktop Approach Intel's offerings for the digital household and digital workplace in 2005 will provide consumers and IT administrators more functionalities than just sheer performance, and the firm intends to emphasize those products as it did with its Centrino mobile technology, Intel.	Tech
Chile's Lagos Obtains Torture Commission Report &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a horrifying report on Wednesday from a governmental commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to document for the first time the systematic use of torment during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.&lt;/p&gt;	World
Fed #39;s Pianalto optimistic on expansion, inflation WASHINGTON : The Federal Reserve #39;s strategy of gradual interest rate increases is a sign the US economy does not require the support that low rates provide, according to Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.	Business
Cingular to Reduce About 7,000 Positions (Reuters) Reuters - Cingular Wireless will reduce about 7,000 positions, or 10 percent of its workforce, to lower expenses as it merges recently acquired AT T Wireless, the company stated on Tuesday.	Tech
Wrigley nibbles into Kraft WRIGLEY is acquiring the Life Savers and Altoids confectionery and mint enterprises from Kraft Foods for 800 million. The agreement allows Wrigley to enlarge in the sweet segment, while allowing Kraft to concentrate on the remainder of its food operations.	Business
Florida climate may assist Israeli citrus sector As sunshine state heals its injuries from Hurricane Frances, Gan Shmuel could gain the advantages. The most significant news for Florida's 2.8 million inhabitants this week has not been from the Republican	Business
Deriving Wisdom From Berkshire Other than Comcast and ServiceMaster improvements, it's been a calm quarter of trading for this portfolio.	Business
Sony Guides MGM Purchase Entertainment firms had been competing for MGM to obtain their grasp on its collection of over 4,000 titles. Time Warner originally was viewed as the leading contender in the competition.	Business
Crude prices linger near historic highs Oil prices float just beneath Monday's record summits in Asian trading, amid ongoing worries over worldwide supply deficiencies.	Business
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Eagles secured a fourth consecutive NFC East championship by making Eli Manning appear very much like a novice.	Sports
Flop in the ninth inning submerges Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have endured worse batting games this season against inferior pitchers than Pedro Martinez.	Sports
Petroleum Close to \$50 on Supply Concerns in Nigeria Petroleum costs surged to record peaks Monday near \$50 a barrel for US crude as Nigeria surfaced as the latest center for anxieties about supply in an already restricted global energy marketplace.	Business
Survey: Napster, iTunes surpass other download brands (MacCentral) MacCentral - Market research firm Ipsos-Insight on Tuesday revealed the findings of TEMPO, a quarterly survey of digital music habits. According to the report, consumers aged 12 and older in the United States were as likely to be conscious of Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0 when it came to identifying digital music download brands -- each music service recorded 20 percent of what TEMPO refers to as "top-of-mind" recognition.	Tech
Space Station Team Shifts Rescue Capsule The maneuver liberates the hatch on the docking port that the crew members will utilize for work sorties in January and March. Furthermore, the launch of an uncrewed Progress cargo vessel has been delayed one day to December 24.	Tech
Tenth-Ranked Ga. Overcomes Ark. 20-14 (AP) AP - David Greene passed for a career-best 382 yards and two touchdowns, Thomas Brown ran for 107 yards and No. 10 Georgia resisted Arkansas 20-14.	Sports
Presidential victor confronts 'dual deficits' struggle (AFP) AFP - Whomever triumphs in the November 2 presidential election will inherit enormous budget and trade shortfalls that present significant economic challenges that will provide little respite for President George W. Bush or contender John Kerry.	World
Icahn Targets The Raised River NEW YORK - Why has Carl Icahn directed his attention on the relatively trivial Mylan Laboratories, a generic medication firm with only \$1.5 billion in profits and a \$4.3 billion market value?	Business
Baxter Terminates Flu Vaccine Study; References Adverse Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday announced it discontinued a late-stage European study of a flu vaccine due to elevated-than-anticipated rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Panathinaikos 2, Arsenal 2 Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann was left embarrassed in Athens as two expensive blunders ensured that a Champions League triumph slipped through his team's grasp again.	Sports
Ashado drifts away to triumph Distaff Ashado had a small difficulty discovering racing space in the stretch of the Breeders #39; Cup Distaff on Saturday. But once she did, she swiftly leaped away from the competition.	Sports
Record-shattering Warne leaves Murali behind Madras - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne may have displayed only glimpses of his brilliance in India, but he still has numerous reasons to grin after breaking the Test cricket bowling record in Madras on Friday.	Sports
Kerry States He's in a 'Combat Mood' (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry mentioned Saturday he's in a ""combat mood"" with two months remaining to the presidential as his supporters defended him from inquiries about his bravery in Vietnam.	World
U.S. Jet Shoots at Residence in Fallujah (AP) AP - An American aircraft launched a missile at a residence where approximately 10 members of an al-Qaida-associated group were believed to be congregating in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, police and the U.S. military indicated. At least three individuals were slain.	World
Pharma Organizations Address EPC Concerns Sept. 30, 2004 Responding to appeals from pharmaceutical vendors, distributors, and producers, EPCglobal has included a new action committee to specifically examine the pharmaceutical sector.	Tech
Microsoft CFO: Anticipate more purchases Microsoft may aim to become a more spread-out firm as it considers future significant acquisitions, CFO John Connors stated yesterday.	Tech
Schwarzenegger Promises to Protect Emissions Legislation Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers submitted litigation to hinder California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in September.	World
Lego, Carrefour in French Price-Fixing Investigation (AP) AP - French competition regulators are scrutinizing Danish toy producer Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA as part of an inquiry into alleged cost manipulation in the French toy market in 2002 and early 2003.	Business
Specialists Forecast Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - The flurry of tremors at Mount St. Helens heightened further Thursday, and one researcher estimated the likelihood of a minor eruption occurring in the next few days at 70 percent.	Tech
Sharon to Hold Strained Meeting With Settlers JERUSALEM - After more than a year of evading Jewish settlers, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has opted to directly confront his former supporters in a meeting about his controversial plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. Sharon invited settler leaders to convene with him in Jerusalem on Sunday, just a week before he presents his "disengagement" scheme to parliament...	World
SC to listen to Zee petition tomorrow Five judges of the highest court will consider a petition lodged by Zee Telefilms on Tuesday. A three-judge panel of the Supreme Court stated a five-judge bench would address the contention that jeopardizes the rights of India's	Sports
Mobile battle against domestic abuse A campaign starts to gather old cell phones and transform them into alarms for women who are assaulted in the residence.	Tech
One billion 'denied a youth' More than one billion youngsters around the globe confront a harsh reality because of destitution, conflict and Aids, the UN children's organization reports.	World
3 law enforcement officers indicted over Beslan standoff ROSTOV-ON-DON, RUSSIA - Three Russian law enforcement personnel have been charged with criminal neglect in connection to the Beslan school hostage crisis that resulted in 360 individuals deceased, nearly half of them children.	World
Powerful tremor strikes Hokkaido SAPPORO -- A quite robust earthquake struck eastern Hokkaido, northern Japan, late Monday evening, and numerous individuals sustained minor injuries, authorities stated.	World
Serbia, Bosnian Serbs Fail to Assist War Crimes Tribunal, UN Says The administrations of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb territory of Bosnia-Herzegovina have not succeeded in bringing war crimes suspects to the United Nations tribunal, Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte informed the Security Council.	World
India's budget airline targets business travel (AFP) AFP - India's trailblazer low-cost carrier Air Deccan intends to secure 50 million dollars in private equity by relinquishing a 26 percent share and also strives to venture into the corporate business jet sector, its chairman stated.	World
India's Tata makes strong debut Stocks in Indian software services behemoth Tata Consultancy end 16 greater on their market launch, raising \$1.2bn for the firm.	World
Intel Increases Dividend, Enhances Buyback by \$11.5 Bln (Update2) Intel Corp., the globe's largest computer-chip manufacturer, doubled its quarterly dividend and augmented its stock repurchase program by \$11.	Business
Ironman champion confirms she utilized substance Nina Kraft, victor of last month’s Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai’i, admitted yesterday that she had employed the prohibited endurance-enhancing drug EPO.	Sports
Viet Nam profoundly regrets Palestinian leader's demise Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) - "We are profoundly touched and saddened by the passing of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian State and President of the Palestine Liberation Organisation," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Le Dung has stated.	World
China Condemns 'Bush Principle' Prior to US Vote On the eve of the US election, China condemned what it referred to as the "Bush principle," asserted the Iraq conflict has ravaged the global anti-terror coalition and ascribed hubris for the problems afflicting the United States worldwide.	World
Blair, Bush to Gather as Middle East Concerns Loom British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has advocated for advancement on Middle East peace negotiations and is one of the United States' nearest allies, will convene with President Bush next week, the White House stated on Saturday.	World
Stocks in Motion: Claire #39;s Shares of Claire #39;s Stores (CLE:NYSE - news - research) were among the NYSE #39;s decliners Thursday, plummeting 15 after the company released third-quarter results that fell short of analysts #39; forecasts and cautioning about the fourth quarter.	Business
Olympics-U.S. Women Demonstrate Men How to Achieve Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women's basketball squad exhibited their men how to secure gold Saturday as around 70,000 onlookers gathered at the Olympic arena for a frenzied athletics agenda on the second-to-last evening of the Athens Games.	Sports
Ancient mold 'awakened' in laboratory Fungus from a deep-ocean sediment core that is hundreds of thousands of years old will thrive when placed in culture, researchers discover.	World
Premier consumes Bird's custard Bird's custard and Angel Delight are returned to British control after a £70m agreement announced yesterday. The renowned brands have been acquired by Premier Foods, proprietor of Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from the US food corporation Kraft.	Business
Bush Attributes Poorly Constructed Shirt for Bulge (AP) AP - President Bush recognizes the worth  #151; and the wit  #151; in the notion that aides could secretly supply him counsel through a radio receiver concealed on his back.	World
Saddam encounters attorney, associates scheduled in Court Saddam Hussein met with a defense attorney Thursday for the initial time since his capture a year ago, days before numerous of his top associates are set to appear in court for hearings on purported war offenses.	World
Red Sox Experiencing Stress of 0-2 Start in ALCS (AP) AP - The infield at Fenway Park was covered with a filthy white tarp on a dreary day. Unless the Boston Red Sox start winning soon, the gloom will last all winter. The Red Sox returned home Thursday after losing the first two matches of the AL championship series to the Yankees in New York. As its practice commenced, Boston announced ace Curt Schilling's troubled ankle will hinder him from pitching Game 5 and possibly the remainder of the postseason.	Sports
Mexico's Fox Unveils Human Rights Strategy (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox introduced a scheme Friday to enhance Mexico's troubled human rights history, promising to eliminate torture and to hold corrupt and abusive officials responsible for unjust arrests and inadequate police work.	World
IBM, allies unveil ID management package IBM Corp. and four allies on Wednesday declared what they term a ""significant advancement"" in identity management aimed at assisting businesses and government organizations safeguard assets, including IT systems and physical locations, from unauthorized individuals.	Tech
Reductions presented, concern persists levy or limit The union's suggestion to conclude the lockout, proposed Thursday at the league's Canadian center, demands a levy that would punish -- and perhaps dissuade -- upscale payrolls.	Sports
Blu-ray group demands Microsoft codec for BD-ROM The Blu-ray Disc Association (BRDA) has chosen Microsoft's VC-9 video codec for upcoming BD-ROM material, the organization announced today.	Tech
Cubs delayed Chicago loses wild-card advantage after ninth-inning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austin Kearns acknowledges he #39;ll be back home in Louisville, Ky., once the regular season concludes on Sunday. The Cincinnati Reds outfielder did his utmost Wednesday to uphold the Chicago Cubs.	Sports
Once More, Mets Falter Toward Conclusion of a Season year ago, the Mets were heading nowhere when they swept the top-ranked Atlanta Braves in a three-game series at Shea Stadium on the first three days of September.	Sports
Toshiba secures HD DVD backing Four film studios are anticipated to launch films on the new HD format in the final quarter of 2005. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.	Tech
The NFL is at its midpoint. Time to distribute some accolades. It’s the NFL midseason, and I’ve done a fairly good job the last few months pretending I don’t report on the sport for SI.	Sports
Bush Observed Susceptible to Kerry Among Independent Electorate (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who possesses a substantial advantage in certain surveys, still seems to be susceptible to Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose fluctuating allegiances could decide the victor of the November election, pollsters state.	World
Tropical Storm Hits Coastal S.C. CHARLESTON, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston pounded the South Carolina shoreline with rainfall and near-hurricane force wind early Sunday, inundating roads and knocking out electricity to at least 75,000 residences...	World
Lewis University Placed on Probation (AP) AP - Lewis University of Division II was placed on four years' probation for a variety of violations that included its men's volleyball team, which secured a national title last year the institution has since rescinded.	Sports
With effort, Dana-Farber learns from '94 errors Nurse Teresa Mazeika has known the woman knitting in the azure reclining chair for months. But she asks Carolyn Harlow her title and birthdate anyway, as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood malignancy. Mazeika, a 17-year nursing veteran at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, isn't taking any risks that she is about to give the drug to the incorrect patient.	Business
King Pong Appeals to Fans Spike TV's Gaming Awards Event attracts notable celebrities and bands but gives the fans the votes.	Tech
Hey buddy, we're relocating overseas too! Australia's IT News reports the results of a recent poll in which more than 20 percent of corporate executives said they were contemplating or suggesting offshore outsourcing. Outsourcing Blog	Tech
Three Individuals Slain at Afghan Barrier KABUL (Reuters) - A person and two females were shot dead by Afghan and U.S.-led forces after their automobile sped through a barrier on Saturday, a U.S. military announcement said.	World
Wall Street: Will the ascent persist through December? So far, Wall Street's anticipated fourth-quarter growth has met investors' expectations. But there's been enough adverse news recently to make you question if the purchasing will falter.	Business
Benitez applauds Gerrard #39;s contribution Rafael Benitez commended the skipper #39;s display of Steven Gerrard after his thrilling late strike secured Liverpool a position in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday.	Sports
Jags Release Compton, Maddox (AP) AP - Veteran offensive lineman Mike Compton and rookie defensive tackle Anthony Maddox were among the 12 athletes released by the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday.	Sports
California employee pension fund provides PeopleSoft shares to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The California Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers) is presenting its 1.5 million PeopleSoft Inc.	Business
Intel exits chip velocity roller coaster: Technology India: New York, Oct 19 : The globe's premier computer chip manufacturer Intel has leaped off the chip speed roller coaster by pulling its four gigahertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 processor off the blueprint.	Tech
Bosnian-Serb chief resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The chief of the Serbian segment of Bosnia stepped down Friday, a day after the U.S. administration and Bosnia's top international overseer punished Bosnian Serbs for failing to capture and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
Shell Cautions of Fresh Reductions in Reserves of Oil and Gas The caution arrived during its profit report and on a day when Shell stated it would combine the two entities that comprise the company, unifying the boards and administration.	Business
Treasuries Decrease as Stocks Surge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury securities prices declined on  Monday, though traders described the move as profit-taking  rather than any fundamental alteration in sentiment.	Business
No. 17 Rutgers Halts South Dakota State (AP) AP - Freshman guard Matee Ajavon netted 29 points to guide Rutgers over South Dakota State 68-50 on Thursday in the inaugural game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the U.S. Virgin Islands.	Sports
Avaya to purchase German IP telephony provider U.S. telecommunications apparatus manufacturer Avaya Inc. amplified its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to obtain German enterprise communications supplier Tenovis GmbH Co. KG.	Tech
Speak Clearly and Carry a Handbook Ten years after it revealed its first fantasy residence, Microsoft has a new showcase home displaying technology that Microsoft is wagering will become ordinary within a few years.	Tech
Bush Promises Robust-Dollar Strategy President Bush convenes with Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.	Business
Trojan horse propels junk into mobile phones Infected machines dispatch a barrage of unwanted text messages, a security company states.	Tech
Eleusis triumphs Long Island #39;cap; Personal Legend prevails Turnback the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Eleusis accomplished a successful US debut by defeating Literacy by 2\\ lengths in Aqueduct #39;s Saturday feature, the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.	Sports
Research: Reappearance of Wolves Alters Ecosystem (AP) AP - Researchers examining the wider impacts of wolf reintroduction stated a burgeoning collection of evidence implies that exterminating predators such as wolves and grizzly bears in the past century initiated a chain reaction of effects that disrupted ecosystems out of equilibrium.	Tech
Challenging to forecast a hurricane arrival this season #39;s hectic period of landfalling Atlantic hurricanes has witnessed a few less-than-ideal predictions by tropical	Tech
Cummins 3Q Earnings More Than Quadrupled Service engine manufacturer Cummins Inc. on Wednesday announced that third-quarter earnings more than quadrupled - surpassing both its own guidance and Wall Street projections - and full-year profits would also surpass previous expectations.	Business
Feds Quiet on Pre-Election Terror Risk (AP) AP - FBI, Justice Department and Homeland Security Department officials aren't talking much about the danger of a terrorist attack to disrupt the election in two weeks.	World
Medtronic Quarterly Profit Up CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings increased on strong demand for devices that manage irregular heart rhythms and products used to treat the spine.	Business
Clicking on Earnings The latest information from the US Department of Commerce further strengthens what we have all assumed: E-commerce sales are rising. Not only might one presume that consumer assurance has been reinforced since last year, there ...	Business
AA takes easy route on expense reductions PENNY-SAVING American Airlines is to eliminate the cushions from half its aircraft to save \$300,000 (163,000) annually. While the cost savings are minor compared with the \$4bn a year American has cut back	Business
No. 12 Virginia loses crucial defensive player Charlottesville, VA (Sports Network) - The No. 12 ranked Virginia Cavaliers will be without defensive end Chris Canty for the rest of the season.	Sports
Immigrants established in large cities, but less probable to discover employment: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Most of the nearly two million newcomers who arrived in Canada during the 1990s settled in one of the country's 27 census metropolitan zones, but still encountered it more difficult to locate work than natural-born citizens, Statistics Canada reported Wednesday.	World
No rapid solution in Boeing-Airbus discussions World Trade Organization (WTO) discussions on a transatlantic conflict over aircraft subsidies will bring no swift remedy for what could be the largest commercial disagreement in WTO history, officials and analysts cautioned on Wednesday.	Business
Judge Approves Unveiling of Kobe Evidence (AP) AP - A judge authorized the way for the unveiling of documents and other proof in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case on Wednesday.	Sports
Subaru World Rally Team - Rally GB, Leg 1 Report Petter Solberg showcased his triumph potential aboard his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 today to secure three stage victories and conclude Leg one in second place overall.	Sports
Petroleum costs appear poised to dominate The cost of petroleum appears ready to seize headlines as experts predict that its record-shattering surge may indeed persist.	Business
Camacho #39;leaves Bernabeu #39; Real Madrid manager Jose Antonio Camacho has stepped down after the club #39;s subpar beginning to the season, according to accounts in Spain. Cadena Ser radio stated Camacho had informed Real chairman Florentino Perez he was resigning.	Sports
Labor Partners Desire Senate to Halt OT Regulations (AP) AP - Fresh from their victory in the House, labor partners want the Senate to obstruct new Bush administration overtime regulations that detractors say would stop 6 million American workers from receiving the extra pay.	World
Excited Phelps Grabs Gold for First Time Michael Phelps secured the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and established a world record in a duration of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.	Sports
Crooks slither into Net's questionable nooks and crannies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Organized crime syndicates and minor thieves are flocking to the Internet like start-ups in the booming '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar underground economy in just a few years. The Internet's expansion as an economic engine, particularly for financial transactions, is fueling the criminal frenzy.	Tech
Einstein Is Demonstrated Correct Again An experiment utilizing two orbiting satellites has validated that as the Earth rotates it pulls space and time around itself, like a spinning top in syrup.	Tech
Needham nips Framingh As Carey Division adversaries in the Bay State Conference, the Needham and Framingham field hockey squads met twice already this autumn, with the clubs dividing a pair of 1-0 verdicts.	Sports
BOND REPORT CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Treasurys stayed firmly lower Wednesday in the aftermath of election outcomes that had President Bush leading Democratic contender John Kerry.	Business
Nokia observes robust demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005. Nokia has projected that smartphone deliveries globally are anticipated to rise to 238 million units by 2008, up from 23 million this year, according to Anssi Vanjoki, executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia.	Tech
Red Hat partners with Netscape to expand its domain Linux supplier plans to introduce Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to stretch beyond its main product.	Tech
Petroleum exports stream as strike troubles diminish A general walkout in Nigeria, which has heightened concerns over oil supply from the globe's seventh-largest exporter, will probably conclude its initial phase on Thursday "all going well," union chiefs stated.	World
NFL Suspends Seattle Wideout Four Contests (AP) AP - Seattle wideout Koren Robinson was barred without compensation Monday for the next four contests for breaching the NFL's substance-use policy.	Sports
Soccer Mentor Raymond Goethals Passes Away at 83 (AP) AP - Raymond Goethals, the Belgian soccer mentor who directed Olympique Marseille to the 1993 European Champions Cup victory, died Monday, according to news reports. He was 83.	Sports
Petroleum prices soar to historic summit The price of petroleum has persisted in its sharp rise overnight, ending at a historic peak. The main contract in New York, light sweet crude for delivery next month, has finished at a historic \$US46.75 a barrel - up 70 cents from yesterday's close.	World
Opel administration, employees discuss in employment concerns The administration and labor representatives of the automobile manufacturer Opel commenced discussions Monday on the contentious extensive layoffs confronted by its employees.	Business
US Supreme Court requested to decide on homosexuals' entitlement to adopt children (AFP) AFP - The American Civil Liberties Union, the prominent US civil rights organization, petitioned the US Supreme Court to determine the right of homosexuals to adopt children.	World
Stocks Inch Upward As Oil Costs Fall NEW YORK - A steep decline in oil costs provided Wall Street a slight relief rally Monday, with stocks inching upward on news that oil output had surged during the month of September. Investors who have divested stocks for months as oil costs rose reversed course Monday and began purchasing as the price of crude decreased...	World
Pfizer Increases Caution on Bextra Skin Danger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; stated on Friday it is delivering additional information to healthcare professionals about its arthritis medication Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same category as the withdrawn drug Vioxx.	Business
THIERRY HEELS THE INJURIES THE SIGN of brilliance is to create the unforeseen. The evidence of genius is to achieve it repeatedly. Thierry Henry is a magnificent genius.	Sports
MPAA expands piracy net Hollywood studios initiated legal assaults Tuesday on the computer server providers they assert are the technological intermediaries facilitating online film theft possible.	Tech
Davenport Progresses at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport's summer of triumph remained on track Thursday when the fifth-seeded former U.S. Open titleholder defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2 and moved on to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam occasion...	World
Socialites join dolphin clusters Dolphin clusters, or ""pods"", depend on socialites to maintain them from disintegrating, researchers assert.	Tech
Vocalist: Minaya comes back home NEW YORK -- Omar Minaya stood behind a tiny lectern in a musty room in the depths of Shea Stadium, and permitted his life to flicker before his eyes.	Sports
Wineries seek to supreme court for modification in shipping regulations A patron inquired vintner Leon Santoro this week if he could send a case of wine to the patron's residence in New York. Not lawfully, responded Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards & Winery in Escondido.	Business
Bush, Kerry Adhere to Matter Of Safety Presidential contenders scoured the Midwest for the last few undecided voters Thursday, each bearing dire alerts that his opponent's triumph would exacerbate the safety of Americans.	World
WTO Penalties on US Exports Broadens Divide in Congress Irate over unjust subsidies allocated to US firms from tariffs gathered on items imported here, the WTO has broadened the divide with Congress by enforcing penalties of their own.	Business
India and Pakistan conclude discussions, stalemate on Kashmir (AFP) AFP - The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan conducted a concluding round of negotiations amid reports of advancement on peripheral matters, but the nuclear adversaries remained stuck on Kashmir.	World
Ohio State #39;s significant plays destroy Wolverines Football coaches, particularly those at Michigan, continuously emphasize the significance of avoiding the big play. A lot of athletes didn #39;t receive the message on Saturday.	Sports
Bovina finishes two-year delay Seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina captured her first title in two years by overcoming France #39;s Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the conclusion of the Pilot Pen tournament.	Sports
Grand Jury Supplements to HealthSouth Accusations Federal prosecutors yesterday declared additional perjury and obstruction-of-justice accusations against HealthSouth Corp. founder Richard M. Scrushy, charging the former chief executive of the rehabilitation.	Business
Islamic Expert, Visa Denied, Abandons U.S. Position GENEVA (Reuters) - A prominent Swiss-based Islamic expert on Tuesday relinquished plans to instruct at a leading U.S. institution after waiting in vain for a visa and accused the Bush administration of attempting to suppress him.	World
Samsung Declares It Will Broaden Chip Manufacturing The Samsung Electronics Corporation, the Korean technology giant, stated Monday that it would invest $23.7 billion in new chip fabrication lines over the next six years.	Business
Vioxx Confronts Obstacles from Insurers, Attorneys Merck & Co. encounters a dual menace from health insurers and patients' attorneys, after a US study indicated its Vioxx arthritis medication possesses a higher risk than competing drugs.	Business
Japanese Baseball Athletes, Proprietors Reach Accord (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese baseball athletes and club representatives reached a pact Thursday to conclude the first strike in the 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with proprietors agreeing to allow newcomers into the leagues as early as next season.	Sports
Brown, Fratello and Grizzlies all emerge ahead Hubie Brown, 71, got to retire as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies of own choice, drawing praises for transforming a franchise that never won more than 23 contests into a 50-victory squad in less than two seasons.	Sports
mmO2: i-mode launch looks definite mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are reportedly planning to introduce a UK i-mode mobile service. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - The much-publicized alliance between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to bring i-mode mobile content to the UK seems to be a finalized agreement.	Tech
Toronto Raptors Team Update - November 13 (Sports Network) - The surprising Toronto Raptors will strive to raise their record to 5-2 tonight, when they continue their six-game away trip against the Portland Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden.	Sports
Poland initiates Katyn investigation Polish war crimes prosecutors scrutinize the 1940 fatalities of members of the Polish elite in Russia's Katyn Woods.	World
Microsoft is suing eight computer vendors over dubious labels. Microsoft has announced it is pursuing legal action against eight PC vendors over claims they have been attaching Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to non-legitimate Microsoft products.	Tech
Button choice postponed Jenson Button must wait until next month before finding out which Formula One squad he can compete for next season. He wants to depart BAR for Williams but both teams assert to have an agreement with the British racer.	Sports
Alaska Wildfires Expand to Record 5 Million Acres (Reuters) Reuters - Wildfires have burned over 5 million acres in Alaska as of Tuesday, forestry officials stated, a new benchmark that indicates possible alterations in climate conditions and the makeup of the vast woodlands.	Tech
Wharf announces debut with dismissals In-form Alex Wharf made an extraordinary start to his international career this morning with dismissals in his first two overs against India at Trent Bridge.	Sports
Md. Board Assembly Concerns Democrats Republican-controlled election committee met behind closed doors in conversations that Democrats feared were aimed at ousting Elections Administrator Linda H. Lamone.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	Tech
Kmart Swings to Profit in 2Q; Stock Rises (AP) AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. jumped 17 percent Monday after the discount merchant reported a gain for the second quarter and stated chairman and majority owner Edward Lampert is now free to invest the company's £2.6 billion in surplus cash.	Business
GM May Shut Plant in Europe DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will probably eliminate some positions in Europe and may close a facility there as part of a restructuring scheme under development to attempt to restore the region to profitability, the U.S. automaker stated on Wednesday.	Business
Reducing population 'lacks resources' Wealthy nations are providing merely half the sum they pledged to assist in reducing global population growth, the UN states.	Tech
Israel's Sharon Endures Two No-Confidence Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon endured two no-confidence votes in Israel's legislature on Monday, clinging to authority as he attempts to advance a contentious plan for retreat from some occupied land.	World
Eisner obstructed substantial concepts, Ovitz informs court Former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz asserted Tuesday that he labored relentlessly to improve the company but often encountered opposition from CEO Michael Eisner and a small group of senior executives who declined to report to him.	Business
British Airways to discard Qantas londonBritish Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second-largest airline, will divest its 18 percent holding in Qantas Airways Ltd. valued at 427 million or about \$980 million (Canadian) to reduce debt prior to potential purchases in Europe.	Business
Team Leaders Condemn Hamilton Examination Method Two Spanish cycling team leaders have denounced how American Tyler Hamilton #39;s affirmative test for a blood transfusion was executed.	Sports
Baxter Concludes Flu Vaccine Experiment; Cites Adverse Effects Baxter International Inc. on Thursday announced it terminated a late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine due to elevated-than-anticipated rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Cingular Acknowledges Merger Savings Surpassing Plan Cingular Wireless, the nation’s largest mobile provider following the corporation’s merger with AT&T Wireless, announced Wednesday that it has finished integration activities ahead of timetable and now anticipates merger-related cost reductions to exceed previous estimates.	Business
UK indicts 8 in terror scheme connected to warning in US LONDON, AUGUST 17: Britain accused eight terror suspects on Tuesday with conspiracy to commit homicide and stated one had intentions that could be utilized in attacking US structures that were the target of security alarms this month.	World
Connors rallying shout for British tennis "Do you possess it in your spirit? How much courage do you have? How much do you loathe to defeat?" These are the inquiries Jimmy Connors will be posing to Britain's brightest tennis aspirations in the months, and possibly years, to come.	Sports
India initiates rural assistance project India initiates a $445m food-for-labor initiative aimed at addressing starvation in impoverished rural regions.	World
Shares Rise as Oil Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shares surged on Wednesday as oil rates, which have restrained investor excitement for shares in check for months, declined sharply after a greater-than-anticipated crude accumulation last week.	Business
Britons still favor fish n'chips (AFP) AFP - Traditional fish-and-chips along with beloved pub food remain the meals of preference for Britons surpassing Chinese or Indian take-outs.	World
Research: Apple, Dell top PC consumer satisfaction index The PC sector is performing a superior job this year of pleasing its U.S. clients, and improved technical assistance and more user-friendly hardware appear to have made an impact, according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index.	Tech
US troops bomb Falluja many individuals were slain. The US armed forces last week asserted to have eliminated approximately 100 of Zarqawi's. fighters who possess the region largely under their dominion.	World
Homages flood in for 'Crazy Horse' Hughes had been fighting the disease for 15 months but declined in the past few days, his spouse Barbara said. "He passed away at his residence in Sheffield with his relatives around him," she stated.	Sports
IBM intends Web meeting service, targets WebEx IBM's new Lotus Web Conferencing Service, anticipated to be provided next month, necessitates that users merely sign up for an account and possess an Internet connection, a Web browser and a phone.	Tech
Boston Red Sox Squad Update - September 24 (Sports Network) - An extraordinary pitching duel is on hand at Fenway Park this evening when Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox greet Mike Mussina and the despised New York Yankees to town for another chapter in baseball's most intense rivalry.	Sports
Serena Williams, Sharapova arrive at quarterfinals Serena Williams battled before discovering her game Wednesday and reached the China Open quarterfinals with Wimbledon victor Maria Sharapova.	Sports
IBM #39;s New eServer Supports AMD Dual-Core IBM (Quote, Chart) is seeking to obtain a benefit over the rivalry with the October 15 launch of eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that supports AMD #39;s (Quote, Chart) upcoming dual-core 64-bit microprocessor.	Tech
CBS Reorganizes Entertainment Divisions Leslie Moonves, the co-president of Viacom, yesterday reorganized the administration of the company’s CBS entertainment division and Paramount television production studio, assuring smoother and greater collaboration between the two.	Business
News Corporation to Acquire 20 Presses from MAN Roland LONDON--Oct. 12, 2004-- News Corporation today declared a considerable investment in News International Limited, with the expenditure over the next four to five years of more than GBP 600million on new printing facilities.	Business
ARM consents to acquire Artisan Components for \$903 mn LONDON, August 23 (New Ratings) - ARM Holdings (ARM.ETR) has consented to purchase Artisan Components Inc (ARTI), a US-based supplier of integrated circuit designing solutions, for approximately \$913 million (503.	Business
Symantec Firewall/VPN Device 200/200R (firmware constructions prior to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rigel Kent Security  amp; Advisory Services alerted Symantec of three significant-risk vulnerabilities they discovered in the Symantec Firewall/VPN Device during an evaluation.	Tech
U.N.: Marks of Plutonium Discovered in Egypt (AP) AP - U.N. specialists have discovered marks of plutonium near an Egyptian nuclear installation and are probing whether it could be weapons-related or merely a byproduct of the nation's peaceful atomic operations, diplomats informed The Associated Press on Friday.	World
Intel advocates aid for Linux (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Intel is making a substantial effort to help personal computer producers in China and India deliver the Linux operating system on gadgets powered by the company's chips.	Tech
Game 5 marathon rated highly with viewers Monday's Game 5 of the Red Sox-Yankees series exhibited an interesting ratings pattern. The window from 5:15-8 p.m., the time allocated for the telecast, achieved a 42.2 rating and 66 audience share in Boston. Those are excellent figures for any market. The better news for Fox was that the game was only half-completed at that point.	Sports
Putin Endorses Russia for Kyoto Agreement  MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin granted his seal of endorsement for Russia's vital support of the Kyoto Protocol, paving the path for the U.N. environmental accord aimed at reducing global warming to come into effect early next year.	World
Edmonds homer lifts Cardinals to Game 7 against Astros ST. LOUIS, Missouri All of the ailments in this city, shaded a new hue of cardinal red, healed with just one touch. The triumphant pitcher was the one who had the broken hand.	Sports
Refer to it as a milestone for the pages; Google's initiative to catalog millions of volumes from premier libraries, specialists stated, is the initial significant move toward the firm's aim of indexing vast quantities of printed content, audio, and video.	Tech
Economy Expands at a 3.7 Percent Rate in 3Q The US economy expanded at a 3.7 percent yearly rate in the third quarter - a speed that was marginally better than in the spring but not as robust as many analysts anticipated.	Business
NASA Leader Is Departing Assigned to lead NASA by President Bush in December 2001, Sean O'Keefe admitted he had no expertise in astronautics. His management approach focused on practical effectiveness.	Tech
NASA Completes Revamped Shuttle Fuel Container (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has completed constructing a revamped space shuttle fuel container that was adjusted to eradicate the debris issue that condemned the shuttle Columbia and its seven astronauts, agency officials stated on Tuesday.	Tech
U.S. Cautions Schools About Terrorism Risk WASHINGTON - The Education Department has informed school leaders nationwide to observe for individuals surveilling their facilities or buses to assist in detecting any potentiality of terrorism like the deadly school siege in Russia. The alert follows an assessment by the FBI and the Homeland Security Department of the siege that claimed nearly 340 lives, many of them students, in the city of Beslan last month...	World
AOL Displays Secure Chat Rooms Protected USB tokens utilized to confirm a child's age prior to permitting him to chat.	Tech
China at G-7 Gathering for First Occasion China made its debut last night in the alliance of the world's foremost economic authorities, as global pressure mounts to alter a decade-old currency link that critics accuse of granting Chinese goods an unjust competitive advantage.	Business
Explosive kills one in southern Thailand An explosive has detonated in southern Thailand, claiming one life and wounding approximately 20, in what could be the initial response to the fatalities of 85 Muslim demonstrators earlier this week.	World
Hurricane Ivan Pummels U.S. Gulf Coast Hurricane Ivan surged into the Gulf Coast near Mobile, Alabama, early this morning with peak gusts surpassing 125 miles an hour (200 kilometers an hour).	Tech
Briton Shot Killed by Saudi Retail Center (AP) AP - A Briton who was killed outside a Saudi retail center has been recognized as an employee of the communications firm Marconi.	World
Red Sox Slugger Ortiz Named ALCS MVP (AP) AP - The largest rally in postseason baseball history commenced when David Ortiz had one of the finest days in baseball history.	Sports
Update 4: Belo to Reduce 250 Positions, Mostly in Dallas Media proprietor Belo Corp. stated Wednesday that it would eliminate 250 roles, more than half of them at its principal newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal inquiry into circulation exaggerations	Business
Indonesian envoys requested to assist enhance RI #39;s negative reputation JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyono urged Indonesian envoys on Monday to aid the administration improve Indonesia #39;s poor image.	Business
Telescope captures remote 'planet' The initial direct picture of a planet orbiting another star might have been acquired by a US-European group of astronomers.	World
Seahawks Receiver Robinson Suspended by NFL NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Koren Robinson has been suspended without payment for four games by the league for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.	Sports
Bluetooth Coalition Details Approach (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With Bluetooth short-range wireless technology discovering its way into a variety of hardware products, spanning from mobile devices to in-vehicle telematics systems, a working group advocating the specification has delineated a strategy to render it even more appealing and beneficial.	Tech
Sri Lanka lift England's morale In their initial match of the Champions' Trophy, Sri Lanka did little to indicate they have the capability to eliminate England from the tournament at the Rose Bowl on Friday.	Sports
Apple reveals ultra-slim iMac in Paris (AFP) AFP - Apple Computers introduced the latest version of its iMac model, which at two inches thick, is the globe's slimmest desktop computer, the company stated.	Tech
C #39;s commence with dang: Waste 18-point advantage in defeat to Sixers This is becoming repetitive. For the second consecutive evening, a contender from Boston was appearing strong after some exit polling, but when the final points/votes were tallied, the adversary had the plurality.	Sports
CERN to Explore Existence, the Cosmos and Everything (Reuters) Reuters - It has transformed physics, created	Tech
PeopleSoft Fights Defense The commercial software creator signs a pact with IBM, but it isn't probable to deter Oracle.	Business
Examining the NHLPA #39;s proposal for a new CBA A closer examination of the latest suggestion from the NHL Players #39; Association: Reduction: The remarkable 24 wage reduction on all current player agreements is a substantial concession.	Sports
All cheerful at which bank EFFICIENCY increases should maintain Commonwealth Bank in a pleasant position for years to come, departing chairman John Ralph asserted yesterday.	Business
Indonesian extremist sentenced to 12 years in Marriott hotel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : An Indonesian tribunal sentenced a Muslim extremist to 12 years in prison on Thursday after deeming him guilty of participation in last year #39;s JW Marriott hotel explosion in Jakarta.	World
UPDATE 3-Albertsons impacted by California walkout; shares decline Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research), the No. 2 US supermarket, on Tuesday announced a significant decrease in its quarterly earnings as intense promotions	Business
Traber rehabilitated all of last season Traber was selected in the first round and 16th overall of the 2001 draft by the New York Mets, and made his major league debut with Cleveland in 2003.	Sports
The Vast Vegetarian Illusion I've penned previously about my battle to stay a vegetarian on Tuesday - when I abstain from meat for spiritual reasons - while traveling.	Tech
British sector at peak in 10 years Production industry is experiencing its most robust performance for nearly 10 years, according to a poll by the Engineering Employers Federation.	Business
Amtrak Infrastructure On Edge, DOT Cautions The national passenger rail service risks a ""significant point of collapse"" if infrastructure requirements remain unaddressed, the U.S. Department of Transportation cautioned in a scathing report made public.	Business
No. 18 Boise St. 69, Hawaii 3 Jared Zabransky and the No. 18 Boise State Broncos diminished Timmy Chang #39;s attempt to break the NCAA Division IA passing record to a footnote Friday night, pounding Hawaii 69-3 for their 19th consecutive victory.	Sports
Prime minister states Australia confronts difficult financial year in 2005 (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister John Howard cautioned that Australia's robust dollar, elevated global oil prices and the lingering impacts of extended drought would suppress the nation's long-vibrant economy in 2005.	World
Seattle Dusk The Seattle Tempest sprinted to fiery beginnings in both the initial and latter halves and never glanced back, utilizing the drive to clinch their first WNBA world title.	Sports
California cuts legal charges in resolution of Microsoft case California attorneys who achieved a \$1.1 billion class-action agreement with Microsoft will receive less than half the legal charges they sought.	Business
Primate chant enthusiast prohibited from football for five years A soccer supporter who racially insulted Dwight Yorke, the Premier League forward, was prohibited yesterday from every soccer arena in England and Wales for five years.	Sports
NBA Game Overview - Portland at Dallas Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki netted 23 points and secured 14 rebounds to guide Dallas to a 92-83 triumph over Portland at American Airlines Arena.	Sports
At Last, Victory on the Journey for Lions The Detroit Lions went three entire seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road incompetence. They ended that disgraceful streak Sunday in their first chance of the season, defeating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...	World
Phelps Targets Fourth Golden ATHENS (Reuters) - A weary Michael Phelps concentrated on his fourth Olympic golden medal in Athens, directing his attention on Wednesday to the 200 meters personal medley and settling for the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Future Physicians, Crossing Boundaries Students at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine understand that nutrition and culture influence health in East Harlem.	World
Olympics: Emotional Zijlaard-van Moorsel protects time trial championship ATHENS: Dutch cycling icon Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel emotionally defended her Olympic time trial gold medal here.	Sports
China acknowledged Tuesday it was concerned about the apparent impasse of six-party discussions regarding North Korea's nuclear armament program and attributed the absence of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
MSN Joins Blogging Conflict with "Spaces" Microsoft's MSN has disclosed a beta edition of its new blogging functionality, MSN Spaces, which it expects will eventually be supported by advertising.	Tech
Court Overturns Nigerian Woman's Death Penalty (Reuters) Reuters - A young Nigerian mother condemned to death by stoning for having relations outside marriage was acquitted and freed by an Islamic appeals tribunal on Thursday.	World
Stocks Up After Sears Agreement, HP Profits NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equities concluded higher on Wednesday after Kmart's strategy to acquire Sears in an \$11.5 billion arrangement was announced and computer manufacturer Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; reported solid earnings.	Business
In Online Calling, Skype Is Fulfilling the Hype Skype is the simplest, quickest and least expensive method for individual clients to use their computers with broadband connections as telephones.	Tech
Qualcomm: A "Wireless Intel"? Qualcomm commenced existence in 1985 in a very unremarkable manner -- in founder Irwin Jacobs' den. The area was small and congested. The founding team comprised seven individuals, who were enthusiastic but subdued.	Tech
Concerns for T N retirement after discussions Unions representing employees at Turner Newall say they are 'dismayed' after discussions with troubled parent company Federal Mogul.	Business
Merck intends 5,100 job reductions by year-end Merck & Co. intends to eliminate its workforce by 5,100 positions by the close of the year--about 700 more than initially intended. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merck stated in documents submitted with the Securities and Exchange.	Business
ECB Considered Rate Increase But Kept Rates Unchanged The European Central Bank astonished financial markets on Thursday by disclosing it had contemplated raising interest rates even as the euro zone economy decelerates, stating it is concerned about inflationary threats.	Business
Profits for The New York Times Decline The newspaper publisher today stated that while the advertising market remains irregular it has observed enhanced trends so far in October.	Business
Complimentary Windows doesn #39;t halt Linux surge WINDOWS IS  #39;complimentary #39; in Iran, but even there is a growing trend towards Linux, according to an AFP report. Apparently, because Iran refuses to conform to international copyright regulations, pirated versions of Windows make the product complimentary and everyone utilizes it.	Tech
Intel prince Otellini becomes ruler Intel's board has granted the endorsement for the long awaited shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. Come May 18, Otellini will take charge of the chip maker and become its fifth ever CEO.	Business
Yahoo! To Supply Traffic Alerts As part of an endeavor to broaden local content, Internet portal company Yahoo! Wednesday evening commenced offering Web surfers details about present traffic situations for the largest US metropolitan areas.	Tech
Dollar Trapped, CPI Provides Little Guidance  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar fluctuated in narrow ranges on  Wednesday as the majority of investors dismissed lower-than-anticipated  U.S. inflation data and adhered to the belief the U.S. Federal  Reserve would persist in increasing rates.	Business
Europeans praise latest information from Mars The European Space Agency states data gathered by its probe, Mars Express, has supplied new proof in the quest for existence on Mars.	Tech
Agassi moves forward in Madrid, Henman ousted. Top seed Tim Henman suffered a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 loss to Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters on Thursday as Andre Agassi progressed to the quarter-finals with a 6-1, 6-3 win over Vincent Spadea.	Sports
Forecast Chilly for U.S.-Canadian Relations   TORONTO -- The climate won't be the only thing that's cold when President Bush visits neighboring Canada next week.	World
Qassam missiles struck western Negev locality Two Qassam missiles landed in the western Negev on Saturday morning, causing harm to a residence. No injuries were reported. The missile fire originated from the northern Gaza Strip.	World
FCC exempts fiber-to-the-curb from sharing obligations The Federal Communications Commission Thursday voted to permit incumbent telephone providers from sharing fiber-to-the-curb installations from rivals, prompting one incumbent to declare an expedited fiber rollout.	Business
Cosatu to convene over dispute with ANC The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) stated that it will conduct a midday press briefing on Tuesday to address the contentious public argument between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the African National Congress (ANC) national spokesperson.	World
China cautions Singapore officials against future trips to Taiwan (AFP) AFP - China has cautioned Singapore officials against visiting Taiwan again after a "personal and unofficial" journey by the city-state's new leader just weeks before he assumed office strained relations with Beijing.	World
Home Depot Appreciates Elevated Oil Climbing fuel costs, a nuisance for most of the retail industry, are assisting Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the renovation giant that reported a spike in second-quarter profits Tuesday and directed the remainder of the year upward.	Business
Fiat seeks agreement in conflict with GM Fiat and General Motors are to participate in additional discussions to resolve their disagreements over the future of the Italian company's unprofitable vehicle group, Fiat announces.	Business
Viruses: Accuse Microsoft? Last year we examined the question of Microsoft #39;s possible responsibility for software defects manipulated by viruses and other types of malware.	Tech
US Airstrikes Reportedly Slay at Least 44 in Iraq Iraqi health officials stated American airstrikes that destroyed residences late today in a village south of the turbulent city of Falluja claimed at least 44 lives and injured 27, including women and children.	World
Iraq to expand weapons amnesty success, could indicate the administration's capacity to arrange nationwide elections by the end of January. The provisional government has pledged to suppress insurgents and calm Iraq before the January vote.	World
Sharon Pursues Broader Administration to Rescue Gaza Withdrawal Strategy JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon initiated fresh endeavors Tuesday to expand his unstable coalition after a severe setback in parliament that complicated his scheme to retreat from some occupied land.	World
IBM-Led Coalition to Support Power Architecture IBM this week declared the establishment of Power.org, a cooperative community of itself and 14 partner firms with the aim of advancing hardware and software development focused.	Tech
Ryder-You can rely on Tiger, says Sutton Tiger Woods has not secured a major in two years and lost his global number one ranking but US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton says accounts of his downfall will prove greatly overstated this week.	Sports
Components pinch halts Ford facility Employees at the Ford facility in Hapeville are receiving a second unforeseen day off during the scorching days of summer. The corporation has ceased assembly-line manufacturing at the facility today due to a persistent component deficiency, a Ford representative stated.	Business
No Indication of El Nino in Pacific for Now - Researchers (Reuters) Reuters - Ocean temperatures in the southeastern Pacific exhibit no indication of producing extreme "El Nino" weather conditions in the next two months, Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) stated on Tuesday.	Tech
Aircraft plummets into Venezuelan peak, claiming 25 lives: A military aircraft plunged into a peak in Central Venezuela, claiming 25 individuals, including five youngsters, the Air Force recovery team stated in a declaration.	World
Pascual Rodriguez triumphs in 18th stage of Vuelta competition; Heras still &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodriguez sped ahead of Colombia #39;s Ivan Parra at the finish line to secure the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta cycling event Thursday.	Sports
Steelers' Staley Reduced to Uncertain (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was reduced to uncertain Friday with a sore thigh, meaning he will almost certainly miss a third consecutive match Sunday.	Sports
CFL made a mistake, Stamps still losers The outcome of the Calgary-BC match last Friday night will remain, the CFL declared yesterday. While a review of videotape from the match verified an officiating blunder resulting in a no-yards	Sports
Sprint is packed full of potential champions. It would be lovely to see this week #39's 100-meter dash as simply the finest footrace of all time. We could observe four sub-10-second dashes for the first time ever. It would be pleasant to watch with elevated eyebrows instead of knitted ones. It ...	Sports
Iran Denies Any Agreement to Cease Uranium Enrichment TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran stated on Saturday it would dismiss any suggestion to halt uranium enrichment, a measure European Union diplomats are advocating to resolve a dispute over whether Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons.	World
Philippine leader Gloria Arroyo cautioned that her nation is in the midst of a financial crisis. A report by analysts at the University of the Philippines stated the country confronts economic downfall.	Business
Labour representatives compel Iraq ballot Iraq is selected for a ballot at Labour conference but Tony Blair states he will not apologize for the conflict.	World
Credit Suisse to combine CSFB division into parent Credit Suisse Group revealed intentions to unite its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities division with the remainder of the firm’s operations and eliminate as many as 300 positions.	Business
Competitions Encourage Next Generation Of Linux Skill IBM #39;s Linux Scholar Challenge is one of a few initiatives to generate excitement among students globally in Linux and open-source software.	Tech
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Leader Sees Limit on Phishing &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A previous White House Web security\chief predicted on Wednesday that technology firms and law\enforcers could soon eliminate most Internet ""phishing"" scams\that aim to deceive individuals into providing personal and\financial details.&lt;/p&gt;	Tech
GE to Repurchase \$15 Bln in Shares, Increases Dividend (Update1) General Electric Co., the largest corporation by market worth, stated it will repurchase as much as \$15 billion in shares over three years and raised its quarterly dividend 10 percent, more than some analysts had anticipated.	Business
EMC reveals 'Storage Router' EMC has revealed long-anticipated storage virtualization technology that the company stated will enable users to oversee its arrays -- and high-end systems from major rivals -- through a single interface.	Tech
Rebel Assaults Strike Baghdad as Rumsfeld Tours Iraq A missile attack and suicide vehicle explosion killed at least four individuals in Baghdad Sunday as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld commenced an unannounced trip to Iraq to assess efforts to soothe turmoil before January elections.	World
Philippines GDP rises 6.3 on robust exports The Philippine economy continued to expand vigorously in the third quarter despite rising consumer costs, with the gross domestic product increasing by 6.3 percent from a year earlier.	Business
Sainsbury encounters profit blow J Sainsbury will confront a 550 million (\$991 million) setback to earnings this year as it invests to enhance sales and reverse diminishing market share, Britain's third-largest supermarket chain stated Tuesday.	Business
Sentenced spammer receives nine years in jail A brother and sister have been found guilty of three felony offenses of dispatching thousands of unsolicited e-mails; one of them was sentenced to nine years in confinement, the other was penalized \$7,500.	Tech
Intel Doubles Distribution, Boosts Buyback by \$11.5 Bln (Update2) Intel Corp., the world's largest computer-chip producer, doubled its quarterly distribution and boosted its stock buyback program by \$11.	Business
Large merger could confine Qwest in Qwest Communications may not be instantly influenced by a Sprint-Nextel consolidation, but its choices could become more restricted. At one point, Qwest and Sprint were regarded as potential merger associates.	Business
Hamilton Prevails Cycling Time Trial Occasion THENS, Aug. 18 Tyler Hamilton had bruises splattered all over his back, excruciating reminders of a Tour de France gone terribly awry.	Sports
New attempt to eliminate Jackson case Attorneys for Michael Jackson argue that the musician's child abuse case ought to be dismissed.	World
Dell surfs the tide to consumer devices (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Dell will embark Thursday to dominate markets controlled by Apple, Hewlett-Packard and others with products that comprise its first compact digital music player, image printer and plasma television.	Tech
San Diego financially stable, mayor states SAN DIEGO - In the aftermath of another reduction of San Diego's credit rating, Mayor Dick Murphy today assured the public that the city is financially secure.	Business
Defeat suggests well for future They overcame a bunch of weak teams -- some, just narrowly -- to become the first team in franchise history to get off to a 5-0 start. Still, we couldn’t determine just how good the Jets genuinely were.	Sports
US women evade catastrophe, progress ATHENS -- Preliminary-round disqualification would have been a catastrophe for the United States women. Eager for a triumph, the Americans evaded humiliation by finally performing like a gold medal contender -- and like a squad.	Sports
'Nano-pintr' functions on cell Researchers have conducted a delicate surgical procedure on a solitary living cell, utilizing a needle that is merely a few billionths of a meter wide.	Tech
103 apprehensions for Internet deception, connected offenses since June: US (AFP) AFP - US officials detained at least 103 individuals and lodged 117 criminal charges since June 1 in a crackdown on various types of online fraud, Attorney General John Ashcroft stated.	Tech
Bush, Kerry Acknowledge to McCain's Desires on Ads NEW YORK - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry acknowledged to the desires of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president backed the Republican senator's legal battle against large-funded special interest groups broadcasting negative advertisements and the Democratic nominee removed a spot that highlighted McCain...	World
American Express sues credit card rivals American Express is pursuing legal action against Visa and MasterCard along with eight US banks, claiming anti-competitive tactics hindered it from entering the market. The lawsuit is the latest blow for Visa and MasterCard, which last month	Business
Comcast Earnings Decline Below Projections Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research), the largest US cable provider, on Wednesday released a quarterly earnings that fell short of Wall Street projections but reported better-than	Business
Vodafone introduces 3G service Vodafone declares its third-generation products for mobile devices, providing video calls, music downloads and games.	Business
CASEY REMARKS NOT #39;INTELLIGENT #39; - VERPLANK The backlash to anti-American remarks by Ryder Cup participant Paul Casey has already commenced - and is likely only to worsen in the approaching months.	Sports
Reebok Third-Quarter Profits, Revenue Up Athletic footwear and clothing manufacturer Reebok International Ltd. (RBK) on Thursday reported better-than-anticipated quarterly profits, aided by enhanced revenue due to acquisitions and the weak dollar.	Business
Wade leads Heat over Wizards The Washington Wizards are finished with the Miami Heat for the season. That #39;s the good news. Dwyane Wade had 29 points and nine assists Wednesday to steer the Heat to a 98-93 triumph for their	Sports
Can't Conceal Your Deceitful ... Visage? In pursuit of the ultimate falsehood detector, scientists turn to thermal facial scans, brain wiring and eyeball tracking. But deception still, well, misleads. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
Apple officially debuts iTunes Music Store in Canada Apple Computer on Thursday officially unveiled its iTunes Music Store in Canada, providing Canadian music enthusiasts the same functionalities and cost of \$.99 CDN per track that have propelled iTunes to the top online music service in the globe.	Tech
Travelzoo Stocks Climb as Offering Speculation Eases (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of online travel site Travelzoo Inc. increased nearly 4 percent on Wednesday as market speculation of a secondary stock issuance diminished.	Tech
New Guidelines for Replay of Colts and Patriots Indianapolis' defeat to New England in the A.F.C. title game in January will have an influence on officiating as the N.F.L. commences the 2004 season Thursday evening.	Sports
Senate Committee Provides NASA Additional Funds (AP) AP - NASA would receive $16.4 billion next year under a bill a Senate committee endorsed Tuesday, overturning a resolution by House legislators to reduce the space agency's budget beneath this year's amounts.	World
N.Korea Hurls Insults at Bush, Calls Him Human Garbage SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea hurled vitriol at President Bush for a second day on Tuesday, calling him a political fool and human garbage, and stated six-party discussions on Pyongyang's nuclear aspirations seemed doomed.	World
Microsoft aiming for a LARGE CHUNK of Apple In case you have not heard, Microsoft just raised the stakes in the digital music competition when it introduced its Windows Media Player 10 and its beta online music shop this month.	Tech
EBay Enlarges PayPal Purchaser Safeguard Up to \$1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc. #39;s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) online payment service, will broaden its US buyer protection initiative to encompass up to \$1,000 for eligible transactions, the corporation stated on Thursday.	Tech
UN, concluding mission, states some human rights enhancement Sudan's Darfur area (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Security has improved within camps in Sudan's violence-stricken Darfur area, but displaced villagers still confront assaults and mistreatment when leaving the camps, a United Nations group stated Saturday, completing a mission that could decide whether Sudan is subjected to international penalties.	World
WRAPUP 1-Negligent Chelsea and Arsenal let triumphs slip League leaders Chelsea permitted Bolton Wanderers to rebound from two goals down to compel a 2-2 stalemate at Stamford Bridge in one of two significant shocks in the Premier League on Saturday.	Sports
Russia consents to Dalai Lama trip despite some ire from China (AFP) AFP - Russia will permit Tibet's exiled spiritual figure, the Dalai Lama, to visit a southern Buddhist Russian area for the first time, the foreign ministry stated in a move likely to irritate China.	World
Sidebar: Microsoft Joins Data Preservation Field SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft #39;s announcement of a disk-to-disk backup software designed to combine data backups on Windows servers positions the company to rival storage management behemoths such as Veritas	Tech
Martian Climate Accused for Loss of Beagle 2 Description: An inquiry into the loss of Britain's Beagle 2 spacecraft last December implies the reason may have been atypical Martian weather.	Tech
EA Secures Five-Year Exclusive NFL Agreement Electronic Arts declared an exclusive licensing partnership with the National Football League and PLAYERS INC to create, publish, and disseminate interactive football games.	Sports
Investment pessimism increases NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Asset managers are becoming more discouraged about the economy, corporate earnings, and US equity market returns, according to a monthly poll by Merrill Lynch published Tuesday.	Business
French Corporations Sagem, Snecma Intend Amalgamation PARIS (Reuters) - French enterprises Snecma and Sagem announced a proposed 7 billion euro (\$8.9 billion) amalgamation on Friday, in a arrangement that analysts said was motivated by political rather than stakeholder interests.	Business
Obama Balances Fame, Local Concerns (AP) AP - In the days following his election to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has conversed by phone with President Bush, had his image in People magazine and appeared several times on national television.	World
Next Major Success at the Contemporary: Its Reopening The excitement over the significantly expanded museum is anticipated to transform into a clamor on Saturday.	World
Cayman Islands struck by hurricane The complete force of Hurricane Ivan has struck the Cayman Islands, tearing up houses and causing widespread flooding. Up to 40,000 inhabitants - including a large British expatriate community - sheltered in homes and shelters to try and evade Ivan's fierce 155mph winds.	World
Cybercriminals, impersonators and harmful software--oh my! IE exploit code could augment danger of browser mistakes. Microsoft asserts cooperation leads to better protections.	Tech
Bulldogs astound K-State MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Paul Pinegar threw two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and sprinted for another score, and Fresno State shocked No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, yesterday.	Sports
Job figures provide candidates space to argue WASHINGTON - Employers increased hiring in August, growing payrolls by 144,000 and reducing the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Experienced defender signs with Newcastle; Dyer sidelined with injury Newcastle, England (Sports Network) - Central back Ronny Johnsen inked an agreement with Newcastle United until the forthcoming transfer window in January.	Sports
Hard-charging Dillon #39;s distinction in making champs even tougher It wasn #39;t just to revive one of the league #39;s worst rushing offenses. It was to make Dillon and that awful rushing assault allies when the climate and/or the adversary required it -- which they did Sunday	Sports
With Ban Approaching, Hamilton Loses Seat Tyler Hamilton, who secured an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, was dismissed last Thursday by Phonak, his Swiss cycling squad, two months after testing positive for unlawful blood transfusions.	Sports
Japan to Object to China Over Invader Submarine  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will object to China after determining that a nuclear-powered submarine that trespassed into its waters this week belonged to the Chinese navy, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday.	World
Eurostocks Edge Up on Ericsson PARIS (Reuters) - European equities edged up on Wednesday as Ericsson rose on news it had secured part of \$4-billion Cingular agreement and with Glaxo lifted after Pfizer confirmed its forecast.	Business
Quake 'redesigns the map' The destructive quake that hit the Indian Ocean likely resulted in some islands shifting by several meters.	Tech
#39;Hawks prepared to ultimately surpass Rams Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a glance at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other contests.	Sports
Aircraft accident claims 10 near racing MARTINSVILLE, Va. -- A Hendrick Motorsports aircraft crashed yesterday on its journey to a NASCAR event, taking the lives of all 10 individuals aboard, including the son, sibling, and two nieces of the proprietor of one of auto racing's most prosperous organizations.	Sports
5 deceased in Dubai airport incident DUBAI - A steel grid wall fell on laborers constructing a multi-billion-dollar expansion to Dubai's international airport yesterday, resulting in five fatalities and 12 wounded, officials stated.	World
Cunning Credit Card Strategies Watch your credit card providers -- they might be about to increase your rates.	Business
Microsoft showcases "Whitehorse" developer instruments Microsoft launched on Tuesday a preview edition of novel tools designed to simplify the process for businesses to develop custom Web applications.	Tech
Loeb seeks domestic comforts SEBASTIEN LOEB is envisioning a title- clinching homecoming after advancing a step nearer to the global championship in the Italian Rally.	Sports
Premier League accuses Villa manager with unlawful solicitation for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Premier League has accused Aston Villa manager David O'Leary of making an unlawful solicitation for Southampton forward James Beattie.	Sports
Toyota: Some security companies promise too much If ""it sounds like you are being presented a cure-all, then it's time to alter the discussion,"" says an executive for the firm.	Tech
MARTS FAINT ON ASCENDING OIL Stock values were battered by a noxious combination of still-increasing oil costs and unease surrounding Eliot Spitzer's investigation of the insurance sector.	Business
Bush Signs Internet Access Duty Prohibition State and local authorities will be prohibited from taxing connections that link individuals to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.	Tech
Mumbai prepared for conflict The conflict lines are sketched on the third of the fourth and ultimate test in Mumbai. After a wretched batting display, India rallied back thanks to their bowlers to limit Australia’s initial innings advantage to 99 runs.	Sports
Sheffield day to day with twisted left ankle New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield missed Sunday #39;s against the Toronto Blue Jays with a twisted left ankle. Sheffield is noted as day to day.	Sports
India, Russia must cooperate to progress new technology: Putin Mr Vladimir V. Putin, President of the Russian Federation, Mr NR Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman, Infosys, and Mr Nandan Nilekani, CEO and Managing Director, at the Infosys campus in Bangalore on Sunday.	World
Europe to dispatch more soldiers to Iraq US urges European countries to enhance NATO operations in Iraq and Afghanistan have been a triumph, with the alliance declaring a minor enlargement of its nascent military training center in Baghdad.	World
France, Ivory Coast relations deteriorate Nine French soldiers were killed during an aerial assault by Ivorian bombers more than a week ago. France retaliated by obliterating most of the Ivorian air fleet.	World
Locusts Ruin Mauritania Harvests, Others Evade (Reuters) Reuters - Crop-devouring locusts have inflicted significant harm to grains in Mauritania but other West and Central African nations have endured far less than anticipated from the worst invasion in over ten years, the U.N. stated on Thursday.	Tech
U.N.: Robot Utilization to Soar Sevenfold by 2007 The utilization of robots around the residence to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull security duty and perform other tasks is set to soar sevenfold by 2007, says a new U.N. survey, which attributes falling prices for the robot surge.	Tech
Swedes Denounce Gov't Reaction to Tsunami (AP) AP - Hours after a tsunami devastated south Asia coastlines - a draw for thousands of holidaying Swedes - the Swedish foreign minister visited the venue.	World
Nigerian armed forces eradicate 24 Islamist militants near Cameroon border (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian armed forces eradicated 24 Islamist militants who had sought sanctuary in the hilly northeastern region adjacent to Cameroon, the spokesperson for the northeastern state of Borno mentioned.	World
Hughes permitted to converse with Rovers The Football Association of Wales have granted national chief Mark Hughes authorization to discuss with Blackburn regarding their vacant managerial position.	Sports
Optimal Software overhauls Act Optimal Software revealed this week a makeover of its Act contact management application, adding to the product lineup a secondary edition with increased scalability and improved functionality.	Tech
Infocus: Implementing Network Access Isolation Control, Part 2 This article examines Network Access Isolation Control in Windows Server 2003, which enables administrators to isolate mobile users and validate their security status before granting them complete access to the network. Part 2 of 2.	Tech
Jaguars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byron Leftwich was impeccable on a 30-yard drive in the final four minutes, and rookie kicker Josh Scobee made a season-long 53-yard field goal to assist the Jacksonville Jaguars achieve a 27-to-24 victory over Indianapolis.	Sports
Sims 2 engages with life enthusiasts The Sims 2 incorporates DNA into the blend and far more lifelike 3D visuals, which provides the game an uncanny sensation of reality.	Tech
Hubble Observes Unusual Triple Jupiter Eclipse Nov. 4, 2004 - A rare alignment of Jupiter's three largest moons across the planet's surface was recorded on film by the Hubble Space Telescope.	Tech
Oram avoids Cairns parallels Brisbane - New Zealand batting champion Jacob Oram avoided parallels with one of his nation's great all-rounders Chris Cairns after he battered the Kiwis into contention against Australia here on Friday.	Sports
IBM #39;s Premium Power5 Servers Match HP IBM on Friday launched high-end servers in its pSeries and iSeries ranges that incorporate virtualization attributes and raw strength that some specialists say place the products on equal footing with offerings from competing Hewlett-Packard Co.	Tech
Getting with the initiative Microsoft, the giant Redmond, Wash., software corporation lurking over the computing realm, Nov. 11 unveiled a "beta," or trial, version of its online inquiry service.	Tech
Gunmen attack Chalabi's procession, injure 2 BAGHDAD - Gunmen attacked the procession of former Iraqi governing council leader Ahmed Chalabi on Wednesday, injuring two of his security personnel, aides reported.	World
Chile's Lagos Acquires Torture Committee Report &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling document on Wednesday from a governmental commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle for the first time the systematic use of torment during Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.&lt;/p>	World
Adams steps down as Leicester head LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has stepped down as manager of English Championship squad Leicester City, the club announced yesterday. Adams' exit was approved at an emergency meeting of the board of directors at the	Sports
Australian PM proclaims ballot on Oct. 9 Australian Prime Minister John Howard on Sunday announced that the forthcoming federal election will be held on October 9. He told a press conference here that voters will decide.	World
Return of Relics to Revitalize Catholic-Orthodox Dialogue VATICAN CITY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org).- Theological conversation between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches is expected to resume after the remains of Sts.	World
Halting junk at the origin New antispam technology benchmarks are forthcoming that promise to strike spammers where it pains the most--their finances. At stake is the capability to validate the original source of e-mail communications, a significant	Tech
Thatcher case twist as list of supposed coup backers disappears THE Thatcher saga took a dramatic turn last night when it emerged a vital witness in the police investigation has disappeared, taking with him a roster of wealthy individuals who allegedly funded an purported coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.	World
Thrashers Proprietor Penalized The NHL penalized one of the proprietors of the Thrashers \$250,000 on Tuesday for stating the league would utilize replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining accord isn't achieved.	Sports
Investigating Earth's Primitive Broth How did the initial amino acids create the first peptides? It is the significant question that may indicate the route towards comprehending the primordial broth. Scholars now propose that the adhesive for connecting together construction blocks may have been volcanic vapors -- or carbonyl sulfide.	Tech
HP agrees to market high-speed networking start-up Hewlett-Packard has struck a deal to distribute network adapters from start-up S2io that the firms claim can transfer information 10 times quicker than today's prevalent standard.	Tech
Pension bookkeeping In finance, a procedure that necessitates a company to evaluate the anticipated future worth of a company’s pension resources and the predicted expense of meeting pension and health care commitments to present and retired employees.	Business
New York Times Co. Lowers 2004 Profit Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. on Monday anticipated third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street's average projections on weak revenue so far in September, sending its shares to two-year lows.	Business
Senators Seek Boeing Agreement Probed Leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee requested the Defense Department on Friday to have its inspector general's office examine the Air Force's attempt to	Business
Technical Glitch Delays Russia Space Laboratory Launch (Reuters) Reuters - The liftoff of a Russian missile planned to take off to the International Space Hub next month has been delayed due to issues with the mooring system, Russia's space agency stated on Wednesday.	Tech
Kashmir dissident chief apprehended Kashmir dissident leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is barred from instructing a demonstration against alleged assaults by an Indian army officer.	World
Australia: Purses surpass conflict A majority of Australians are against the Iraq conflict, but they turned out to be more worried about the economy.	World
Despite Disputes, Boeing Still Captivates Wall Street Boeing's earnings continue to increase, even as its standing declines, thanks in part to the unification of the defense industry, which has left the Pentagon with restricted choices for obtaining armaments, industry analysts stated.	Business
Merck's Board Adopts Termination Plan for Senior Officials (Update5) Merck & Co., aiming to prevent managers from departing after the withdrawal of its Vioxx analgesic, adopted a scheme to provide severance compensation to more than 200 executives should authority of the company change.	Business
Jimenez concludes Langer's challenge at the 35th Miguel Angel Jimenez finished the strong challenge of his Ryder Cup captain, Bernhard Langer, on the 35th hole Saturday to secure a semifinal position in the World Match Play Championship.	Sports
Nortel financial disclosures could be deferred into 2005 Less than a week after it initiated a media campaign to enhance its reputation, Nortel Networks Ltd. delayed yet again the publication of its financial statements, highlighting the company #39;s difficulties to navigate out of the	Business
Eritreans expelled by Libya seize a plane KHARTOUM, Sudan -- Armed with blades, Eritrean deportees commandeered a plane that departed Libya carrying about 80 fellow Eritreans and compelled it to land yesterday in the Sudanese capital before yielding to security forces, officials stated.	World
NTL to divest broadcasting division Britain's largest cable corporation, NTL, consented yesterday to sell its radio and television broadcasting enterprise for 1.27bn to a group led by a fund administered by Australia's Macquarie Bank.	Business
Iraq's Neighbors to Acquire Little for Environmental Damage (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's neighbors request tens of billions of dollars for ecological devastation caused in the 1990-1 Gulf conflict, but are set to receive only scant funds from the United.	Tech
Dillon Enjoys Frosting Triumph Of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon amassed against the Jets on Sunday, it was the concluding 12 that might have been the most significant.	Sports
Cambodia's monarch desires to relinquish Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has declared he is too unwell to persist and has affirmed he intends to abdicate. Prince Ranariddh, the king's offspring has journeyed to Beijing, where	World
U.S. Intermediaries Truce in Western Afghanistan  KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has negotiated a truce between a rogue Afghan militia commander and the besieged governor of the western province of Herat, Washington's representative to Kabul said Tuesday.	World
Russian Duma to initiate new school slaughter inquiry Russia will commence a second parliamentary investigation into the Beslan school hostage tragedy, Duma speaker Boris Gryzlov announced on Thursday, marking a further concession by authorities who initially dismissed a probe.	World
Cabrera Guides Red Sox Over Blue Jays 5-4 (AP) AP - Orlando Cabrera smashed a run-producing double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second throw of the game, granting the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 victory against the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.	Sports
Typhoon Tokage Takes 25 Lives; 43 Unaccounted For, NHK TV Reports Twenty-five individuals were confirmed deceased and 43 unaccounted for as of 5 am after typhoon Tokage traversed through Japan, NHK television stated on its Web page.	World
United Pursues Additional Labor Reductions United Airlines is aiming to secure another \$725 million in labor concessions and abolish employees' conventional pensions as it pursues the funding to emerge from bankruptcy.	Business
Generals May Suffer a Punishment for Iraq Misconduct WASHINGTON - The Abu Ghraib detainee mistreatment scandal could effectively conclude the careers of four Army generals who are linked indirectly to the misconduct but face no criminal charges. The four are highlighted for varying degrees of disapproval - mixed with instances of commendation - in two extensive investigative reports released last week...	World
Kansas Receives Opportunity For Retribution Against Nevada The Jayhawks were &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second-ranked Jayhawks can atone themselves for one of their most irritating defeats last season Monday when they greet the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse.	Sports
Austrian Panel Approves Siemens Acquisition Offer Austrian authorities have authorized Siemens AG's proposal to acquire engineering rival VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio reported Friday.	Business
Will Your Next Mobile Device Have a Hard Disk? Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Intel are promoting the advancement of an interface technology that they hope will facilitate the acceptance of compact hard disks into mobile phones, PDAs, and digital music players, the firms say.	Tech
S amp;P 500 Ascends for 4th Day; Material, Energy Stocks Steer Upturn The Standard amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index ascended for a fourth day as investors overlooked a discouraging third-quarter economic growth report to better-than-anticipated readings on Chicago-area business and consumer assurance.	Business
Sony to provide DVD writer for Mac Sony on Tuesday unveiled intentions to launch a new dual-format DVD writer that is compatible with Macintosh computers. The external double-layer DVD device, named the DRX-710UL-T, is intended to record up to	Tech
Microsoft Fixes for ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 Microsoft has issued bulletin MS04-039 detailing a security flaw in Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and in Proxy Server 2.0, and has also declared the availability of the updates to address these concerns.	Tech
Detainees viewed as minimal risk WASHINGTON -- Most of the purported Al Qaeda and Taliban prisoners at the US military facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be released or sent to their native countries for further scrutiny because many pose little danger and are not supplying much valuable information, the facility's deputy leader has stated.	World
Taiwan Rescuers Uncover 7 Corpses Buried in Landslide TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan rescue personnel unearthed seven bodies from mud and stones in a mountain community that was struck by a catastrophic landslide induced by Typhoon Aere, but eight still remained concealed, officials stated on Friday.	World
A Superior Answer for Israel The frantic tone of Daniel Seidemann's appeal to the next US administration to rescue Israel from itself serves no beneficial purpose op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
Sony, Matsushita, Sharp to launch Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO (AFX) - Firms that are supporting one of the next-generation optical DVD formats, the Blu-ray Disc, plan to release camcorders that record on smaller variations of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported, without citing sources.	Tech
Hornets' Davis Out with Back Injury (Reuters) Reuters - New Orleans Hornets guard Baron Davis is anticipated to be unavailable one-to-two weeks due to a lower back ailment.	Sports
Unctad hopeful on worldwide FDI inflows The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) on Wednesday stated that although global inflows of FDI declined in 2003 for the third consecutive year to \$560 billion, outlooks for the current year are encouraging.	Business
Report: Lehman to receive Ryder Cup position Tom Lehman will have the opportunity to succeed where Hal Sutton faltered when he is announced as the 2006 United States Ryder Cup leader, according to golfdigest.	Sports
Before-the-Bell: GenCorp Falls 5.6 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of GenCorp Inc. decreased 5.6 percent before the opening bell on Monday after investment fund Steel Partners withdrew its suggestion to acquire the aerospace and real estate company.	Tech
Grand Central enhances integration service Company improves online service for transmitting business information between firms.	Tech
Flu Vaccine Scarcity Highlights U.S. Dilemma WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Worried health officials commenced examining on Friday what went awry at a British vaccine facility where half the U.S. flu vaccines were produced, and urged more companies to enter the vaccine industry.	Business
Owen begins as Real lose Michael Owen acknowledged Real Madrid are still searching for the correct equilibrium after they fell 1-0 at Espanyol in a heated match on Saturday.	Sports
Iraq's Sadr Commands Fighters to Surrender Arms NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgent Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Friday instructed his men inside Najaf's Imam Ali shrine to put down their arms and join thousands of Shi'ite worshippers outside the mosque.	World
Individual Ignites Himself Near White House (AP) AP - A person set himself ablaze Monday just outside a White House entrance and repeatedly shouted ""Allah Allah"" as a Secret Service officer restrained him facedown on the pavement.	World
Court Won't Prevent Arch Coal's Triton Offer (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. appellate court ruled on Friday that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) may proceed with its proposal to acquire the assets of rival Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an urgent request by the Federal Trade Commission to obstruct the deal, a spokesman for the agency stated.	Business
US Airways, Pilots Union Close to Accord US Airways is pursuing \$800 million in concessions from employee unions as it endeavors to evade filing Chapter 11. The Air Line Pilots Association will showcase its proposal on the evening of	Business
Commission supports 5bn British Power agreement British Power, the nuclear producer, yesterday welcomed a decision by the European commission to endorse a government-backed 5bn recovery scheme.	Business
American Airlines Increases Fare Prices FORT WORTH, Texas -- The elevated expense of jet fuel is leading American Airlines to elevate its domestic fare prices. It is going to impose an additional \$5 for one-way journeys, and \$10 per round trip.	Business
Magnificent Manning Establishes Another Record  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts signal-caller Peyton Manning tossed two touchdown passes in the opening quarter of Sunday's matchup against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium to set an NFL benchmark for most successive games with multiple TD throws.	Sports
Did Apple Propose Sony an ITunes Agreement? Update: A collaboration may be essential for enduring success, one industry insider states.	Tech
Goldcorp Announces It Will Evaluate Glamis Offer Gold producer Goldcorp Inc. on Friday declared its board is ready to review and assess a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would interrupt its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
Broadcom enlists ex-Philips leader as CEO Scott McGregor, former head of Royal Philips Electronics' chip division, will succeed Alan Ross, who intends to retire.	Tech
APPLE #39;S LATEST CREASE: THE PERSONALIZED, U2 IPOD Apple Computer and the rock group U2 have signed a contract to sell personalized iPods, The Post has discovered. The declaration will be made at a flashy event Oct.	Tech
Vessel strikes Japan seawall At least six crew members are deceased and one is absent after a South Korean freight ship strikes a seawall in Japan.	World
Fatality Count 69 in Japan Cyclone, 19 Still Disappeared TOKYO (Reuters) - As the fatality count increased from Japan's most lethal cyclone in two decades, specialists cautioned on Friday that climate alteration could lead to a stormier future.	World
Crowton Resigns As BYU Football Coach BYU coach Gary Crowton strolls off the field after BYU's 28-27 defeat to Boise State, in Boise, Idaho, in this Sept. 24, 2004 image.	Sports
Alamosa Proposes to Acquire AirGate (Reuters) Reuters - Alamosa Holdings Inc. said on Monday it made an unrequested offer for AirGate PCS Inc. worth about £36;380 million, which would form one of the largest vendors of wireless telephone service under the Sprint brand.	Tech
US Careful On Advancement Toward Enriching Uranium The United States is reacting cautiously to Iran's declaration that it has made a significant stride toward enriching uranium, a crucial component in nuclear arms.	World
Fed Raises Interest Rate A 4th Time, To 2 Percent The Federal Reserve signaled that it would continue in elevating interest rates slowly throughout a large part of next year.	Business
Carolina's Davis Finished for the Season  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers rushing back Stephen Davis will miss the rest of the season after being placed on injured reserve Saturday.	Sports
US equities: Market declines as insurers' troubles counterbalance IBM NEW YORK - US equities dropped on Tuesday as health insurers' stocks tumbled on concerns that the New York attorney general's investigation will impact the entire sector.	Business
Passenger Income Increase for Air France-KLM Air France-KLM on Monday reported a 61 percent increase in revenue in the group’s fiscal second quarter, enhanced by the union between the French and Dutch carriers and a robust rise in traveler and cargo income.	Business
Drink-drive swimmer 'very remorseful' AN regretful Michael Phelps today said he made a hazardous blunder when he was apprehended for drink-driving last week. The Olympic swimming champion was detained and charged with drink driving after a trooper.	Sports
Hamm should assist Yang Paul Hamm requires a fresh promotional strategy. Either that, or he needs a hint. One innocuous gesture divides him from idolization in America and sanctification in South Korea, and	Sports
Agent: Coercion Scheme Aimed Sheffield (AP) AP - New York Yankees hitter Gary Sheffield and his spouse were the targets of a blackmailer who asserted to have humiliating sexual videotapes of her and a musician, Sheffield's business representative stated Tuesday.	Sports
A triumph worth a Calypso or two London, September 26: Just the manner Brazil is synonymous with soccer and Tom with Jerry, West Indies cricket has perpetually been synonymous with rapid bowlers, with batsmen who possessed more panache than wood in their bats; and with calypso.	Sports
Music industry organization sues 750 for file swapping Los Angeles, October 29: A trade association representing the US music sector stated on Thursday it has filed litigations against 750 individuals it asserts utilized online file-sharing networks to unlawfully exchange copyrighted tracks.	Tech
Mashburn #39;s campaign obstructed by knee ailment; may quit Barely more than a year removed from his finest season, Jamal Mashburn is probably finished playing in the NBA. Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets declared Monday, a week before the commencement.	Sports
Pillar Out for Months After Arm Operation (AP) AP - Titans guard Zach Pillar might miss the remainder of the season after undergoing surgery to fix his torn left biceps.	Sports
Apple Recalls Blazing 15-inch PowerBook G4 Cell The impacted cells could overheat, presenting a fire risk. Apple received four accounts of these cells overheating. No injuries have been noted.	Tech
German retailer dismisses union proposal Struggling German department store operator, KarstadtQuelle, has declined unions' compromises over wages deemed essential to a successful reorganization of the company.	Business
SEC may conclude Qwest agreement today The Securities and Exchange Commission is anticipated to declare today a settlement with Qwest that is extremely critical of "upper management," two sources acquainted with the case said.	Business
US concludes Jamaica's Cup aspirations Eddie Johnson netted his fifth goal in three matches Wednesday and the US national soccer squad eliminated Jamaica from 2006 World Cup consideration with a 1-1 draw at Columbus, Ohio.	Sports
Ten Aspirants in Palestinian Elections (AP) AP - Ten contenders have qualified to compete in the Palestinian presidential elections, scheduled for Jan. 9. They are:	World
Self-sustaining lethal automaton emits a putrid stench. It may consume flies and reek to high heaven, but if this automaton functions, it will be a significant advancement towards creating automatons entirely self-governing.	Tech
Chirac delays retirement President Jacques Chirac celebrated his 72nd birthday yesterday engaged in a battle to uphold his significance in the face of an intraparty challenge and ongoing tension with the world’s sole superpower.	World
Update 4: Court Rejects Lawsuit From Hollinger Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. faced a setback Friday in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and numerous associates when a federal judge considerably diminished its effort to	Business
Warren Is Advised Not to Get Close The NFL cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive lineman Gerard Warren not to incur a personal foul penalty against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger during tomorrow's game.	Sports
Individual apprehended for wounding adolescents Beijing - Chinese authorities have arrested a man who they claim killed eight adolescents and harmed four others in a school dormitory overnight, state media reported late on Friday.	World
China Shuts 1,600 Internet Lounges in Crackdown China closed 1,600 Internet lounges between February and August and imposed \$12.1 million worth of penalties for permitting minors to play aggressive or adult-only games and other infractions, state media reported.	Tech
Cali Cartel Leader Sent to U.S. on Narcotics Accusations BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - The previous chief of the Cali drug cartel, who once dominated most of the globe's cocaine trade, was dispatched to the United States on Friday to confront trafficking and money washing allegations.	World
US conquers Germany 2-1 in OT, to face Brazil in women #39;s soccer finale Heather O #39;Reilly, moments after missing a wide open goal, scored in the ninth minute of extra time Monday to provide the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany and a position in Thursday #39;s gold-medal match.	Sports
Office Depot Sees Earnings Below Expectations NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. office supply retailer, on Tuesday projected third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street forecasts due to interruptions from recent hurricanes.	Business
Jabil Circuit Announces Increased Earnings SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a higher quarterly profit on stronger demand for computers, mobile devices and other electronic products.	Business
Astronomers discover evidence of Einstein's theory Einstein was correct: Researchers state satellites tugged slightly off their paths demonstrate that the earth is indeed distorting the fabric of space-time as it spins.	Tech
Sharapova Exits From Advanta Tournament (AP) AP - Maria Sharapova exited from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships on Saturday with a strained right shoulder.	Sports
Kendall Provides Jets' Offensive Line a Lift (AP) AP - Ask Curtis Martin to choose one of the most significant additions to the New York Jets this season, and he has a swift response: left guard Pete Kendall.	Sports
Auburn's Obomanu Remembers 'The Drop' (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu used to be inquisitive about the goats of the sports realm, the guys who had the game in their grasp and faltered. ""Wow, I ponder how that guy feels,"" he'd query himself. He doesn't have to inquire anymore. Not since ""The Drop,"" his own moment of notoriety when a chance to defeat Mississippi last season slipped through his grasp in the end zone, transforming his dream game into a nightmare.	Sports
United States 66, Russia 62 Exasperated by fouls, mistakes and a spirited opponent, the United States urgently sought assistance. Then along came Sheryl Swoopes to correct things.	Sports
Microsoft Reveals Software to Locate Documents (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. on Monday entered the contest for dominance in so-called desktop search, launching software for swiftly finding files on personal computers that contests Google's two-month-old competing product.	Tech
No. 9 Ohio State Survives Marshall on Last-Second FG COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Mike Nugent #39;s 55-yard field goal as time expired lifted the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes to a thrilling 24-21 triumph over the stubborn Marshall Thundering Herd in the first-ever meeting between the teams.	Sports
Blast Objectives Baghdad Barrier Close to Allawi HQ (Reuters) Reuters - A vehicle bomb that detonated near the headquarters of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's faction in western Baghdad on Monday aimed at a police checkpoint at the entrance to the road leading to the structure, witnesses reported.	World
Armed Athens Bus Abductors Release Five Hostages (Update2) Abductors who took as many as 26 individuals hostage on a commuter bus on the outskirts of Athens liberated five of the detainees. Police are in negotiations to free the remaining captives, a spokeswoman stated.	World
Emotional salvation for Jones Jacque Jones dashed all the way around the bases, as if he couldn't wait to convey the moment.	Sports
Sharapova Glides Into Korea Open Quarters  SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon victor Maria Sharapova  eliminated Japan's Miho Saeki 6-3, 6-1, on Thursday to glide  into the quarter-finals of the Hansol Korea Open.	Sports
Leinart, Bush, White and Peterson steer final 5 Four competitors whose teams are fated for the Orange Bowl dominate the Heisman Trophy finalist list, which was disclosed Wednesday evening on SportsCenter.	Sports
Safin Secures Third Paris Masters PARIS (Reuters) - Marat Safin claimed the Paris Masters for a record-matching third occasion when he defeated Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek 6-3 7-6 6-3 on Sunday.	Sports
Headshake to the SETI Headfake Did the renowned screensaver, SETIhome, reveal the first significant proof for an extraterrestrial signal? The SETI Institute's Seth Shostak examines how inflation can distort the latest addition to a catalog of celestial rivals.	Tech
Allianz to contest US court verdict on WTC assaults MUNICH - German insurance company Allianz stated on Tuesday it would challenge a US jury determination in New York which doubled the amount of coverage which the leaseholder of the wrecked World Trade Center towers could gather from nine insurance firms.	Business
AOL Incorporates McAfee to Package (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is adding a layer of protection to its popular Internet service with the bundling of virus defense software from McAfee at no cost to customers. AOL (NYSE: AOL) asserts it is the first ISP to provide premium antivirus coverage in the fundamental membership package.	Tech
Soccer: Matuzalem pair of strikes concludes Celtic's Champions League hopes DONETSK, Ukraine: Brazilian midfielder Matuzalem defied the icy temperatures to score a couple for Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday in a 3-0 triumph which practically ended Celtic's Champions League dreams this season.	Sports
Co-stars almost thieve show IT was a match that didn #39;t follow the script but this is the territory where life frequently mimics the silver screen. And for 64 minutes yesterday the USA Tomahawks were pure Hollywood	Sports
National Commerce Summaries ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Google Inc. secured a significant legal triumph yesterday when a federal magistrate decided that its marketing policy does not infringe federal trademark regulations.	Business
Mich. Rep. to Lead Intelligence Panel (AP) AP - Republican Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan was selected Wednesday to lead the House Intelligence Committee amid a heated election-year discussion over how to execute a significant reform of the nation's intelligence system.	World
Fixed-to-mobile replacement gaining speed There is a powerful trend for consumers to shift away from utilizing fixed-line telephones in conjunction with mobiles to use mobile devices for all or most of their voice conversations, according to a research conducted for Finnish mobile device manufacturer Nokia by UK market.	Tech
South Seas Isles Pin Future on Geotourism The Cook Islands attract more visitors per capita than any other South Pacific locale. Now officials are overhauling their travel strategy to emphasize conservation.	Tech
OPEC Viewed Cautious on Rise in Oil Quotas  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC might oppose appeals to elevate oil output limits significantly, if at all, when it convenes this week for apprehension of transforming a decrease from record prices into a collapse.	Business
Vodafone eager on future growth Vodafone stated today it continued eager on acquisitions in France, eastern Europe and Asia and Africa as it outlined yearly expense reductions anticipated to achieve 2.	Business
'Heal' a 4-Letter Term for Cancer Physicians At a moment when more individuals are healed of cancer than ever before, fewer physicians seem willing to assert so. They refer to the cancer undetectable, or in remission. They inform patients they can cease seeing cancer specialists. They cite statistics and state odds are slim that the illness will return.	Tech
Girls 'witness' French scarf prohibition Only approximately 100 French Muslim girls are defying the new prohibition on headscarves at school, the education minister states.	World
Spurrier anticipated to substitute Holtz Lou Holtz desired his South Carolina athletes to concentrate on their match against Clemson. They abruptly have a lot more on their thoughts. Holtz will resign as coach at South Carolina.	Sports
Giant harmful algae bloom spotted off Washington state coastline SEATTLE - A poisonous algae bloom 30 miles broad has been identified 15 miles off the northwest coastline of Washington state, the largest and most potentially deadly yet discovered by researchers in the area.	Tech
American Crocker Establishes Brief Course Global Record INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Ian Crocker of the United States set a brief course world benchmark of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly at the world championships on Sunday.	Sports
Vote 2004 - a manual to the primary Prepare for the primary with the Herald-Tribunes special news section featuring all the federal, state and municipal candidates in contests in Tuesdays election.	World
Jerkens makes right choice with Society Selection Trainer Allen Jerkens vacillated and paused this past week over entering Society Selection in Saturday's Grade 1 Alabama at Saratoga.	Sports
Chinese President Encounters Castro (AP) AP - Chinese President Hu Jintao engaged with Fidel Castro Monday for discussions concentrating on the expanding connections between Cuba and China, which has become the island's third-largest trade associate.	World
Vietnam Commemorates Independence with Pardons for Inmates HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has freed nearly 9,000 detainees, including 10 convicts whose cases it claims had attracted global attention, as part of customary clemency granted ahead of independence festivities on September 2.	World
Militant Adversaries Display Solidarity Behind Arafat (AP) AP - The militant Palestinian organization Hamas stated Friday it was putting aside its disagreements with ailing Palestinian chief Yasser Arafat and urged for a unified Palestinian leadership to strive toward general elections.	World
Open Letter Against British Copyright Indoctrination in Schools The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) recently initiated a "Music Manifesto" campaign, with the apparent intention of instructing the next generation of British musicians. Unfortunately, they also collaborated with the music industry (EMI, and various artists) to make this popular. EMI has evidently negotiated their end well, so that children in our schools will now be indoctrinated about the illegality of downloading music. The ignorance and arrogance of this got to me a little, so I penned an open letter to the DfES about it. Unfortunately, it's pedantic, as I suppose you have to be when writing to governmental representatives. But I hope you find it helpful, and perhaps feel motivated to do something similar, if or when the same thing has occurred in your region.	Tech
AMD Introduces Affordable Web Access Gadget in India US semiconductor manufacturer Advanced Micro Devices AMD.N has launched a budget-friendly Internet access gadget that might price just a few hundred dollars, targeted at first-time technology consumers in the developing world.	Tech
Bank 'seeks to obstruct Glazer offer' The Financial Times asserts Nomura, the Japanese bank, is engaged in a strategy to secure 200m to hinder a takeover of Man Utd by Malcolm Glazer.	Business
Cisco becomes a member of WiMax Forum The networking behemoth formally registers in the wireless broadband coalition as the organization's numbers rise.	Tech
Volkswagen Might Be Near to Resolving Its Salary Discussions Volkswagen and its employees entered a crucial week in their salary negotiations on Monday, with indications that a concession was forming even as demonstrations erupted at factories throughout Germany.	World
Stock Futures Stable Before GDP, Fed Speech  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were nearly unchanged on Friday as investors awaited vital data on the economy that could affect the market's initial course.	Business
Veritas Continues Digging into Its Purse By acquiring KVault, which produces e-mail-archiving software, it intends to diminish EMC's advantage and restore investors' trust.	Tech
Jackson the Sorcerer of Loz WHATEVER her standing as a person in the realm of basketball, Lauren Jackson #39;s final legacy will be what she accomplishes with her squads.	Sports
CBS Penalized #36;550,000 for Jackson Stunt (AP) AP - CBS received the invoice Wednesday for Janet Jackson's striking flash dance during the Super Bowl intermission show: a record #36;550,000.	Sports
Koch, Park heads first day in Nine Bridges Classic Carin Koch of Sweden and South Korea #39;s Grace Park both recorded a 6-under-par 66 on Friday, capturing the lead after the initial round of the LPGA #39;s CJ Nine Bridges Classic.	Sports
Islamic faction threatens to murder Indian cricketers in Bangladesh (AFP) AFP - A little recognized extremist Islamic faction has threatened to slay Indian cricketers when they visit Bangladesh from Tuesday, the Indian High Commission informed AFP.	World
OPEC Boosts Oil Production The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has concurred to augment production by one million barrels daily in a maneuver to reduce oil costs.	Business
Saban recruiting on pause DAVIE - The Dolphins desire Nick Saban, and the LSU coach might be on his path. Although LSU Athletic Director Skip Bertman stated Friday that "a proposal is very forthcoming," the Dolphins are dedicated to complying.	Sports
Northwest charge hike has agents wailing foul The airline stated it will commence compensating only \$5 of the \$12.50 expense of reserving a Northwest ticket through a worldwide distribution system such as Sabre or Galileo starting Wednesday.	Business
Cocoa rates down but Ivorian shipments still obstructed World cocoa rates were down on Tuesday but off the day’s lows as shipments remained on pause after mob unrest and military skirmishes in Ivory Coast, the key global provider, traders stated.	World
Holes Discovered in Cisco, Veritas, Samba Solutions (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Security sources declare four largely unrelated corporate vulnerabilities in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas' Backup Execute, and Samba, the Windows file-sharing tool for Linux.	Tech
Texas Institution to Provide Female Gaming Scholarship (Reuters) Reuters - As part of an initiative to lure more women into the male-dominated video game sector, a program for aspiring game creators at Southern Methodist University will offer a female-only scholarship, organizers stated on Thursday.	Tech
Yukos intends to repair itself prior to auction The Russian oil behemoth Yukos stated yesterday that administration was assembling an urgent strategy to persist in operating the firm for a few months, even after the sale of its coveted asset in December.	Business
You Claim Sell, I Claim Potato Discontented shareholders initiate litigation to compel discussions with Oracle while PeopleSoft's two largest investors agree to disagree.	Business
Vehicle sales skyrocketed in September. Auto sales jumped 10 in September, driven by a 25 increase at General Motors and rises for Chrysler and Toyota. GM experienced its largest gain in two years after raising incentives.	Business
BlueGene slips past Planet Simulator The Planet Simulator, an NEC supercomputer, is eclipsed, at last. IBM declared yesterday that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer had attained a constant performance of 36.	Business
Exec, partner donate Stanford \$43.5 million SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman Charles Munger and his companion Nancy Munger on Thursday gifted \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school.	Business
Qwest to pay \$250 million to conclude investigation WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications on Thursday stated it #39;s consented to pay \$250 million to conclude a federal investigation of allegedly deceptive accounting practices employed by former executives.	Business
Cisco, Microsoft join forces on protection Cisco and Microsoft have received the signal: IT managers are fatigued of constantly plugging security holes in their systems.	Tech
Report: Substances Caused Ken Caminiti #39;s Demise NEW YORK - A drug overdose took the life of former baseball star Ken Caminiti, who tested affirmative for cocaine in the weeks preceding his death at age 41 and had confessed to utilizing steroids during his playing days, the city medical examiner determined Monday.	Sports
Iraqi Airlines resumed global flights Saturday when an airplane left from neighboring Jordan, the airline's first such trip since UN sanctions were imposed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.	World
Oil Decrease 3 Percent as U.S. Winter Remains Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil costs dropped 3 percent on Monday on expectations that more temperate U.S. climate at the beginning of the New Year will restrict heating oil requirement.	Business
Social Security Alteration a Blessing for Funds? (Reuters) Reuters - The windfall many believe President Bush has bestowed upon the mutual fund sector with his proposals to modify Social Security may be an illusion, industry executives stated on Friday.	Business
Caley Resolved to Make Correct Decision Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Ken Mackie asserts the club will not be hurried into naming a successor to John Robertson.	Sports
Dollar Retains Profits, Fed Remarks Assist  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar retained the prior day's profit on Tuesday, bolstered by a decline in oil costs and positive remarks on the U.S. economy from Federal Reserve representatives.	Business
Cardinals Devastate Dodgers to Seize 2-0 Series Advantage Mike Matheny #39;s two-run hit emphasized a three-run fifth inning surge which elevated the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series Thursday.	Sports
Creator of Twinkies enters insolvency Onge. Interstate Bakeries Corp. has submitted for bankruptcy, a victim of escalating expenses and diminished demand for carbohydrate-laden breads and confections, including its Wonder Bread and Hostess Twinkies.	Business
Gunfire Breaks Out in Pro-Aristide Haiti Shanty PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire burst in a slum filled with supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, causing people fleeing through litter-strewn streets following	World
FDA Directs Strong Antidepressant Caution Labels By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday mandated that all antidepressants carry ""black box"" alerts that they ""heighten the risk of suicidal thoughts and behavior"" in children who use them.    Patients and their guardians will be provided medication guides that include the alert with each new prescription or refill...	Tech
Major Game Hunting Virginia, Navy and Maryland confront season-defining matches, perhaps <em>program-defining </em> contests for the Cavaliers and Midshipmen as they compete against Florida State and Notre Dame, respectively on Saturday.	Sports
Groups Permitted to Reach Absentee Voters (AP) AP - Like angling in a stocked lake instead of a sea, politicians are attempting to reel in votes by focusing phone calls and leaflets at voters who have previously requested absentee ballots.	World
Saks declares shop shutdowns Saks asserts shutting down less lucrative outlets will permit the company to focus on its more "efficient" sites and further improve its brand.	Business
UPI NewsTrack Sports -- The United States men's basketball team concluded a notable day for the USA by fending off Greece for a vital win, 77-71. "They played with enthusiasm," said Coach Larry Brown. "That's all you can ask." ...	Sports
Times to Eliminate Broadsheet Edition The Times is to eliminate its broadsheet edition and transition to tabloid from Monday, it was affirmed today. The choice was made after a trial run of the compact edition demonstrated a success, said editor Robert Thomson.	Sports
Al-Jazeera broadcasts fresh footage of begging British captive in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Abducted Briton Margaret Hassan made a new request for the withdrawal of British soldiers from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television stated, displaying her in a video.	World
Dolphins' Fiedler Not Content About Benching (AP) AP - Dave Wannstedt wasn't pleased with Jay Fiedler on Saturday, and the sentiment was mutual. Wannstedt sidelined Fiedler at halftime of the Miami Dolphins' 17-7 defeat to the Tennessee Titans, and the quarterback stated he was disheartened about the swift hook.	Sports
Pitt can ruin BCS with concluding triumph As if things weren’t awful enough for the Bowl Championship Series, it appears that Pittsburgh is going to stand for the Big East with an 8-3 record.	Sports
Nepal Pursues Dialogue to Conclude Insurgent Blockade of Capital  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - The dread of assault kept most automobiles  off thoroughfares leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on  Thursday as officials sought discussions to terminate a siege termed by  Maoist militants.	World
Canada, Finland dominate pools Martin Brodeur made 27 stops, and Brad Richards, Kris Draper, and Joe Sakic netted to assist Canada defeat Russia, 3-1, last night in Toronto, providing the Canadians a 3-0 record in round-robin competition of the World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
Not To Be Outdone, Yahoo Adds E-mail Storage (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) has augmented e-mail storage for users of its complimentary e-mail service from 100 megabytes to 250 MB. The Internet giant also unveiled an anti-spam authentication technology called DomainKeys, which restricts messages sent from spoofed addresses.	Tech
SEC Investigates United Rentals, Shares Plummet CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are examining United Rentals Inc. <A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have requested some accounting records, the company stated on Monday, resulting in its shares to decline 21.5 percent.	Business
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Falsehoods and Deceiving CEOs Who Communicate Them PeopleSoft's board was aware that CEO Craig Conway had misstepped in his remarks, so it submitted a revised version of the meeting transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
Top Seed Federer Struggles Through in Thai Debut BANGKOK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer labored to conquer faltering Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and advance to the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.	Sports
Cheney Advocates for House Contenders (AP) AP - With two Louisiana congressional positions still available, Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned in the state Wednesday on behalf of Republicans who aspire to sweep Saturday's runoff contests.	World
Barca prevails again Barcelona has moved 12 points ahead at the peak of Spain's Primera Liga thanks to a 2-1 win at Albacete. Andres Iniesta put Barca in front after just two minutes, but when Mark Gonzalez equalized it 1-1 with 17 minutes	Sports
Surrey set to secure Harbhajan Surrey are awaiting authorization from the Board of Control for Cricket in India prior to declaring Harbhajan Singh as a foreign signing for 2005.	Sports
IBM and Intel to unveil blade specifications With today's anticipated announcement, hardware manufacturers will obtain access to the BladeCenter specifications by signing a seven-page licensing contract, which grants users the right to license the specifications for particular types of products.	Tech
Brown Bears Arrived in N. America Sooner Than Believed, Fossil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The finding also illuminates the lineage of contemporary brown bears, which has long baffled researchers. A genetic assessment of the cranium fragment suggests its possessor was closely connected to the brown bears	Tech
UN Council Ready to Vote on Darfur Measure  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and China conducted  final discussions on Saturday before the U.N. Security Council  was set to vote on a measure that would contemplate oil penalties  against Sudan if it did not cease atrocities in the Darfur  area.	World
Auburn Remains Flawless No. 2 Auburn comes back in the second half and conquers rival Alabama, 21-13, Saturday to sustain its national championship aspirations.	Sports
Volcano 'cowboys' who ride a circle of flames Scientists utilize everything from gas-detecting devices to GPS systems to enhance predict when a mountain will awaken. By Brad Knickerbocker Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	Tech
Computer Associates executive pleads not culpable Sanjay Kumar, the former chief officer of Computer Associates of Islandia, NY, pleaded innocent Thursday to accusations he assisted inflate financial outcomes.	Business
Motorola and HP in Linux partnership Motorola intends to promote mobile phone network apparatus that utilizes Linux-based software, a progress in network device manufacturers' endeavors to unify around a standard.	Tech
Group Advocates to Video Games for Aggression, Sexual Material (AP) AP - Video games that have players fire at opposing gang members, view bare-chested women and reenact the assassination of President Kennedy were condemned Tuesday by advocacy groups that asserted, at the very least, they should be limited from minors.	Tech
Vivendi, Messier Are Penalized \$1.35M Each French authorities penalized Vivendi Universal SA and its former chief Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for misleading investors with a series of erroneous financial communications issued over a two-year span.	Business
Pfizer to resolve asbestos allegations NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - Pfizer (PFE) stated Friday it has consented to pay \$430 million to resolve all litigations against it claiming harm from insulation products manufactured by a subsidiary.	Business
Molson delivers earnings caution MONTREAL - Molson Inc. has presented a caution of disappointing summer-period earnings, stating revenues have been sluggish in Canada and profitability has been compressed in Brazil.	Business
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal tormenting com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main emphasis has been enhancing or acquiring CRM and ERP software for the previous year and a half.	Tech
Cavaliers engage Wagner again CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated Dajuan Wagner off the injured list Monday for a second time this season. Wagner missed five contests with an inflamed right arch after earlier sitting out seven matches because of a sprained right ankle.	Sports
Oracle to Obtain PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. announced today it has signed a definitive merger agreement to obtain PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately \$10.3 billion. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
England position remains permanent THE Football Association yesterday affirmed it has no intentions to diminish the England coach's role to a part-time position. A report in the Daily Mirror asserted the FA was contemplating appointing a Premiership manager.	Sports
Militants possessing UN employees say discussions have been delayed Militants threatening to murder three UN captives stated yesterday that negotiations with Afghan and UN representatives had been deferred for another day.	World
Iran to halt discussions with EU in case of impasse A senior Iranian delegate stated Sunday that Iran would retract from the negotiations with the European Union (EU) if the forthcoming talks in Brussels turned into a standstill, the official IRNA news agency reported.	World
Melrose comes up lacking Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day contest with Wakefield as an undefeated juggernaut destined for the postseason. But Wakefield has hindered the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no different.	Sports
Anticipating the Sun's fate: Astronomical interferometry uncovers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the initial instance, an international team of astronomers led by Guy Perrin from the Paris Observatory/LESIA, (Meudon, France) and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (Tucson, Arizona, USA) has identified the nearby environment of	Tech
Bryant Jury Selection Behind Sealed Doors (AP) AP - Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case were queried about their sentiments on racial bias, interracial partnerships, marital disloyalty and justice for the affluent and renowned in an 82-item survey released Monday.	Sports
France, Brazil spearhead initiative for new global anti-poverty campaign UNITED NATIONS : The leaders of Brazil and France urged for new endeavors to tackle poverty and starvation in the developing world, including the contentious establishment of an international levy, to counteract the adverse effects of globalization.	World
Cardinals unable to settle Schilling The first at-bat of the matchup seemed to go on and on, with Red Sox starting pitcher Curt Schilling aiming to conclude the inning with little harm, and St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria aiming to throw a wrench in his strategy. Twelve pitches later, after several fouls, Schilling got Renteria to ground out to shortstop.	Sports
Chinese skaters crowned at Smart Ones Skate America Chinese pair Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao have secured the top position in pairs free skating at Smart Ones Skate America, the initial stop of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix.	Sports
Eagles guide Cowboys 7-0 following first quarter Terrell Owens transformed the initial pass thrown to him into a 59-yard touchdown and provided the Philadelphia Eagles a 7-0 advantage over the Dallas Cowboys after the initial quarter Monday night.	Sports
Batman visits Buckingham Palace A security officer stands by as father #39;s rights advocate Jason Hatch (R), dressed as Batman, protests on a terrace at Buckingham Palace in London, September 13, 2004.	World
NFL Delays Miami Match, Due to Hurricane Jeanne The National Football League has delayed Sunday’s arranged game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins in Miami due to the peril of Hurricane Jeanne.	Sports
Keane strikes two to put Spurs back on course Tottenham, in turmoil last weekend following the unexpected resignation of manager Jacques Santini, got their troubled campaign back on the tracks last night by facing Championship rivals.	Sports
Martinez departs resentful Like Roger Clemens did nearly exactly eight years prior, Pedro Martinez has exited the Red Sox seemingly bitter about the manner he was treated by administration.	Sports
Panama-Cuba 'forgiveness' dispute escalates Panama summons its Havana envoy after Cuba warned to sever relations if imprisoned anti-Castro activists are absolved.	World
Boston archbishop discloses distress of shutdowns BOSTON Boston's Archbishop is informing catholics that the church's monetary position is "much worse than individuals comprehend."	Sports
Microsoft Alters Its Melody on Transferring SP2 Corrections Microsoft Watch: Redmond had informed developers privately earlier this year of intentions to transfer some SP2 corrections to older editions of Windows.	Tech
Bode Miller achieves fourth win of World Cup season Bode Miller prevailed for the fourth time this season Friday and Daron Rahlves was second -- the first 1-2 outcome for US men in a World Cup downhill.	Sports
Kin of forsaken man discovered The relatives of an 82-year-old Alzheimer's patient who was deserted at a medical facility have come forward.	World
UN states Afghan election can validate postwar landscape (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan has an opportunity for genuine political legitimacy when voters head to the ballots in the nation's inaugural post-Taliban presidential election, the UN's representative to the country stated.	World
Assets: What Makes an Asset a Victor? (Reuters) Reuters - (Clint Willis is a freelance scribe who covers communal assets for Reuters. Any views in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.)	Business
Chirac Sees Chance in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac  proclaimed Saturday that France was a natural commerce partner to  China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy agreements, minimized any danger from one the world's swiftest growing economies.	World
120 million origami doves of tranquility descend on Thailand About 120 million origami doves were air-dropped over southern Thailand yesterday in an effort to suppress a Muslim rebellion that has resulted in the fatalities of more than 500 individuals this year.	World
Ireland prohibits calls to 13 nations to thwart internet fraud. Ireland's telecom authority stated this week that it is taking "extraordinary" actions to safeguard internet users from rogue autodialer programs that seize their modems and incur long-distance phone fees by halting direct dialing to 13 nations, most.	Tech
Still under attack, US soldiers transitioning to aid effort US personnel in Fallujah provide food and medical assistance as they confront scattered pockets of insurgent resistance.	World
Sole Survivor Producing sneakers in America is so past. How can New Balance accomplish it -- and still prosper?	Business
One in four servers to operate Linux by 2008 In a report, the research company painted a promising future for the open source operating system, asserting that shipments of servers operating Linux -- and earnings from those shipments -- will increase significantly over the next five years.	Tech
Sihamoni prepared to assume: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk announced on Sunday that his offspring, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni is prepared to accept sovereignty.	World
Firefox Provides No Justification to Tolerate Internet Explorer That should have been articulated a long time ago. After Microsoft established a monopoly of the Web-browser market, it allowed Internet Explorer to become stagnant, distributing lackluster updates that overlooked vulnerabilities.	Tech
Dollar #39;s Decline Is a Wake Up Call #39; for Countries, IMF #39;s Rajan States The drop of the US dollar is a signal that policy makers need to do more to ensure the currency #39;s devaluation won #39;t harm global expansion, International Monetary Fund chief economist Raghuram Rajan stated.	Business
Ky. Firm Secures Grant to Investigate Peptides (AP) AP - A company established by a chemistry scholar at the University of Louisville received a grant to create a technique for generating superior peptides, which are brief sequences of amino acids, the fundamental components of proteins.	Tech
Saudi Disputes Deficiency to Seek Insurgents (AP) AP - A high-ranking Saudi official dismissed on Friday a proposal that his administration was negligent in tracking down Saudi nationals who furnish funds to Iraqi insurgents or terrorist organizations.	World
Search Marketing Beyond Google and Overture When most individuals discuss pay per click (PPC) search engine promotion, Google and Overture (Yahoo!) take the spotlight. But in truth, there are numerous smaller 'Tier Two' search engines that provide enticing PPC prospects.	Tech
Australian PM refuses to show regret on erroneous pre-war intelligence on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian Prime Minister John Howard announced Thursday he won #39;t necessarily comply with his British counterpart Tony Blair who has indicated he might apologize for defective evidence on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	World
China 'Profoundly Worried' at Japan's Security Action SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China expressed profound worry on Saturday over Japan's extensive reform of security policy that relaxed a decades-old prohibition on arms exports and implied a transition from a defensive stance in place since its World War II defeat.	World
Atlas Copco to Divest Electric Tool Division Swedish engineering firm Atlas Copco stated Monday it will divest its electric tool division to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.	Business
Bush Confronts Intense Pre-RNC Travel Agenda (AP) AP - President Bush charges into the final buildup to the Republican National Convention with a burdensome campaign timetable in crucial states he needs to secure in November.	World
Two Michigan State football athletes apprehended EAST LANSING, Michigan (Ticker) - Two Michigan State football athletes were detained Tuesday morning for placing three homemade "MacGyver explosives" outside a campus flat.	Sports
For Dempsey, soccer deadlock qualifies as a worry US national team contenders expected to commence training in Los Angeles this week for the start of the ultimate round of World Cup qualifying. Instead, the training camp has been delayed because of a contract conflict between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association.	Sports
Screensaver Hits Back at Spammers New software enables recipients of junk mail to unite to target known websites behind the messages. The concept is to inundate the sites with messages, slowing them down and making them pricier to operate.	Tech
Amazon Refreshes Web Services Instruments, Adds Alexa Access The Amazon Web Services (AWS) sector of online retail giant Amazon.com yesterday launched Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Tool.	Tech
AOL strikes the spammers A barrage of lawsuits was initiated against purported spammers on Thursday by the four primary US Internet service providers. This encompasses a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spamming, or	Tech
Chiefs' Green Anticipated to Begin Sunday  KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green is anticipated to begin in Sunday's match against the Oakland Raiders despite enduring bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
MmO2 Declares 3G Mobile Data Network Debut Clients will be able to download movie clips, sound and video, interactive multiplayer games, multimedia music tracks, "push-to-view" services, as well as access large e-mail attachments.	Tech
Darfur fighting factions to convene in Nigeria for peace discussions (AFP) AFP - Sudan's administration and its adversaries in the Darfur area's insurgent movements will gather on Monday for peace discussions which signify a final opportunity for African diplomacy to resolve the crisis before the United Nations intervenes.	World
