Conversion Rates Between PPC (Paid) and Organic (Free) Results\\A discussion is taking place in a thread at Cre8asite Forums titled Organic vs Paid traffic ROI?, regarding the varying conversion rates and ROI experienced between organic traffic (free traffic) and pay per click traffic (paid traffic). I have ...	Tech
As the convention opens, attacks are sharpened by the GOP. NEW YORK (AP) -- On Monday, Sen. John McCain stated that criticizing Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests from three decades ago was fair game, delivering an opening salvo while Republicans at their national convention aimed to depict President Bush as a robust leader during wartime.	World
Unveiling the world's first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile phone, LG Electronics demonstrated its functions.	Tech
On Thursday, in the town of Kufa, a packed mosque was hit by a mortar attack, resulting in the deaths of at least 25 people as Iraq's most influential Shi'ite cleric traveled to the nearby holy city of Najaf in an effort to bring an end to a bloody three-week uprising.	World
The backlash against Ryder Cup player Paul Casey for his anti-American comments, which has already started, is likely to worsen in the coming months.	Sports
Yesterday, it was mentioned by Sir Richard that Melbourne was among his wish list destinations, with flights to London potentially routed through Hong Kong or Bangkok. Arriving in Sydney yesterday was the British billionaire on Virgin Atlantic's inaugural flight to Australia.	Business
Thrilled to receive an invitation from Tiger Woods to compete alongside 15 of the top golfers, Colin Montgomerie was at the Target tournament. Even better was matching Woods' score.	Sports
In version 11i.10 of its sales, marketing, partner relationship management, and e-commerce applications, Oracle has revamped its sales-side CRM applications (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL).	Tech
The latest smart wristwatches that utilize the MSN Direct wireless content-delivery technology from Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) are being delivered in collaboration with Swatch.	Tech
On Monday, lower ended Singapore shares as the third-quarter economic data, which was below expectations, negatively impacted them, further exacerbating ongoing concerns about high oil prices and weakness in Wall Street.	Business
Blip Bedding? This is getting old. Each time a selection of Hidden Gems, Select Comfort (Nasdaq: SCSS) prepares for a long night of rest settled in and dreams about two-times-in-three-years capital gains, along.	Business
With a 2-1 victory over Liverpool, it was Silvestre who became Man. United's hero by scoring twice, lifting the home side to triumph as all eyes were on Rio Ferdinand, returning after an eight-match ban on Monday.	Sports
In a very unremarkable way, Qualcomm began its life in 1985 -- in the den of founder Irwin Jacobs. The space was small and crowded. The founding crew, consisting of seven people, was enthusiastic but low key.	Tech
History has been made by the SMART-1 probe upon entering lunar orbit, as it becomes the first European mission to accomplish this feat. Professor David Southwood, the director of science at the European Space Agency (ESA), commented, "Europe	Tech
A habit that Jameel McCline had formed was to call his good friend, heavyweight titleholder Chris Byrd, to discuss strategy and hear Byrd's opinion whenever he found out about his next fight.	Sports
Hosted by Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Monday, a summit meeting will have the ratification of an EU constitution and the question of terrorism at the top of the agenda, with attendance from French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.	World
Extraordinary and contrasting images of Saturn's most intriguing moons have just been recovered by scientists controlling the cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around the planet, providing the clearest view yet of the largest moon.	Tech
At the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday, the holders Europe secured the first two points in the opening fourball matches, inspired by a brilliant putting display against the United States, resulting in a 2-0 lead.	Sports
Being lost is the War on Terrorism. "Responsible for 70 percent of virus infections in 2004, according to a six-month virus roundup published by antivirus company Sophos, is Sven Jaschan, the self-confessed author of the Netsky and Sasser viruses." "In May, police in Germany took into custody the 18-year-old Jaschan, who was said to have admitted programming both the Netsky and Sasser worms, a claim confirmed by experts at Microsoft. (A Microsoft antivirus reward program led to the teenager's arrest.) During the five months that preceded the capture of Jaschan, at least 25 variants of Netsky and one of the port-scanning network worm Sasser were in existence." "Said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at Sophos, staggering..."	Tech
In the entry-level market for 64-bit Linux-based servers, IBM's eServer OpenPower 720 is aimed at running various configurations of what is called the Power5, operating at 1.5 and 1.65GHz.	Tech
A significant offensive has been launched in Afghanistan against militants loyal to the ousted Taliban regime, initiated by the US-led military coalition, in an effort to thwart any disruptions to parliamentary elections scheduled for next spring.	World
An agreement has reportedly been reached by Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr to bring an end to the uprising in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf.	World
Plans to enhance its HP-UX operating system with new high availability and clustering technology, which Hewlett-Packard acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq, have been dropped by the company. Instead, it will focus its development efforts on new areas, as it seeks to persuade customers that there is still vitality in its longstanding Unix operating system.	Tech
In 2004, the year of the blog was declared by a US dictionary publisher, recognizing "blog" as one of the words of the year.	World
GeForce 6600 GT AGP starts shipping from Sparkle, as good as it gets? &lt;a href=""http://www.hardwareanalysis.com/content/article/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardware Analysis&lt;/nobr&gt;	Tech
On Tuesday, it was announced by MACAO Publishing & Broadcasting that a stake in Stanley Ho's latest gambling project had been acquired, as the two leading casino operators in Asia collaborate to expand in the region.	Business
An offensive was launched by Peruvian authorities on Monday to retake a police station and end a three-day siege by former soldiers in a southern Andean town.	World
On Thursday, CVS Corp., a pharmacy chain, announced that it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera featuring a bright color viewing screen, which allows consumers to instantly preview pictures.	Tech
One last time, Michael Owen will hold the key to proving his fitness - and possibly determine which formation will be employed by England against Wales on Saturday.	Sports
Toys are just toys. Believe me, you definitely don't want to witness desperate parents shopping during the holiday season. Last week, at Circuit City (NYSE: CC), a mother was seen begging a sales clerk for a Nintendo DS portable video game system.	Tech
On Saturday, the first annual Software Freedom Day will be organized by the United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN), in an effort to educate users in Asia about the benefits of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) and to encourage its wider use in the region.	Tech
Next month, the new Lotus Web Conferencing Service is set to be offered by IBM, which requires users to have an Internet connection, register an account, a Web browser, and a phone. Aimed at competing with WebEx, the service is.	Tech
Philly's plans to offer citywide Wi-Fi are being monitored by broadband providers (Investor's Business Daily). With a recent proposal from Philadelphia to install a citywide broadband wireless network, will there be brotherly love between its broadband service providers and the city?	Tech
It was announced by Citrix on Tuesday that Net6, a privately-held provider of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) VPN (Virtual Private Network) technology, is being acquired for $50 million in cash.	Tech
An opportunity in China's economic surge is seen by Chirac. On Saturday, it was announced by French President Jacques Chirac that a natural trade partner to China was France, and amidst a flurry of air, rail, and energy deals, he downplayed any threat posed by one of the world's fastest-growing economies.	World
It is projected by Assistant Minister of Commerce Yi Xiaozhun that in 2004, China’s total trade volume will achieve 1.1 trillion US dollars, which would reflect a 30 percent increase compared to 2003, along with an estimated trade surplus of around 10 billion US dollars.	Business
In a single kayak, the French have taken Gold and Bronze ATHENS, Greece - Winning on whitewater runs is a family tradition for Frenchman Benoit Peschier, but an Olympic gold is something new for him. During both his semifinal and final runs on the manmade Olympic course, Peschier aggressively paddled his one-man kayak, remaining penalty-free.	Sports
About to depart from his compound for the first time in two and a half years is Yasser Arafat in Ramallah, located in the West Bank. Two helicopters from Jordan were expected to arrive in Ramallah late Thursday.	World
On Tuesday, plans to eliminate about 4,400 jobs were announced by the consumer products company Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt;, which accounts for 12 percent of its workforce, and to close nearly a third of its factories as part of a restructuring effort.	Business
According to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, recognizing international realities is essential for India, as he responded to the Left's criticism of his congratulatory call to US President George W. Bush.	World
ATLANTA - Not much into computers and formulas for determining who should play for college football's national championship is Tommy Tuberville.	Sports
The ousting of shell-shocked Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams occurred on Wednesday in the Olympic tennis tournament, where they joined the exodus of favorites alongside the already-beaten men’s top seed Roger Federer.	Sports
Today, in the Atlanta Jail, a Braves player has been arrested on a charge of driving under the influence, as members of the DUI Task Force apprehended shortstop Rafael Furcal at approximately 4:20 am.	Sports
Next May or early June, the American space agency Nasa has announced that the first space shuttle mission since the Columbia disaster of 2003 is set to be launched.	Tech
In the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, another setback was suffered by prosecutors on Monday, as they lost a last-ditch attempt to prevent the NBA star's lawyers from informing jurors about the sex life of the alleged victim.	Sports
A bad day for drug companies - and patients unfolded on Friday as a triple whammy struck investors in pharmaceuticals, with key products receiving shocking bad news from Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc, and Eli Lilly and Co.	Business
It has been shown by a discovery at the Salk Institute that a molecular switch, known for its role in the regulation of fat metabolism, appears to obstruct obesity and turns laboratory mice into marathon runners. The ability of these mice to run marathons could have significant effects on obesity, akin to those of Olympians.	Tech
Put into a difficult situation by Michael Kasprowicz, the national selectors have found themselves, as his five-wicket burst has enhanced Australia's hopes of snatching a maiden Champions Trophy this month in London.	Sports
During the final round of the Canadian Open on Sunday, as Mike Weir walked to the 11th tee, he was grabbed by a fan in an unpleasant repeat of the Athens Games marathon fiasco.	Sports
On Tuesday, the idea of a public inquiry into the Beslan school siege was dismissed by President Vladimir Putin of Russia, while frustration was expressed by him towards those who think he should engage with Chechen militants, as reported by two British newspapers.	World
A new report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has sharply revised the estimated number of human genes downward, falling below 25,000.	Tech
Expected to fetch up to 15,000 pounds (£27,000), an Indian gold coin, which is nearly 1,900 years old and features one of the earliest depictions of Buddha, is set to be sold at auction, according to Reuters.	Tech
DATA VIEW: July Sees Slowdown in HK Exports, Yet Momentum Remains HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--A slight deceleration in the export expansion of Hong Kong was observed in July, as anticipated, but the continuation at double-digit rates persisted, driven by high trade volume with mainland China.	Business
A Cane That Helped a Legend Walk the Line sold for $78,000. At Sotheby's, many of Johnny Cash's possessions were auctioned, resulting in $3,984,260 being collected by the Cash family, which is more than double the estimate made prior to the auction.	World
On Thursday, the ruling by Britain’s highest court stated that the government cannot indefinitely detain terror suspects without trial.	World
In the handheld games console market, a battle is being fought as Sony goes head-to-head with Nintendo, placing a price tag of about 100 on its long-awaited PlayStation Portable (PSP) for its launch in Japan.	Tech
On Friday, Electric Power Development Co., which was once a state-run utility, announced its intention to launch an initial public offering on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October; this could become the largest new stock listing in the country in six years, according to AP.	World
China, on Tuesday, expressed its concerns about the apparent stalling of six-party talks concerning North Korea's nuclear weapons program, attributing the situation to the lack of trust that exists between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
The German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH Co. KG was agreed to be acquired by the U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. on Tuesday, with an increase in its presence in Europe by about $635 million.	Tech
Expressing confidence that India would soon become a developed economy, members of the Indian-American community who attended a public meeting welcomed the speech delivered by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.	World
Following the discovery of mad cow disease in the United States late last year, which was traced back to a cow imported from Canada, federal regulators have implemented rules designed to prevent the spread of this fatal disease, focusing on limiting beef imports, conducting tests, and enforcing other measures to protect the domestic herd.	Business
On Friday in Abuja, the leaders of Darfur's rebels held preliminary talks with African Union mediators ahead of the latest round of peace negotiations concerning the crisis in the western Sudanese region.	World
On Wednesday, the World Trade Organization decided against approving stiff sanctions on US exports, which include items such as cod and mobile homes, aimed at punishing Washington until the so-called Byrd amendment is repealed.	Business
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan: Nov 10 (SADA) - On Tuesday, President General Pervez Musharraf expressed hope that a resolution to the long-standing dispute would be discovered through the debate regarding the options he recently outlined, bringing Pakistan and India closer together.	World
A mixed bag of results was seen in the soccer qualifiers over the weekend, but this morning, the authority of major European countries was asserted as away wins were secured by France, England, and Italy.	Sports
Assertive about his frustration, Freddie Ljungberg states that yet another season of heartbreak in Europe awaits Arsenal if they keep conceding foolish goals. Disappointed, the Swede believes a golden opportunity has already been squandered by the Gunners.	Sports
On Wednesday, formal word was awaited by baseball fans in the nation's capital, who were anxiously hoping for news that the financially beleaguered Montreal Expos would be relocating to the city for the 2005 season.	Sports
Under legislation signed Wednesday by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, the force feeding of ducks, geese, and other birds to produce the gourmet liver product foie gras will be ended by California by 2012.	Tech
On Friday, Microsoft Corp. announced that it, along with Dell Inc., would provide the Air Force with software and related support services aimed at simplifying the acquisition process, in a pact valued at up to $500 million over a span of six years.	Tech
On Saturday, the UK debut of Brazil football great Socrates is set to occur as he makes his first appearance for non-league Garforth Town.	World
The rivalry at the short course world championships between the U.S. and Australia is set to heat up, as reported by Reuters from Indianapolis, with most of the five finals later Sunday featuring head-to-head clashes between the two swimming powerhouses.	Sports
Expressing gratitude towards the Afghan people for their support during their ordeal, three UN election workers, who were freed yesterday after being abducted in Afghanistan for nearly a month, look forward to returning to work.	World
A report released today indicates that Cisco, IBM, Microsoft, and SAP have the most loyal customers in IT. These companies are, in fact, among the largest and most successful IT vendors.	Tech
As Intuit delves deeper into IT, it revamps Quicken. The software maker adds a network management application, alongside updates to its personal-finance software, Quicken.	Tech
Switch Your President or Your PC Ads featuring PC users who have transitioned to Macs are being produced by the same creator, who is now employing this strategy for political commercials. This time, the focus will be on former supporters of President Bush, who have been recruited online and have altered their political allegiance. By Louise Witt.	Tech
The potential merger could restrict Qwest, as Qwest Communications might not face immediate impacts from a Sprint-Nextel merger, yet its choices could become constrained. Previously, Qwest and Sprint were seen as likely partners for a merger.	Business
A new league aimed at developing young players is planned to be started by Major League Soccer, as part of its 10-year sponsorship agreement with Adidas.	Sports
Blaming excess capacity, extremely high fuel prices, and descending fares, ATA Holdings Corp., the parent company of discount airline carrier ATA Airlines, announced that it has filed for bankruptcy.	Business
It takes 6 Gators to match Bowden. Methods for assessing Bobby Bowden's stellar career as Florida State's football coach are plentiful. Here are the 277 wins from his leading 350 wins in Division IA.	Sports
Years of legal wrangling come to an end as Microsoft, the software giant, settles with Novell and the CCIA, marking another antitrust deal.	Tech
On Wednesday, Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. plans to unveil upgrades to the company's Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers, which will utilize the 64-bit capable version of the Xeon processor, code-named Nocona.	Tech
Characterized by varying costs is the Apple iTunes Store; recently, Apple Computer (NASDAQ: AAPL) has launched its iTunes Store in Canada. Yet, can it truly be regarded as a store when different rates appear to be simply charged by the company in various countries?	Tech
For the third consecutive session on Friday, the Nikkei average fell, as selling in high-tech stocks like Sony Corp. and Tokyo Electron Ltd. was prompted by renewed concerns over earnings, hitting a closing low not seen in two weeks.	Business
Up for hot bidding is the hotel that condos are eyeing: for sale is the Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston, and its great views of the Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly.	Business
In terms of dollar performance, Japan has been the best performer among the major markets, according to the FTSE World Index, with a rise of 6 per cent, while the worst performer has been Germany, down 7.7 per cent.	Business
In a project to test wireless public transport fares in Hanau, near Frankfurt in Germany, Nokia, the world’s top mobile phone maker, announced on Tuesday that its phones would be used, beginning early next year.	Tech
Vivid and crisp colors for brighter previews of your pictures are promised by Epson's Photo Fine technology on the LCDs of digital cameras.	Tech
It has been reported that talks are underway for IBM to sell its personal computer business. This move would signal the end of an era for the company that introduced the computer to the mainstream, having started to sell its desktop PC to both corporations and consumers back in 1981.	Business
After setting record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday, oil prices retreated sharply as dealers took profits on signs that economic growth is being hurt by energy costs.	Business
A video seen by Reuters on Friday showed that British hostage Kenneth Bigley was beheaded by militants in Iraq, three weeks after his kidnapping aimed to press a demand for the release of women held by U.S.-led forces.	World
In the title game of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic, the fifth-ranked Orange are set to square off against the 24th-ranked Memphis Tigers. An impressive victory of 71-58 was posted by the Orange over the 12th-ranked team.	Sports
In Florida, it was reported by state and local officials on Tuesday that as a result of Hurricane Frances, nine individuals have died. The descriptions of the deaths include: - A grandson aged 15 and a former son.	Sports
A chance for revenge against Nevada is presented to Kansas. The second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses last season when they welcome the Wolf Pack to Allen Fieldhouse on Monday.	Sports
To protect passwords, new PCs will be shipped by IBM with a chip designed to thwart hackers—a hardware approach that is considered safer than software.	Tech
At the vast Everett plant in Seattle belonging to Boeing Co., the assembly line is designed for continuous movement, while over the silvery bodies of skeletal Boeing 777s, workers scramble to apply finishing touches, albeit almost imperceptibly.	Business
On Friday, the Republican convention was dismissed by Democrat John Kerry as "bitter and insulting," and a promise was made by him to be a U.S. president who would tell the truth to Americans.	World
Ecosystem Changes Due to the Return of Wolves: A Study (AP) AP - A growing body of evidence, according to scientists studying the broader effects of wolf reintroduction, suggests that the killing off of predators, such as wolves and grizzly bears, in the last century initiated a cascade of effects that resulted in ecosystems being thrown out of balance.	Tech
Scoring a game-high of 17 points, David Dubois helped Maine achieve a victory of 58-52 over Dartmouth in men's basketball last night in Hanover, N.H.	Sports
The halt of nuclear work was pledged by Iran, with the head of the country’s nuclear energy organisation stating that work at two nuclear facilities located in the central cities of Isfahan and Natanz would stop.	World
Ford has underlined its commitment to motorsport. While confirming the successful sale of both Jaguar Racing and its Cosworth engine company to new owners, the continued commitment of the Ford Motor Company to supporting motorsport at all levels has been stressed.	Sports
Unbeatable still seems Roger Federer as he displayed no indications of a torn thigh muscle, overcoming Argentina's Gaston Gaudio 6-1, 7-6 in the opening match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston.	Sports
In Athens, Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann was red-faced as two costly mistakes ensured that again, a Champions League victory slipped through his side's fingers.	Sports
Dale Earnhardt Jr. is urging NASCAR to change its penalties related to swearing on television and radio broadcasts, hoping to prevent another driver from experiencing a similar slip of the tongue.	Sports
In southeastern Turkey, two Turkish soldiers were killed when their vehicle hit a land mine, according to the Anatolia news agency. On Sunday, two attacks attributed to Kurdish rebels also involved a bomb damaging a small oil pipeline.	World
Amounting to 13.5 million pounds ($29.8 million Cdn), the profits generated a year ago by England's first Rugby World Cup were substantial, even with the loss of revenue from the absence of home games.	Sports
Today at Silverstone, with Jacques Villeneuve testing for Renault, speculation has perhaps arisen that this could alter things for next season, when Giancarlo Fisichella is inevitably set to join Fernando Alonso at Renault F1.	Sports
In Las Vegas, NV, credit is due to Sugar Shane Mosley. For the second time in his career, a valiant attempt was made by the former world champion to reverse a thorough beating by diving headfirst into an immediate rematch.	Sports
Following the announcement of solid sales growth and a reduction in half-year losses by the firm, shares in the UK department store group House of Fraser have risen.	Business
A stinging rebuke was issued by the victims of the Madrid train bombings to politicians who sought to gain from the tragedy that resulted in the deaths of 191 people, injecting humility into what had been a previously raucous parliamentary investigation.	World
On Friday, during the storming by Russian troops, the Philippines expressed "deepest sympathy" to the families of those who died in the Russian school siege, where 322 individuals were killed.	Tech
With the goal of hitting the ground running at Michigan, the Gophers aim to exit Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, and they must hope their offense reverts to its former self while their defense does not.	Sports
North Korea claims that it is Bush, not Kim, who is the tyrant. It indicates that engaging in a working-level meeting with the United States to prepare for further six-party discussions concerning the nuclear weapons development of the communist state is something it sees no reason to do.	World
In Singapore, the industrial output for August saw a year-on-year increase of 5.3%, which was below expectations, largely due to a notable drop in pharmaceutical production stemming from a high base last year.	Business
Surprisingly, only its timing rather than its inevitability was the reason when the president, the athletic director, and the no-longer-the-football-coach took turns announcing a firing at the University of Florida on Monday, all in somber tones and using professional adjectives.	Sports
The worst countries for press freedom, as labeled by media watchdog Reporters Without Borders, are North Korea and Cuba, whereas Denmark is recognized as the best.	World
It was reported by the publisher that the definition most frequently requested at Merriam-Webster's online dictionary site is the term "Blog," which is short for "Weblog."	Tech
Is the Next Netscape Google? Is the Next Netscape Google?\\To explore the parallels between Google and Netscape in their fight against Microsoft, it is essential to investigate the similarities that exist between the two scenarios and to determine if the strategies that proved effective at that time will also be effective now.	Tech
IBM is aiming to gain an advantage over competitors with the launch of eServer 326 on October 15 by introducing a rack-mounted server that supports AMD's upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
After an agreement was reached for Anthem to increase its funding for state health projects, California's insurance commissioner on Tuesday reversed his opposition to the proposed $16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. by Anthem Inc.	Business
A rock that may indicate a second water event in Mars' past has been stumbled upon by NASA's Mars rover Opportunity, almost by accident.	Tech
On Sunday, the most wanted terrorist in Pakistan was killed by security forces, who were allegedly involved in an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharraf and were indicted in the murder of a US journalist.	World
On the left, it has to be Cole. As we look ahead to England's international double-header, the top pundit at Football365 is advocating for Joe Cole to receive the nod on the left. Personally, among the three available options on the left for Sven-Goran Eriksson this Saturday, my preferred choice would be Joe Cole.	Sports
Walking into a room on Monday to face the world’s golfing media, the newly crowned No. 1 had just shot down Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston, ruling a world that is yet to embrace him.	Sports
It was reported by the government on Friday that a sharper slowdown in the second quarter of the US economy was experienced than had been previously estimated, with oil prices increasing and the trade gap widening, confirming that momentum faltered during the spring.	Business
In the normally quiet British-patrolled city of Basra, unrest was observed as clashes continued in the streets of Baghdad between US forces and militants, alongside bombardments of the restive city of Fallujah.	World
A miniature version of its equivalent to the Swiss Army knife was unveiled on Wednesday by Nokia, the world's largest maker of handsets, with hopes that it will attract women and less tech-savvy business professionals.	Tech
Next season, the Swiss-based Sauber Petronas Formula One team will see Jacques Villeneuve, the Canadian driving champion and former world champion, signed to drive for them.	Sports
The speculation regarding the potential existence of microbial life on the Red Planet is bolstered by the discovery of water vapor and methane gas in the same areas on Mars, according to space scientists.	Tech
Predictions indicate that earnings will rise for Applebee's as units increase, with the company expecting to double its units to at least 3,000 and projecting a 17% growth in earnings over the next 3 to 5 years. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The chain of restaurants recognized as Applebee's International Inc.	Business
According to an annual industry report, more money is expected to be generated this year by mobile phones than by traditional fixed-line services for the first time, driven by surging demand in developing countries like China, India, and Russia.	Tech
The views on arms were reasserted by Iran's leader. In New York, the foreign minister of Iran stated that the country will never relinquish its right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful purposes, despite denying any intention to manufacture nuclear weapons.	World
According to officials, a powerful earthquake hit Bali, Indonesia's premier tourist island, on Wednesday, leading to one death, injuring at least two individuals, and causing some panic.	World
In December, a monthly opinion magazine will be created from the Far Eastern Economic Review, an often incisive newsweekly that has been respected for more than half a century, and Dow Jones announced on Thursday that virtually all of its employees will lose their jobs.	Business
The Apache Software Foundation, which develops the widely-used open-source Apache web server, announced on Thursday that it would not support the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID due to the licensing terms imposed by Microsoft Corp.	Tech
While the withdrawal of Vioxx may affect Merck & Co.'s revenues, doctors state that it does not represent a setback for arthritis patients, since there are dozens of other drugs that offer the same symptom relief.	Business
A reconnaissance team is set to visit the area surrounding Baghdad, where UK forces might be deployed to support the US.	World
High jumper Stefan Holm from Sweden, a gold medal winner, believes he can reach even greater heights, while scientists argue that he and other athletes are approaching the limits of their potential.	Tech
Approved by the WTO are sanctions against the US, enabling the European Union, Japan, and others to impose heavy penalties on US firms for dumping goods beginning early next year.	Business
According to the financial daily Les Echos on Friday, the French government is considering a potential link between Thales SA and European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co., as indicated by a report.	Business
The Houston Astros secured their place in the wild-card race with a victory over the St. Louis Cardinals, winning 10-3, as Roy Oswalt achieved the distinction of being the first 19-game winner in the NL.	Sports
An end zone pass aimed at Rod Smith was knocked away by cornerback Drayton Florence, leaving Denver poised to take the late lead. For an interception, the pass then ricocheted to safety Jerry Wilson.	Sports
A significant overhaul of senior staff in the Prime Minister's Office was announced by Paul Martin on Wednesday, with several close confidants and one ex-cabinet minister receiving roles that are important in a post-election shakeup.	World
Following an anonymous phone call from a man making threats, Moscow police have begun a partial evacuation at the Kursk railway station in central Moscow, as they search for explosives, Interfax reports.	World
An analysis about Oracle's takeover of PeopleSoft reveals that PeopleSoft users are speaking out (InfoWorld). The great debate regarding the impact of Oracle's hostile takeover of PeopleSoft has all the major industry analyst organizations weighing in. However, it seems that the opinion of one group, the PeopleSoft users, is overlooked in most of the analysis.	Tech
On the fifth day of a joint offensive aimed at driving out insurgents, US and Iraqi forces are pushing deeper south into the city of Fallujah. Clashes are occurring in Mosul.	World
Royalties are wanted by a key patent holder over RFID. If a trend is started by that, the adoption of radio frequency identification technology could suffer.	Tech
Celebrated by the Federal Government is a sweet victory for sugar producers, following a ruling from the World Trade Organisation that finds European subsidies for sugar producers in violation of international trade rules.	Business
When Apple first introduced the iPod mini, it offered a selection of pastel shades for added color, and now the new iPod Photo has incorporated color.	Tech
On Saturday, after being rescued from a shark's jaws while spearfishing on the Great Barrier Reef, a 38-year-old Australian man bled to death, authorities reported.	World
The top-end of its eServer range has been expanded by IBM, introducing three multiple-processor systems that target large enterprise clients and datacentres.	Tech
To a new overnight low, the dollar drops. Against the euro, yet another record low is hit by the dollar, raising concerns about the German and wider eurozone economies.	Business
Warren tones down his bark; it is noted that the views of the host do not necessarily reflect those of the station or its sponsors. The Browns were not pleased when Warren stated that he would gladly pay a \$50,000 fine to eliminate Roethlisberger, who	Sports
On Thursday, it was reported by Pfizer Inc. that Celebrex, their medication for arthritis, was considered safe after a Canadian newspaper associated it with 14 deaths.	Business
Expected to remain one of Australia's most celebrated mysteries is the disappearance of baby Azaria Chamberlain, which occurred 24 years ago, after the coroner's office ruled here that there was no new evidence to justify reopening the case.	World
On Friday, Academia Sinica President Lee Yuan-tseh announced that he will convey President Chen Shui-bian's goodwill to mainland Chinese President Hu Jintao at the upcoming informal leadership meeting, as stated in Taipei on Nov. 12 (CNA).	World
It was stated by Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder that the invitation to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels is supported by both Germany and France.	World
An errant ball struck a golfer in the face, and he was unable to persuade a jury that the man who hit him was negligent for not yelling "Fore!"	Sports
Could it be the last gasp of a dying star? Being prepared is a new spacecraft that will conduct the fastest and most detailed study yet of the fleeting gamma ray bursts originating from deep in space.	Tech
On Friday, a mild boost was experienced by US stocks as better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods, excluding transportation equipment, was shown by government data, though climbing oil prices limited the gains.	Business
Amid reports of a plot to kidnap him, Prince Harry flew back to the UK from Argentina today, as local media stated that gunshots had been heard at a polo ranch where he was working.	World
As EU leaders softened their demands regarding the crucial sticking point of Cyprus, the European Union and Turkey inched closer on Friday toward a historic agreement on starting membership talks.	World
On Sunday at the world championships, a short course world record of 22.71 seconds in the 50 meters butterfly was set by Ian Crocker from the United States.	Sports
By the end of the year, a hard-drive based digital audio player that rivals the iPod will be made ready by BenQ.	Tech
Announced on Tuesday by Joseph Ackermann, the chief executive of Deutsche Bank, was a much-anticipated personnel shake-up aimed at solidifying leadership in its profitable investment banking business and restoring confidence in its commitment to Germany.	Business
The final flight of the NASA turbojet, notoriously known as the "vomit comet" because of its function in preparing astronauts for weightlessness, was completed on Friday.	Tech
Lower ended oil prices on Tuesday as indications emerged that high energy costs are impeding the economic growth which has driven this year's significant rise in global oil consumption.	Business
Understanding Google AdWords is crucial. To its credit, unlike many search engines, the listings that are paid placements are clearly indicated by Google. Found in a separate section down the left side of the screen, Google AdWords provides an inexpensive advertising venue for businesses to target an audience with their products or services.	Tech
A dispute over interstate wine sales in Michigan is being heard by the high court. Whether Michigan and other states can prevent individuals from purchasing wine directly from out-of-state suppliers is being considered by the Supreme Court, a significant issue that could result in major alterations in the regulation of alcoholic beverages.	Business
Ahead of key U.S. jobs figures, on Friday, the dollar remained steady above this week's record low against the euro, with dealers hesitant to take positions.	Business
While watching tape of Oklahoma State in preparation for their encounter at the Jimmy V Classic, Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim said to himself, "this team might not even be able to play with us," regarding the victory of Oklahoma State's seniors.	Sports
Awaiting "Halo 2," the buzz surrounding the sequel to "Halo" is louder than a machine gun rat-a-tatting in the ears of video game addicts, as game fans ATLANTA.	Tech
Aside from your anemic fifth-place finish in the long jump and the big fat "Did Not Finish" for the missed baton pass in the 400-meter relay, Marion Jones, how did your day go?	Sports
Being extended by the Singapore government is the third-party war risk insurance cover to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a unit of the Singapore Airlines group.	Business
Leaders warn that one of the biggest challenges of the 21st Century will be rapid urbanisation, as cities face a crisis.	Tech
The teaching of chemistry as a subject is to be dropped by Exeter University, a move that the Royal Society of Chemistry has labeled as 'disastrous.'	Tech
Bill Gates receives 4 million e-mails daily. Though he might not use AOL, it is clear that he has a substantial amount of mail. On Thursday, Steve Ballmer, the chief executive of Microsoft Corp., stated, “Bill literally receives 4 million pieces of e-mail per day, most of it spam.”	Tech
In Baltimore yesterday, the New York Yankees triumphed over Sidney Ponson and the Orioles with a score of 5-2, thanks to unbeaten Orlando Hernandez, who pitched seven innings allowing only five hits to secure his eighth straight decision.	Sports
A deal that will enable customers of Sprint Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. to utilize the wireless Internet connections of both companies with reduced hassle was announced on Friday.	Tech
The medals race at the Paralympic Games that concluded on Tuesday was dominated by China, and a comparable performance is anticipated by officials in China when Beijing hosts the games in four years.	Sports
In brief: Red Flag Linux roundup is signed up by RealNetworks. Additionally, Virtual PC 7 is shipped by Microsoft... A warning of lower revenue and a deeper loss is given by SGI... Search technology is tapped by SAP.	Tech
At a time when more people are being cured of cancer than ever before, it seems that fewer doctors are willing to say so. Undetectable or in remission, they call the cancer. Patients are told they can quit seeing cancer specialists. Statistics are quoted, and chances are said to be slim that the disease will come back.	Tech
A tougher line on ultrawideband is to be taken by the UK, as a report for the British regulator calls for stricter controls on wireless technology compared to those in the United States.	Tech
A plan that rewards insiders for information leading to the arrest and conviction of individuals or companies producing spam has received endorsement from the US Federal Trade Commission.	Tech
Both companies will end their eight-year alliance, which had helped expand the presence of the US computer maker in the booming South Korean PC market, between LG Electronics Inc. and International Business Machines Corp.	Business
A giant planet has been detected by a tiny telescope circling a faraway star, according to scientists, using a technique that could usher in a new phase of planetary discovery.	Tech
On Wednesday, professional soccer was retired from by midfielder Andreas Herzog of the Los Angeles Galaxy, who played for Austria in the World Cups of 1990 and 1998.	Sports
Changes in the rules regarding unbundled networks, which will largely benefit the Regional bells, are likely to result from a vote by the FCC next week. These rules are important for the phone market.	Business
According to AP, the Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles on Saturday.	Sports
During the early 1980s, while Jeff Raikes was at Apple Computer, a call came in from a guy named Steve Ballmer, who invited him to interview for a product-management position at a small software company located in the Seattle area.	Tech
The Invasion of the Data Snatchers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Do you think your PC is secure? Think again. A new study indicates that likely bogged down by spyware, viruses, and other scourges created by hackers and PC pranksters is your home computer. While ignorance may be blissful to some, for computer users, inefficiency and costly consequences can result from a lack of knowledge.	Tech
On Thursday, a defense counsel was imposed on former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic by judges at The Hague tribunal to avoid further delays in his war crimes trial.	World
In Dubai, a global cricket academy will be opened by the International Cricket Council, with the aim of enhancing the standards of less prominent nations.	World
The effect of oil prices is being weighed by investors. NEW YORK Stocks are mixed as another rise in oil prices exerts pressure. The Dow Jones industrial average has declined by 12 points, sitting at ten-thousand-165.	Business
Proud of his brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, is Fro Adu, a defender for Georgetown Prep, but he wants to step out on his own.	Sports
Last week in Fallujah, Iraq, four US servicemen, wounded in intense fighting, detailed an enemy proficient at rigging booby traps and skilled in marksmanship, in Landstuhl, Germany.	World
On Friday, formal farm talks took place at the World Trade Organization, marking the culmination of a weeklong series of informal discussions that were aimed at reaching a broader liberalization accord by the end of 2005.	Business
Victor Conte, as the bassist for the pop-funk band Tower of Power, lays down the song's backbone by playing a predetermined series of notes while naming names on TV.	Sports
The manufacturing industry is experiencing its strongest performance in nearly 10 years, according to a survey conducted by the Engineering Employers Federation, highlighting the best status of British industry during that period.	Business
Someday, it may be that IBM chips possess self-healing capabilities, thanks to new technology employing electrical fuses to aid in the identification and repair of faults.	Tech
According to a survey by NetRatings Inc., a majority of US home Internet users currently have broadband, as reported on AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE).	Tech
Yesterday's Lexmark Indy 300 was won by Bruno Junqueira, putting a halt to Sebastien Bourdais' bid for the 2004 championship. In two weeks, the battle for the Champ Car drivers' title is set to move to Mexico City.	Sports
Triumphing over No. 24 Villanova, No. 5 North Carolina achieved a score of 63-56. The Tar Heels were able to recover from a disappointing first half against Villanova. Scoring only 25 points in the first half, No.	Sports
As the company deals with the aftereffects of restating its earnings for the past three fiscal years, the CFO position is being taken over by Charles Peters Jr., who is replacing Red Hat.	Tech
After the defeat to Bologna on Sunday, Rudi Völler announced his departure from Roma in the Italian league. He had managed the team for less than four weeks and witnessed a 3-1 loss to Bologna in Serie A on Saturday, despite the fact that the opposing team had only nine men for 40 minutes.	Sports
An enticing day off surely looks appealing after a disappointing road trip for the Sox, who finished with a record of 3-4 during their swing through Detroit and Cleveland, and it would have been appreciated to welcome an off-day.	Sports
An extra match has been accepted by the British and Irish Lions for their tour of New Zealand next year. The traditionally strong Auckland provincial team will now be played by the Lions.	Sports
In a two-part interview's second segment, Stuart Cohen, who is the chief of Open Systems Development Labs, expresses his views on Linux security, desktops, the Domino effect that leads to Linux, and the reasons that will cause Microsoft to eventually port to Linux.	Tech
In 2004, the discovery that Mars might have been able to support life billions of years ago was hailed as the top breakthrough, and it has been ranked as the most significant scientific achievement of that year by the editors of the international journal Science.	Tech
The opportunity for millions of American workers to borrow their own money from their retirement savings plans would be provided by a Card to Your Future 401(k) credit card.	Business
In August, the hiring by employers increased, leading to an expansion of payrolls by 144,000 and a decrease in the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Now announcing his abdication is King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia, known as the 'mercurial monarch', whose career has been a bewildering trail of political twists and expedient turns while he courted and survived the Khmer Rouge.	World
Des contrats d'approvisionnement ont été signés par AMD et Chartered, et SUNNYVALE, Californie, ainsi que SINGAPOUR--(BUSINESS WIRE) le 9 novembre 2004--La fabrication de précision automatisée d'AMD est adoptée par Chartered, qui prévoit de produire des processeurs AMD64 en 2006.	Tech
On Monday, in premarket trading, shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research), a maker of computer chips for DVD equipment, dropped 4.4 percent after the company lowered its third-quarter revenue and earnings.	Business
A "landmark agreement" has been made by Microsoft with England's Department of Health to renew the agency's license for desktop products, which could save an estimated $608 million.	Tech
On Thursday, negotiators from the US and EU exchanged arguments regarding state aid for aircraft competitors Airbus and Boeing; nonetheless, they discovered that they were no closer to resolving a sensitive issue that has gained traction as the US presidential election draws near.	Business
A new Internet search company was launched on Monday, with the assistance of former president Bill Clinton, claiming that its technology, which is backed by the Chinese government, utilizes artificial intelligence to deliver results that are superior to those of Google Inc.	Tech
Launched on Wednesday were new features by America Online Inc. in its Singingfish search site for audio and video on the Web. A division of Time Warner Inc., AOL.	Tech
A federal appeals court ruled on Thursday that legal liability for the online swapping of songs, movies, and other copyrighted works by users does not fall on the makers of two leading file-sharing programs, marking a significant setback for the entertainment industry.	Tech
Hamid Karzai was cruising to victory in Afghanistan's first direct presidential elections; however, by Wednesday, the returns received thus far have highlighted the ethnic fault lines that have frequently divided the country.	World
A woman's fertility is probably not harmed by consuming a diet high in soy or by taking soy supplements, as the risk associated with soy fertility is downplayed, according to a new study.	Tech
Substantially higher earnings and margins have been forecasted by Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile, but predictions for service revenue disappoint.	Business
On Tuesday at the Pacific-10 Conference women's basketball media day, an opening comment was requested from Tara VanDerveer as she stepped to the dais, following Stanford's selection as the team expected to win the much-improved Pac-10.	Sports
Sanctions from the UN are being faced by the Ivory Coast as the passage of a resolution that seeks penalties and an arms embargo against the country is being pushed for by France. Early this week, a vote is hoped for by Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, France's UN ambassador.	World
Privileges come with starting for Cardinals; a collection of superstar position players and anonymous pitchers is St. Louis.	Sports
On Friday, the nation's Roman Catholic bishops announced that a decision will be made over the next nine months regarding whether any changes should be implemented to the policy enacted during the clergy sex abuse crisis, which includes the permanent barring of guilty priests from church work. This review, which was mandated in the "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People," was adopted by the bishops during an emotional assembly that took place in June 2002 in Dallas.	World
An inventor has been ordered by a jury in federal court in Tennessee to receive at least $109 million from Medtronic Inc. in a dispute regarding rights to spinal fusion technology.	Business
On Tuesday in the first round, Victor Hanescu from Romania was defeated by Croatia's top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic with a score of 6-4, 6-4 at the Open de Moselle.	World
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal that is anguishing com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. The main focus of this fourth priority #39 for the past year and a half has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software.	Tech
The online service for transferring business information between corporations was spiffed up by the integration service enhanced by Grand Central.	Tech
A tentative contract agreement, which has received approval from union leaders, would result in United Airlines pilots withdrawing their opposition to the carrier's much-decried plan for the elimination of traditional pensions.	Business
A profit was posted by Lucent Technologies yesterday, as higher fiscal fourth-quarter earnings helped to lift the telecommunications equipment maker to its first profitable year since 2000.	Business
A forecast of \$189 billion in software sales has been made by IDC. It has been anticipated by the market researcher that there will be a 6.2 percent rise in software revenues throughout 2004.	Tech
An overhaul of the Internet is called for by Intel. According to Intel's CTO, a new layer of capabilities is needed for the Net to address upcoming issues of capacity, security, and reliability.	Tech
A great catch? Lobsters. How does he enjoy lobster? Baked, grilled, boiled, steamed, broiled? Newburg? With a capital L -- Lobsters -- is how Bahar Uttam prefers his, envisioning them frolicking on a tennis court instead of arranged on a plate. In Uttam's mind, a tasty dish for the town's sporting crowd lurks, one that could satisfy the five-year hunger of tennis junkies, a ...	Sports
On Monday in Lausanne, Switzerland, the highest court in the sports world convened to hear the appeal for the gold medal, with Paul Hamm appearing before it. The Court of Arbitration for Sport listened to the claims made by a South Korean gymnast, who contends that he was unfairly deprived of the gold in the men's all-around event last month in Athens due to a scoring error...	World
Sampling a comet, the European Rosetta mission will attempt to harpoon and hook onto its surface. To sniff for recognizable elements, a specially designed oven will cook the comet.	Tech
Pfizer Inc. announced on Friday that it will provide further information about its arthritis drug Bextra to health-care professionals and conduct additional studies to confirm the drug's long-term cardiovascular safety record.	Business
In 2004, water and robots on Mars were chosen as the top stories by Science, as the discovery made by two Mars rovers revealed that the Red Planet once had water and might have possibly supported life. That recognition today comes from the journal Science.	Tech
On Wednesday, a federal judge ruled in a trademark infringement case that Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; could display rivals when users searched for insurer GEICO, granting a victory to the online search engine.	Business
On Friday, the queen of Sydney, Marion Jones, who ended the 2000 Olympics with a record five track-and-field medals, found her next Olympics concluding much differently -- out of medals and in tears, stumbling the US team.	Sports
After just one day on the job, the thoughts of Columbia University athletic director M. Dianne Murphy on the school's sports performance were expressed, with little time wasted.	Sports
Next year, a full season is hoped to be played by Severiano Ballesteros, who said on Friday in MADRID (Reuters) that his recovery from back problems has been so dramatic.	Sports
Red Hat has launched a propaganda offensive against Sun that is losing. Heaven help us all - a blog battle is being waged by Michael Tiemann, Red Hat's chief cheerleader, and Jonathan Schwartz, President of Sun Microsystems.	Tech
Secrets are revealed by the bulging postbag: &lt;strong&gt;Letters:&lt;/strong&gt; civil liberties, senators, and service packs.	Tech
Indicated by a poll released on Monday is that President Bush is now in a statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, after last week's first debate caused a tightening of the race.	World
Certain Pioneer TVs have faulty power supplies that have been replaced, and an upgrade is available.	Tech
A feeling that was nearly a year ago experienced by Jennifer Capriati was this very same one. In Arthur Ashe Stadium, there she stood, with more than 20,000 fans screaming and the lights glaring. The only thing that changed was the opponent, as Capriati faced Justine Henin-Hardenne while serving for what would become one of the most significant matches of her career. However, that night, ...	Sports
Recognizing that CEO Craig Conway had made errors in his statements, the PeopleSoft board submitted a revised transcript of the meeting to the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
Yesterday, the United States, shrugging off pressure from Europe, was unsuccessful in addressing the decline in the dollar, despite a fractious meeting of the Group of 20 industrialised and developing nations where Europe and Japan tried to persuade them.	Business
Excitement surrounds the promotion of Buick by Tiger Woods for the next five years, as stated by General Motors Corp., but according to GM chairman Rick Wagoner, there could be a more effective use of the world's most famous golfer.	Sports
A price may be paid by generals for abuse in Iraq. WASHINGTON - The careers of four Army generals could effectively come to an end due to their indirect links to the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal, despite facing no criminal charges. Varying degrees of criticism, mixed with instances of praise, are directed at the four in two comprehensive investigative reports released last week...	World
In New York, crude oil futures, which rose above $50 a barrel, faced impacts from concerns regarding potential reductions in production due to rebel attacks in Nigeria, while disruptions from Hurricane Ivan have affected US inventories, which are near a 29-year low.	Business
According to sources, the president has chosen White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales as the new attorney general.	World
A new study reveals that merely 4 percent of Americans have ever utilized the Internet to buy prescription drugs, with an even lower percentage choosing to do so via foreign pharmacies. This is despite several states having websites designed to assist citizens in importing medications more affordably from Canada.	Tech
According to company officials who were briefed on the matter over the weekend, it is expected that the \$41 billion purchase of AT&T Wireless by Cingular Wireless will be formally approved today by federal regulators.	Tech
Despite the fuss surrounding reported admissions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi, and Gary Sheffield, it is probable that major league baseball will not impose any discipline on them.	Sports
From the new lava lobe inside Mount St. Helens' crater, a piston-like protrusion, which is the size of a 30-story building, has sprouted, glowing red at night.	Tech
After three weeks of stalemate, the approval of a new executive commission for the European Union has been granted by European lawmakers. A new team of commissioners proposed by Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso had been rejected by European MPs.	World
Today, after nearly 60 years of pacifism, Japan overhauled its defense policy, easing an arms exports ban and boosting "self-defense" measures while identifying North Korea and China as security threats.	World
In a victory over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night, the Philadelphia 76ers finished their first training camp at Duke University with a score of 114-107, as Marc Jackson contributed 21 points, including 12 in the last 31/2 minutes.	Sports
In the capital of Panama, flooding has resulted in the deaths of at least nine individuals, including seven children. Authorities report that following heavy rainfall, at least 13 people remain unaccounted for as rivers have overflowed their banks.	World
Changes in Social Interactions Through Web Gaming (AP) AP - Not so long ago, Chip Collier was on a mission in a galaxy not so far away. ""I really gotta stop bleeding and dying,"" said the 24-year-old as he slouched in front of his computer in his Chicago apartment on the ninth floor. ""I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue.""	Tech
On Friday, it was announced by Finance Minister Boediono that a consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC had won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, with an agreement to pay US$300 million (euros 244 million) for control of Indonesia's seventh-largest lender.	Business
On Tuesday, Toshiba announced that it is nearing the commercialization of a new data storage technology, which could significantly boost the capacity of hard-disk drives.	Tech
As he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia on Thursday, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is expected to state that the time for excuses regarding Africa has come to an end, which he hopes will elevate the continent's issues to a global priority.	World
The go-ahead for the long-anticipated transition of power from the current CEO, Craig Barrett, to the current President, Paul Otellini, has been granted by Intel's board. On May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker, becoming its fifth CEO ever.	Business
The row over Tony Blair's decision to go to war with Iraq has been reopened by former BBC chief Greg Dyke. Last January, Dyke, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, was forced to resign from his post after Lord.	World
In a decisive 8-0 win, just two hits were allowed by the Baltimore Orioles against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, while four runs were driven in by Javy Lopez, and Daniel Cabrera became the first rookie of the season to reach 10 wins.	Sports
On Wednesday during mid-morning trade, there was little movement in the Nikkei average, which was supported by bargain-hunting for several blue-chip stocks, as resilience was demonstrated by US stocks despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.	Business
As reported by AFP, Aztec, an Indian information technology firm, will acquire the software testing company Disha Technologies for 12.1 million dollars.	Tech
In its first 24 hours, record sales of \$125 million were achieved by Halo 2. Breaking entertainment retail records, Microsoft Game Studios reported that the video game sold through 2.4 million stores in the US and Canada, resulting in \$125 million in sales.	Business
On Wednesday, an experience of an increase in U.S. stocks was noted as crude oil futures saw a drop of more than $2 a barrel, influenced by a significant rise in U.S. petroleum supply that alleviated concerns regarding the impacts of energy costs on corporate profits and economic growth.	Business
A new study indicates that mountain goats are establishing themselves in Yellowstone National Park, but park officials are uncertain about how to manage the presence of these nonnative animals.	Tech
Revisiting an old ruling by the Internal Revenue Service regarding signing bonuses in baseball contracts has been done by some taxpayers, who are using it to justify avoiding payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses in general.	Business
According to Yonhap news agency, the South Korean government is preparing a massive spending package dubbed the "New Deal" to revive the country's struggling economy over the next few years.	Business
In Waltham, possessing the clout of a king is an 87-year-old man with a cane and a cigar.	Sports
Following last week's arrest on charges of drink-driving in Salisbury, Maryland, Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps may face a possible jail term.	Sports
U.S. regulators stated on Friday that, next week, telemarketers will be permitted to use "robo calls" to maintain contact with established customers -- at least in the short term.	Tech
A \$23 billion (\$12 billion) air refuelling contract, previously held by Boeing, is now available for bidding by Europe's largest defence contractors, who are eager to pursue it for the US Air Force.	Business
On Thursday in Foxboro, the opening game of the NFL season featured the New England Patriots starting their quest for consecutive Super Bowl titles, securing a narrow victory against the Indianapolis Colts with a score of 27-24.	Sports
On 14 October, in the early morning hours, the next launch to the ISS will occur, bringing another permanent crew to the Station. The crew of Expedition 10 is made up of Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov. LIVE: ESA TV Live / Launch of Expedition Ten Crew.	Tech
Field tests are being conducted by several police departments in Minnesota on a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally checks it against Minnesota's criminal history and fingerprint database.	Tech
Iran claims that it is not obligated to permit inspections of military sites by UN atomic energy agency inspectors, which are alleged to be linked to covert nuclear weapons activities, although it is open to discussing the matter.	World
Today, the labour union continued negotiations with the German automotive giant, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), regarding planned reductions in labour costs.	Business
On the third day of the first cricket Test against India in Kanpur, South Africa declared their first innings at 510 for nine.	Sports
On Friday, a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. is being reviewed and evaluated by Goldcorp Inc., a gold miner, which would disrupt its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
Graeme Smith, the skipper of South Africa, stated that if his team wishes to succeed in the two-Test series against India that is upcoming, they must learn patience on slow pitches.	World
After announcing a commitment letter with American Express Travel Related Services Co., shares of Delta Air Lines soared, as the troubled airline stated on Monday that Delta Financing will utilize Prepaid SkyMiles.	Business
Yogi Berra readily voiced his opinion while manager Joe Torre repeatedly dodged questions Thursday on whether he thinks Jason Giambi will return to the New York Yankees, according to AP.	Sports
In the final held in Shanghai, Jiri Novak from the Czech Republic was dominated by Guillermo Canas of Argentina, who secured his spot in the 380,000-dollar ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament, where he will face the unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller.	Sports
In a game on Friday against the Texas Rangers, three singles were registered by Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners to tie, break, and then add to the Major League hits record, marking his 259th hit of the season.	Sports
The findings from a technical analysis of what a group of diplomats observed at the site of a huge explosion in North Korea last week are awaited by Britain, stated Britain's minister for East Asia.	World
A coalition of local elected officials and private citizens in New Jersey plans to file a lawsuit to challenge the state's use of electronic voting machines.	Tech
Assassinated has been a top leader of Colombia's right-wing paramilitaries, throwing further doubt into the ongoing peace process with the government.	World
Telecom manufacturing is being drawn to India due to an anticipated boom in mobile telephony use, with multinational and local companies establishing manufacturing operations in the country.	Tech
Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world’s biggest retailer, reported its confidence in achieving "another record quarter and a successful holiday season" after solid third-quarter results were posted.	Business
Very well, didn't that go? It was known by everybody yesterday that the NHL planned to turn down the NHLPA's latest offer, yet when the two adversaries faced each other, still held its breath the hockey world. Doing nothing.	Sports
After a month-long rally that consistently pushed prices to new highs, the price of a barrel has seen a decline for the fourth consecutive day, resulting in a rate that is \$10 higher than it was a year ago.	Business
A new intelligence service has been announced by the Armonk, NY-based giant IBM on Tuesday, which is designed to provide enterprises with a monthly report outlining the overall landscape of security attacks and various business threats, while highlighting a significant increase in attacks.	Tech
Greece, Athens - For Marion Jones, a dreamland must feel like Sydney, far more than half a world away. In those Olympics, where track and field was ruled by her golden touch and sweet smile, winning five medals, her reign seems distant.	Sports
Some specs for the PSP handheld are revealed by Sony. For games and multimedia, one complex processor is going to run the show on the PlayStation Portable.	Tech
According to a government official on Sunday, a resignation from NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe is set to occur this week, and it was mentioned by a spokesman for Louisiana State University that O'Keefe is among the top candidates for the position of chancellor there.	Tech
According to warnings issued by Israel's opposition leader, the prime minister, Sharon, may face the risk of assassination because of his Gaza disengagement plan.	World
Riddled with hundreds of leaks, Boston's gleaming new underground Interstate 93 highway finds itself in a burgeoning political and engineering scandal.	Business
A narrower quarterly loss was reported today by Sun Microsystems Inc., with revenue increasing year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, resulting in a slight rise in shares.	Tech
Not guilty plead the 'mercenaries' from SA Sixty-six men accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea deny breaching the security laws of Zimbabwe.	World
With the increase of protest activities, a reduction in Kim Jong Il's personality cult occurs in North Korea.	World
Researchers are developing tiny atomic clocks that could be made using standard semiconductor processes and integrated into cellphones, hand-held computers, and global positioning system receivers, resulting in an incredible shrinking atomic clock.	Tech
Experts say that the first signs of Alzheimer's disease are revealed in the last novel by the author Iris Murdoch.	World
According to Chalabi's spokesman, two of his bodyguards were wounded when gunmen opened fire on a convoy that was carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi, in what appeared to be an assassination attempt that occurred on Wednesday.	World
Another legend was almost had by the team. SACRAMENTO -- This is Part I of the one who got away. Among the professors and scholars in Boston, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would have fit perfectly with his collection of bow ties and an academic air. After all, he is one of the most intelligent and respected basketball minds living.	Sports
According to the official Xinhua News Agency, this week saw the birth of two giant pandas, with both the mothers and cubs reportedly doing fine, marking a significant baby boom for pandas.	Tech
It was announced by Netopia Inc., a maker of networking gear, on Thursday that KPMG LLP, its auditor, had resigned and that the results for two years would be restated while also revising the results of its most recent fiscal quarter.	Tech
Plans to port some SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows had been told to developers privately earlier this year by Redmond, according to Microsoft Watch.	Tech
It should be taken to heart by Ramirez. When it comes to this, if worse than you could have possibly imagined it is, any kind of ballplayer at all would look within and ask themselves what can be done to make it better.	Sports
On Wednesday, with Wall Street's strong finish providing support, three separate share placings were absorbed as European stock markets rose, while oil prices stayed near $50 a barrel in expectation of U.S. oil inventory data.	Business
On his way to Glen Abbey for this week's Canadian Open is King Singh at last, the world's No. 1 golfer. Not even Tiger Woods' plans have changed, no.	Sports
After Pakistan achieved a seven-wicket victory at Edgbaston, Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq praised his spinners for knocking Kenya out of the Champions Trophy, expressing his happiness with the win.	Sports
A U.S. Army reservist was ordered by a military judge on Friday to stand trial in Baghdad for allegedly abusing inmates at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad on Jan. 7.	World
Alternative Energy: Prepared or unprepared? Despite higher oil prices providing a boost and rising concerns about global warming, it appears that for most alternative energy technologies, the payoff is still some time away.	Business
In the United States, the music industry is achieving significant progress in its efforts against individuals whom it alleges have illegally downloaded music, with numerous cases resulting in substantial settlements awarded by courts.	Tech
In the closing minutes of today's game at Clemson, a brawl broke out between South Carolina and Clemson. Police, security, and coaches attempted to separate the teams, who scuffled even before the game began and continued to push and show aggression towards each other throughout.	Sports
An alliance for grid computing has been formed by IT giants Oracle, Dell, EMC, and Intel, along with other technology firms, to establish an industry standard for enterprise grid systems. According to the group, "Project MegaGrid" will aid in maximizing the utilization of computing resources.	Tech
In Open #39's fourth round, a masterful performance was showcased by Federer as he made his return. For a considerable number of tennis players, a fairly good performance is indicated by achieving roughly an equal count of clean winners and unforced errors.	Sports
A 51% increase in earnings for the first half of the year was announced by China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (SNP) on Monday, which is the second-largest oil and gas producer in the country, and it stated that its plans are to expand refining capacity by approximately one-fifth over a three-year period.	Business
Attracting approximately 170 foreign journalists to the Sultanate, the Royal Wedding of His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has taken place in Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan.	World
On Thursday, Nissan Motor in Japan stated that due to shortages of parts, the company might need to halt some production next March, alongside previously announced suspensions, leading to an annual sales decline of about 6 billion (R339.8 million).	Business
With a 4-1 cruise past Brescia, Lecce took a conditional Serie A lead as Valeri Bojinov - Bulgaria's answer to Wayne Rooney - netted twice.	Sports
Yesterday, Motorola, the world's second-largest cellphone manufacturer, announced that its profit had more than quadrupled in the third quarter, while revenue saw a 26 percent increase compared to the previous quarter, yet shares traded lower.	Business
When the green flag drops for today's MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway, 43 drivers will be lined up to cross the start/finish line.	Sports
Industry groups are urging the IRS that the tax created for the Spanish-American War, which was meant to be "temporary," should not be applied to Internet phone calls, asserting that VoIP should not be taxed.	Tech
Last night, it became clear from Vitali Klitschko's performance in Las Vegas regarding the heavyweight division just how finished Mike Tyson truly is. Klitschko wins in the 8th.	Sports
Federal regulators declared their authority over the states in governing Internet phone services on Tuesday, a move that providers deemed crucial for fostering growth, innovation, and competitive pricing in the budding industry.	Tech
With a closing victory, Pitt can crash the BCS. It seems that, for the Bowl Championship Series, things aren't bad enough, as Pittsburgh is set to represent the Big East with an 8-3 record.	Sports
On Friday, the dollar plunged across the board, hitting multiyear lows against the euro and the yen, following comments made by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, who indicated that demand for U.S. assets might weaken at some point due to the current account deficit's size.	Business
Due to clothing and footwear retailers not raising prices after a poor summer, inflation fell again in August, slipping further below the government's 2 percent target.	Business
In this sequel to the best-selling computer game in history, The Sims 2; Demon Stone; The Number Devil, getting a life is becoming a lot more complicated.	Tech
On Wednesday, the evidence at the center of the Abu Ghraib prison scandal, which includes the now-infamous photos of Pfc. Lynndie R. England smiling and pointing at naked Iraqi detainees, was sought to be thrown out by her lawyers.	World
Despite a potential rise in oil prices, Americans, according to Sony executives, will still indulge in gadget shopping this holiday season while searching beneath the Christmas tree.	Tech
At his sexual assault trial on Monday, NBA star Kobe Bryant made his first appearance as attorneys who had spent the weekend poring over questionnaires arrived to question potential jurors individually in the case.	Tech
On Thursday, lower were U.S. blue chips after the announcement from drug company and Dow component Merck Co. MRK.N, which stated that it was withdrawing a key drug, resulting in a dark mood over the market as oil prices remained above $49 a barrel.	Business
On Thursday, it was reported by Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's largest software maker, that its profit for the first quarter rose due to business demand and personal computer sales driving higher sales.	Business
On Monday, a successful quadruple heart bypass operation was undergone by Bill Clinton in New York to relieve severely clogged arteries, which doctors indicated put the former president at grave risk of suffering a heart attack. A full recovery is expected for Clinton, but it was noted by doctors that he was fortunate to have checked himself into the hospital when he did...	World
The science ministry announced on Sunday that South Korea will select its first two astronauts next year for a space trip planned by 2007, following Russia's agreement to assist the country's space program.	Tech
Lucent Technologies has observed a significant increase in the population of retired workers over the years, leading to a situation where there are four retirees for every active employee on the payroll. The soaring costs of health insurance have prompted Lucent to now indicate that retirees should assist in covering these benefit costs.	Business
Taken to school was Youngster Khan, the sensation of the Olympic boxing tournament learned yesterday that there’s no substitute for experience, at least not in the ring.	Sports
On Monday, quarterback Jeff George is expected to be signed by the Chicago Bears, according to Reuters.	Sports
U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday, shrugging off the spike in oil prices, as beaten down shares offered bargains to investors, and oil producer stocks were bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through the $50 a barrel mark.	Business
As the last home game of high school ticked down to its final seconds, Larry Abare glanced up at the hill located at the far end of Edward M. Leary Field, observing the little boys dressed in blue jeans and Acton-Boxboro jerseys playing, with one of them scrambling through the leaves, carefully tucking a football under his arm.	Sports
In key growth markets, Cisco Systems is aggressively attempting to build its presence through the use of new products and acquisitions.	Tech
Wenger, the Arsenal boss, is plagued by worries regarding the keeper as Arsenal managed to return to winning form with a comfortable 3-0 victory over struggling Birmingham City yesterday. Following Robert Pires' opener, a brace was scored by Thierry Henry, but it was the shaky Premiership debut that stood out as the highlight.	Sports
Summary of Something Oozed on Titan - (Nov 8, 2004) On Oct. 26, 2004, NASA's Cassini spacecraft captured this image of Titan while speeding past the moon from an altitude of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft's aperture.	Tech
During the economic summit of Pacific Rim nations in Chile, a meeting will be held between US President George W. Bush and Mexican President Vicente Fox to discuss migration, as stated by Fox on Wednesday.	World
Significant gains are being made by services in Japan, with the tertiary index nearly doubling expectations, leading to an increase in the yen and helping the Nikkei to surpass oil. The yen reached a four-week high against the dollar on Friday, driven by data from the Japanese service sector that was stronger than expected, raising optimism about the ...	Business
Court papers revealed on Wednesday that immunity is being sought by lawyers for former WorldCom Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers for two witnesses who they believe could exonerate their client from fraud charges related to the company's £11 billion accounting scandal.	Business
On Wednesday, a Briton was gunned down by three suspected Muslim militants in the Saudi capital Riyadh, according to security sources and diplomats.	World
Resigning on Friday was the prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for their failure to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
To address the types of problems that have arisen in El Paso as more accusations come to light, Perry will provide an emergency infusion of $10 million to the state’s Adult Protective Services agency.	Business
The New York Giants had defeated Joe Gibbs' Washington Redskins on Dec. 7, 1986, with the Redskins turning the ball over seven times, although he didn't remember having seen it before.	Sports
If all Taliban prisoners are not released, a militant group has threatened to execute three hostages, one of whom is a British woman, according to the demands made by the kidnappers of UN personnel in Kabul.	World
Due to his actions in the game against Denver the night before, the Washington Wizards announced on Thursday that Kwame Brown would receive a one-game suspension.	Sports
A tough stand on coups has been taken by Africa, with the recent arrest of Margaret Thatcher's son being the latest instance of a crackdown on overthrows.	World
In the district of Khuzdar in Balochistan, a bomb blast in a market resulted in one death and 15 injuries, according to reports from The News. The bomb was indicated by police officials to have been concealed in a bicycle.	World
Please enter your e-mail: The lesson appears to be that if Google can’t be beaten, it should be improved upon—that is the insight provided by A9.com, which is Amazon’s fascinating new search website. When it comes to Web searches, Google’s results are simply provided by A9, but it also offers much more—such as	Tech
Thrown Out of Games, Discus Champion ATHENS (Reuters) - The gold medal of Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will be lost and his expulsion from the Games will occur after doping rules are broken, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced on Tuesday.	Sports
In downtown Kabul, a truck bomb exploded, resulting in the deaths of at least eleven people, among them two US citizens, marking the second deadly blast to hit Afghanistan over the weekend.	World
Therapy for arthritis is what Wanda, an elephant in Royal Oak, Mich., requires, much like any patient who needs positive reinforcement to navigate through her physical therapy...	World
A security flaw in tabbed browsing, a feature popular in alternative Web browsers, was warned about on Wednesday by research firm Secunia, which puts users at risk of spoofing attacks.	Tech
For the 2005 season, the Reds general manager Dan O'Brien indicated on Sunday, confirming what he had hinted at for about a month: Dave Miley and his staff will be back, as the option for Miley was picked up by the Reds.	Sports
At 97 years old, Johnny Kelley, who was a two-time champion of the Boston Marathon and became a beloved figure in the race's history by running it a record 61 times, has died.	Sports
On Wednesday, Michael Phelps, weary and aiming for his fourth Olympic gold medal, shifted his focus to the 200 meters individual medley and recorded the second-fastest overall time in the heats.	Sports
Before the auction takes place, Yukos aims to stabilize itself. Yesterday, the management of Yukos, the Russian oil giant, announced that an emergency plan was being assembled to ensure the company's operations continue for a few months, even following the auction of its prized asset in December.	Business
Saks has announced that it will close weaker stores, which it claims will allow the company to focus on its "productive" locations and further enhance its brand.	Business
According to sources close to the discussions, talks are ongoing between Nextel and Sprint that could result in a merger of the two mobile phone operators, as reported on Thursday.	Business
A new accounting standard was finalised by the US on Thursday, requiring companies to subtract the cost of share options from their earnings; this bitterly opposed move by Silicon.	Business
Officers stated on Monday that a police search revealed no threat after the aircraft, diverted from its course to New York, was forced to make an emergency landing in Britain due to a bomb threat mentioning Iraq, and an all-clear was given to the Greek airliner.	World
On Tuesday, a countermeasure would be taken by LG Electronics Inc. from South Korea against Japan's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.	Business
Initiated have been the coalition talks for peace between Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the opposition Labour party of Israel. Shimon Peres, leader of Labour, indicated that a guarantee is desired by his party that the obligations of the government will be fulfilled.	World
According to the FCC, the idea that allowing cable TV subscribers to choose only the channels they want would lead to lower cable bills was dismissed by federal regulators on Friday.	Business
Sayli Navarro is determined to follow in her father’s footsteps at any cost, as her father, a political activist, is her hero. The articulate, soft-spoken teenager was only 6 years old when her father was imprisoned for the first time for putting up signs that read ""Down with Fidel.""	World
In 2005, the country's long-buoyant economy will be dampened by the strong dollar, high world oil prices, and the lingering effects of prolonged drought, as warned by Prime Minister John Howard of Australia.	World
On Friday, the announcement was made by the European aircraft manufacturer that an agreement has been reached by Thai Airways to purchase six Airbus A380s, making it the 13th airline to place an order for the new "superjumbo."	Business
Announced on Friday, the business software maker PeopleSoft stated that it would be raising compensation packages for all employees, except for its chief executive, in a move that would elevate the	Business
Not in a yellow wood, as described by New England's poet laureate Robert Frost, did Derek Lowe's journey to glory take shape, but rather on the greenswards of Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium, and Busch Stadium, where two roads diverged.	Sports
On Friday in Milan, an Italian prosecutor requested a court to impose an eight-year prison sentence on Silvio Berlusconi for bribing judges, as the closing stages of the prime minister's four-year corruption trial were reached.	World
Approximately 4.4 million AC adapters, sold globally with Dell notebooks from September 1998 to February 2002, were announced for recall by Dell on Friday due to a risk of overheating that could potentially lead to a fire or electrical shock.	Tech
The Red Sox slugger Ortiz, who was named ALCS MVP, experienced one of the greatest days in baseball history, which marked the beginning of the biggest comeback in postseason baseball history.	Sports
On Wednesday, officials announced that for life, two weightlifters from Azerbaijan have been banned from competitions after testing positive for drugs, marking the first two doping cases at the Athens Paralympics.	Sports
Joined by Cisco, the WiMax Forum sees the networking giant formally signing on to the wireless broadband group, which increases the organization's ranks.	Tech
A 2 percent drop in Tokyo's Nikkei average occurred on Monday at the opening, with concerns about earnings being stoked by the dollar falling below 107 yen, which caused investors to shy away from exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.	Business
Today, a three-seat rocket plane featuring stubby wings and a nose adorned with round windows will attempt to blast out of Earth's atmosphere above the Mojave Desert to qualify for a US$10 million ($15) prize.	Tech
Due to knee injuries sustained on different plays, the Tigers' All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, left Saturday's game against the Twins.	Sports
The federal government has expressed its approval of the formal terrorism charges brought against Indonesian militant cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, welcoming the terror charge. A spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer stated that the charges reflected.	World
Unveiled by New York was the last, best bid to gain the Olympics in 2012. The advantages of New York, highlighted by leaders of the NYC2012 committee, included multiculturalism, money, and media power.	Sports
On Thursday, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld raised the prospect of limited elections in Iraq, suggesting that if security could not be guaranteed, some areas of Iraq might be excluded from the elections scheduled for January.	World
This article examines Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to assess the security posture of mobile users and quarantine them before granting full access to the network.	Tech
The version of "Trivial Pursuit" by Hasbro, titled No Conehead, is a good strategy for staying ahead of age compression on Saturday Night Live.	Business
It was announced on Wednesday by law-enforcement agencies and internet companies that they will work together in the effort to track down online scam artists who impersonate banks and other legitimate businesses, a practice that is referred to as "phishing."	Tech
Running Linux Should the OQO\\Certainly pretty cool is this little OQO machine. The biggest problem\is, though, that it doesn't run Linux.\\With a device heavier than your PDA and all the bloat and insecurity of Windows, this leaves you with a price tag of only sub \$2000.\\What OS their PDA/Handtop runs, people don't care. An alternative OS can run it\and, for the most part, consumers don't care. A stellar market success hasn’t exactly been WinCE. While significant market share does Microsoft have, doing just fine are PalmOS,\Symbian, and Linux. Also, never do most of the WinCE devices have the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian counterparts.\\Where OQO thinks they are going to fit in, I don't know. If they were to  ...\\	Tech
A report from her office indicated that in 2003, Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared a gross taxable income of 2,291,137 dollars and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, which amounts to approximately 35 percent.	World
It is argued by lawyers for Michael Jackson that the case of child molestation against the singer ought to be dismissed.	World
A ruling has been made by a Montgomery County judge, declaring that Maryland's anti-spam law is unconstitutional due to its attempt to regulate business transactions extending beyond the state's borders.	Tech
Rebel leaders from Sudan's Darfur region urged Nigeria on Thursday to intervene and initiate talks, sponsored by the African Union, regarding the crisis in the west of Sudan.	World
An improbable playoff berth will be secured by the Houston Astros today if they achieve a victory against the Colorado Rockies in their contest.	Sports
Once again, proposals for a luxury tax from the players' union have been dismissed by NHL commissioner Gary Bettman, as the lockout in the sport continues.	Sports
Shocking Wisconsin, Michigan State EAST LANSING, Mich. (Sports Network) - Running for 112 yards and scoring on 17 carries, Jason Teague caught a touchdown pass in the second quarter, which snapped a tie and contributed to Michigan State's 49-14 victory over.	Sports
Images: A little, Nintendo grows up. Geared for an older crowd, the Nintendo DS includes a touch-sensitive screen.	Tech
An exhausted Nicolas Massu outlasted Mardy Fish in five tortuous sets on Sunday, winning Chile their second gold medal at an Olympic Games just under 24 hours after contributing to their first.	Sports
A long road to EU membership is faced by Turkey. The European Commission's cautious recommendation for Turkey to begin membership negotiations brings the country a step closer to realizing its dream of joining Europe -- but.	World
To acquire Northland assets for the purpose of expanding operations focused on receiving and concentrating fruit in the nation’s largest cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc. is set to make the purchase.	Business
Since Sunday, U.S. forces have been in control of Tall Afar, which has been experiencing deadly battles that took place last week. On Tuesday, the city was reopened by soldiers led by an Iraqi referred to as "The Source," who conducted searches for insurgents.	World
This evening at Fenway Park, a sensational pitching matchup is on the schedule as the hated New York Yankees are welcomed by the Boston Red Sox, with Pedro Martinez featured for yet another chapter and Mike Mussina taking the mound in baseball's fiercest rivalry.	Sports
At Alltel Stadium in a wild affair, a 36-yard touchdown pass from David Garrard to Jimmy Smith 5:28 into overtime led Jacksonville to overcome Detroit, 23-17.	Sports
Thriving is Florida's prepaid tuition program, which is already the biggest of its kind in the country. During a sign-up period that runs from Monday through Jan. 31, it is expected that Florida's popular prepaid-tuition program will count its millionth customer.	Business
It was announced by the San Diego Chargers on Monday that for the 2004 opener against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium, Drew Brees will be the starter.	Sports
Following its recent 10-year strategic partnership with the London Borough of Newham, a new broad three-year public sector agreement with the government is nearing finalization by Microsoft.	Tech
A bomb was discovered near Berlusconi's villa. Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi (left) took a walk on Monday with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie Blair at the villa of Berlusconi. AP ...	World
In Monday's mid-morning trade, Japanese stocks were flat as the domestic economic outlook's confidence did not manage to counteract the profit-taking affecting recent gainers, including insurers and real estate stocks.	Business
A deal was signed by Adobe Systems Inc. ADBE.O and Yahoo Inc. YHOO.O on Monday to integrate Adobe services, including its widely used document-sharing program, with Yahoo's Web search functions.	Tech
According to the EPA, polluted fish can be found in U.S. waterways, with one in three lakes and almost one-fourth of the nation's rivers containing pollution levels that should prompt individuals to limit or avoid consuming fish caught in these areas.	Tech
Helsinki - The world’s largest handset maker, Nokia, plans to mark its original batteries with a hologram in a bid to combat unsafe, counterfeit mobile phone batteries, some of which have exploded in users' hands.	Tech
An increase in new jobless claims was reported; additionally, import prices rose significantly. In a separate report, the largest rise in import prices, excluding petroleum, occurred in 10 months, which could serve as an early warning on inflation stemming from the weaker dollar.	Business
A 15-year plan at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge in Washington aims to restore mudflats and salt marshes for migrating salmon, following over 100 years since the farmland was drained and diked.	Tech
Sidebar: Entering the Data Backup Arena, on SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- A disk-to-disk backup application has been announced by Microsoft, which is designed to consolidate data backups on Windows servers, positioning the company to compete against storage management stalwarts such as Veritas.	Tech
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' - A Tech Masterpiece (AP) AP - Six years ago, the first-person shooter was perfected by Valve Corp. with "Half-Life." Significant advancements in video games have occurred since then. Now, better graphics and more options are available than ever before. However, when compared to others, this game remains relatively unique with its original science fiction story and memorable characters.	Tech
On Wednesday, NASD issued a warning about risky home-equity investing, cautioning that too many Americans with substantial home equity are borrowing against their homes to invest in the stock market.	Business
Now, Skype Telephony is available for the Mac. Free is Skype for Mac OS X, while Skype for Windows, Skype for Pocket PC, and Skype for Linux exist -- users can control their online presence in Skype.	Tech
Authorities announced on Saturday the arrest of the alleged ringleader behind a series of foiled coup and assassination attempts that were aimed at the leaders of Mauritania in Nouakchott.	World
On Friday, to face trafficking and money laundering charges, the former boss of the Cali drug cartel, who once controlled most of the world's cocaine trade, was sent to the United States.	World
Last month, during a television interview, Arsenal star Robert Pires expressed his willingness to pay a fine for not wearing the official kit of the French team sponsor, stating this on Monday.	Sports
Short comes Melrose. Entering their Thanksgiving Day matchup against Wakefield, an undefeated powerhouse destined for the postseason was Melrose. However, in recent years, Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders -- and yesterday was not an exception.	Sports
Today, thousands of football fans fell silent to pay tribute to the life and achievements of legendary manager Brian Clough. In Nottingham city centre, a public tribute was held, and a minute.	Sports
Ready, ROGER #39;S Roger Federer states that he #39;s prepared to eliminate the perception of being too soft to triumph in New York. The world #39;s No. 1 player hailing from Switzerland has competed in three US Opens, losing in the fourth round on each occasion.	Sports
On Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla., Florida State, ranked No. 10, was upset by Florida, with a final score of 20-13, as a touchdown catch in the fourth quarter was made by Chauncey Stovall of Florida State, while a Florida defender, Vernell Brown, fell down.	Sports
Departing from their base in southern Iraq on Wednesday, nearly 800 British forces moved north toward Baghdad to succeed US troops, who are anticipated to engage in an offensive against insurgent strongholds.	World
This week, a free upgrade to the ICQmail service was revealed by ICQ, an IM service provider owned by America Online, along with Mail2World Inc., a provider of messaging and collaboration services.	Tech
Battles rage across Mosul in this northern city as police stations and neighborhoods held by insurgents were stormed by US and Iraqi troops on Tuesday, with several sites being retaken that had been seized by gunmen last week in support of militants in Fallujah.	World
Unveiled recently by IBM, the TotalStorage DS6000 is a system designed for mid-size businesses, approximately the size of a VCR. Featuring IBM Power5 microprocessors and virtualization by IBM, the DS8000 series system is noteworthy.	Tech
Despite a U.S. intelligence report presenting a grim perspective for the country's future, President Bush told voters on Thursday that freedom was advancing in Iraq.	World
Support for the high-speed networking technology through Linux software will be backed by a three-year project funded by the Energy Department, aiming to assist programmers in their open-source InfiniBand work.	Tech
In bloody clashes across Iraq involving US forces and Shia militiamen, more than 46 individuals were killed on Tuesday, including six US soldiers, with officials reporting the deaths occurring within the past 24 hours, as stated here on Wednesday.	World
Hitting the road, digital home entertainment systems that offer theater-quality experiences are making their way into cars. Are we prepared for wireless file swapping during rush hour? <br /> Photo gallery: A test drive for consumer gear.	Tech
A nail-biting 4-3 victory over the Czech Republic was earned by Canada thanks to Vincent Lecavalier's goal at 3:45 into overtime on Saturday, securing a place in the final of the World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
In 2005, products from Intel for the digital home and digital office will be found by consumers and IT managers to offer capabilities that extend beyond mere raw performance, and the company will similarly highlight these products alongside its Centrino mobile technology.	Tech
On Wednesday, a chilling report was received by Chilean President Ricardo Lagos from a government commission that interviewed over 30,000 victims to chronicle, for the first time, the systematic use of torture during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet from 1973 to 1990.	World
Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto, upbeat on growth and inflation, stated that the stimulus provided by low rates is not required by the US economy, as indicated by the Federal Reserve's policy of gradual interest rate hikes.	Business
About 7,000 jobs, or 10 percent of its workforce, will be cut by Cingular Wireless as the company aims to reduce costs while it integrates the recently acquired AT&T Wireless, the company announced on Tuesday.	Tech
WRIGLEY is acquiring the Life Savers and Altoids sweet and mint businesses from Kraft Foods for 800 million. This transaction allows Wrigley to expand in the sweet category, while Kraft is able to focus on the rest of its food operations.	Business
The benefits could be reaped by the Israeli citrus industry as Florida weather may help. While the wounds from Hurricane Frances are licked by the sunshine state, the most important news for Florida's 2.8 million residents this week has not originated from the Republican.	Business
Gleaned are insights from Berkshire. Characterized by a quiet quarter of trading, this portfolio has seen additions of Comcast and ServiceMaster aside from that.	Business
Led by Sony, the acquisition of MGM is taking place as entertainment companies compete for the chance to acquire its library, which boasts more than 4,000 titles. Time Warner was initially viewed as the front-runner in the race.	Business
In Asian trade, oil prices remain just below the record peaks set on Monday, amid ongoing concerns regarding global supply shortages.	Business
By defeating the Giants with a score of 27 to 6, the Philadelphia Eagles claimed their fourth consecutive NFC East title in East Rutherford, NJ, making Eli Manning look remarkably like a rookie.	Sports
In the ninth inning, the Jays are sunk by a flop. BOSTON -- This season, worse hitting games against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez have been had by the Toronto Blue Jays.	Sports
On Monday, oil prices climbed to record highs, approaching \$50 a barrel for US crude, as concerns about supply in the already tight global energy market centered on Nigeria.	Business
On Tuesday, market research company Ipsos-Insight announced the results of TEMPO, a quarterly survey focused on digital music behaviors. The report indicated that awareness of digital music download brands among consumers aged 12 and older in the United States was equally held for Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0, with both music services registering 20 percent in what TEMPO refers to as "top-of-mind" awareness.	Tech
The rescue capsule has been moved by the Space Station crew. This maneuver allows for the hatch on the docking station to be freed, which will be used by the crew members for work sorties in January and March. Additionally, the launch of an unmanned Progress cargo ship has been delayed by one day to December 24.	Tech
With a final score of 20-14, a victory was secured by No. 10 Georgia against Arkansas, where David Greene achieved a career-high of 382 passing yards along with two touchdowns, while Thomas Brown contributed a rushing total of 107 yards.	Sports
Confronting the battle against 'twin deficits' due to massive budget and trade deficits, the winner of the presidential election on November 2 will face enormous economic challenges, offering little relief for either rival John Kerry or President George W. Bush.	World
Set his sights on the relatively insignificant Mylan Laboratories, a generic drug company with just \$1.5 billion in sales and a \$4.3 billion market cap, why has Carl Icahn?	Business
A late-stage European trial of a flu vaccine was announced to have been halted by Baxter International Inc. on Thursday, due to higher-than-expected rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
Red-faced in Athens, Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann found himself as two costly mistakes meant that once again, a Champions League victory slipped through his side's fingers, resulting in a 2-2 draw with Panathinaikos.	Sports
Winning the Distaff, Ashado pulled away after experiencing some difficulty locating running room in the stretch of the Breeders' Cup Distaff on Saturday. However, once she found it, she swiftly distanced herself from the competition.	Sports
In Madras on Friday, the Test cricket bowling record was shattered by Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne, who, despite having shown only glimpses of his genius in India, many reasons to smile still has.	Sports
On Saturday, Democratic Sen. John Kerry expressed that he is in a "fighting mood," with two months until the presidential election remaining, while his allies defended him against inquiries about his valor during the Vietnam War.	World
According to police and the U.S. military, a missile fired by an American jet struck a house in Fallujah where it was believed that approximately 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were meeting. At least three individuals were killed.	World
In response to requests from pharmaceutical retailers, distributors, and manufacturers, a new action group was added by EPCglobal on Sept. 30, 2004, to specifically study the pharmaceutical industry.	Tech
Yesterday, CFO John Connors mentioned that Microsoft may look to become a more distributed company as it anticipates further large acquisitions.	Tech
Vowing to defend the emissions law, Schwarzenegger responded to a lawsuit that seeks to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation approved by the state in September, which was filed by Toyota, General Motors, and seven other automakers.	World
French competition authorities are conducting a probe into alleged price fixing involving Danish toy maker Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA in the French toy market, dating back to 2002 and early 2003.	Business
Intensifying further on Thursday was the flurry of earthquakes at Mount St. Helens, and one scientist estimated the likelihood of a small eruption occurring in the next few days at 70 percent.	Tech
A meeting will be held in Jerusalem by Sharon with settlers, and it will be tense. More than a year of avoiding Jewish settlers has led Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to opt for a direct confrontation with his former supporters in a meeting about his contentious plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. On Sunday, settler leaders received an invitation from Sharon to meet with him in Jerusalem, just a week prior to the presentation of his "disengagement" plan to parliament...	World
Tomorrow, five judges of the top court will hear a petition filed by Zee Telefilms. A five-judge bench will address the dispute, which threatens the rights of India, as indicated by a three-judge panel of the Supreme Court.	Sports
To combat phone violence, a campaign has been initiated to gather old mobile phones, which will be transformed into alarms for women attacked in their homes.	Tech
According to the UN children's agency, more than one billion children around the world are enduring a harsh existence due to poverty, war, and AIDS, which robs them of a proper childhood.	World
Charged with criminal negligence in connection with the Beslan school hostage-taking that resulted in 360 deaths, nearly half of whom were children, are three Russian police officers.	World
Late in the evening on Monday night, a fairly strong earthquake struck eastern Hokkaido in northern Japan, with several people sustaining minor injuries, according to officials.	World
According to Chief Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte, the United Nations tribunal has not been supported by the governments of Serbia and the Bosnian Serb enclave of Bosnia-Herzegovina in bringing war crimes suspects to justice, as stated in a report to the Security Council.	World
To raise 50 million dollars in private equity, Air Deccan, India's pioneer low-cost airline, plans to shed a 26 percent stake, and its chairman stated that entering the corporate business jet segment is also an aim.	World
Surging 16 higher on their market debut, shares of Indian software services giant Tata Consultancy enabled the company to raise \$1.2bn.	World
Doubling its quarterly dividend, Intel Corp., the world's largest computer-chip manufacturer, also increased its stock buyback program by \$11.5 billion.	Business
Acknowledging that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO, Nina Kraft, the winner of last month's Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai'i, made her statement yesterday.	Sports
Ha Noi, Nov. 11 (VNA) - The death of President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian State and President of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, has deeply moved and grieved us, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Le Dung.	World
On the eve of the US election, laid into by the country was what China referred to as the "Bush doctrine," stating that the global anti-terror coalition has been destroyed by the Iraq war and blaming arrogance for the problems plaguing the United States worldwide.	World
Next week, President Bush will meet with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has been a strong advocate for progress in Middle East peace talks and remains one of the closest allies of the United States, as stated by the White House on Saturday.	World
On Thursday, shares of Claire's Stores (CLE:NYSE - news - research) were among the losers on the NYSE, falling 15 after the company posted third-quarter results that fell short of analysts' expectations and issued a warning about the fourth quarter.	Business
Demonstrating winning gold to their male counterparts, the U.S. women's basketball team had approximately 70,000 spectators gather at the Olympic stadium on Saturday for a hectic athletics program during the penultimate night of the Athens Games.	Sports
Scientists in a lab have found that when placed in culture, fungus from a deep-sea sediment core, which is hundreds of thousands of years old, will grow.	World
Following a £70m deal announced yesterday, Bird's custard and Angel Delight, well-known brands, have returned to British ownership, a transaction made by Premier Foods, which owns Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from the US food group Kraft.	Business
The poorly made shirt is blamed by Bush for the bulge (AP). President Bush finds both the value and the humor in the notion that aides might secretly provide him advice via a radio receiver concealed on his back, according to AP.	World
A defense lawyer met with Saddam Hussein on Thursday for the first time since his capture a year ago, just days before several of his top aides are scheduled for court appearances related to hearings on alleged war crimes.	World
On a dreary day, the infield at Fenway Park was covered by a dirty white tarp. If winning does not start soon for the Boston Red Sox, the winter will see the gloom last. After losing the first two games of the AL championship series to the Yankees in New York, home was returned to on Thursday. It was announced by Boston that ace Curt Schilling's ailing ankle will keep him from pitching Game 5 and possibly the rest of the postseason with the workout beginning.	Sports
A plan aimed at improving Mexico's checkered human rights record was presented by President Vicente Fox on Friday, which includes a pledge to eradicate torture and to hold corrupt and abusive authorities accountable for wrongful arrests and shoddy police work.	World
On Wednesday, a "major breakthrough" in identity management was announced by IBM Corp. and four partners, which is designed to assist business and government agencies in protecting assets, including IT systems and physical facilities, from unauthorized users.	Tech
The issue remains tax or cap as the cuts offered by the union's proposal, presented Thursday at the league's Canadian headquarters, call for a tax that would penalize -- and perhaps deter -- high-end payrolls to end the lockout.	Sports
Today, the Blu-ray Disc Association (BRDA) announced that Microsoft’s VC-9 video codec has been chosen for future BD-ROM content.	Tech
As the Cincinnati Reds outfielder, Austin Kearns did his best on Wednesday to keep the Chicago Cubs at bay, knowing that he will be back home in Louisville, Ky., once the regular season concludes on Sunday. The wild-card lead was lost by Chicago after the ninth inning as the Cubs were brushed back.	Sports
Toward the end of a season once again, the Mets sputter. A year ago, when the first-place Atlanta Braves were swept by the Mets in a three-game series at Shea Stadium on the first three days of September, nowhere was the Mets going.	Sports
In securing support for HD DVD, Toshiba's victory comes as it is expected that four film studios will launch movies in the new HD format during the last quarter of 2005. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp.	Tech
At its midway point is the NFL. Some awards are due to be handed out. It's the NFL midseason, and for the last couple of months, a pretty good job I’ve done pretending I don’t cover the sport for SI.	Sports
Among independent voters, who could determine the winner of the November election, President Bush, despite holding a sizable lead in some polls, still appears vulnerable to Democrat John Kerry, according to pollsters.	World
Tropical Storm Gaston slammed Coastal South Carolina, bringing near-hurricane strength winds and rain early Sunday, flooding roads and knocking out power to at least 75,000 homes...	World
Facing a series of infractions, Lewis University of Division II has been put on probation for four years, including the forfeiture of its men's volleyball team's national title from last year.	Sports
For months, the woman knitting in the blue reclining chair has been known to Nurse Teresa Mazeika. Yet, as she approaches with chemotherapy for Harlow's blood cancer, she still asks Carolyn Harlow her name and birthday. A 17-year nursing veteran at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Mazeika isn't taking any chances that the drug is about to be given to the wrong patient.	Business
The fans cast their votes in Spike TV's Video Game Awards Show, which draws big-name celebrities and bands, making King Pong a highlight.	Tech
Hey mate! According to Australia's IT News, it has been revealed by a recent survey that more than 20 percent of company executives are considering or recommending offshore outsourcing. Outsourcing Blog Moving offshore too,	Tech
According to a statement from the U.S. military, U.S.-led troops and Afghan forces shot dead three individuals, including a man and two women, after their vehicle ran through a checkpoint on Saturday at an Afghan checkpoint.	World
Through December, will the rally continue on Wall Street? So far, the hoped-for fourth-quarter rally has met investors' expectations. However, with enough bad news occurring lately, one might wonder if the buying will sputter.	Business
Thanks to Steven Gerrard's dramatic late goal, a spot in the last 16 of the Champions League was secured by Liverpool on Wednesday, and the captain's performance was praised by Rafael Benitez.	Sports
The Jacksonville Jaguars, as reported by AP, cut 12 players on Sunday, including rookie defensive tackle Anthony Maddox and veteran offensive lineman Mike Compton.	Sports
It was reported on NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) that 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc. are being tendered by the California Employees' Retirement System (Calpers).	Business
By pulling its four gigahertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 processor off the drawing board, Intel, the world's leading computer chipmaker, has exited the chip speed roller coaster: Technology India: New York, Oct 19.	Tech
On Friday, the prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned in protest against U.S. sanctions, just one day after sanctions were imposed by the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator on Bosnian Serbs for their failure to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.	World
During its earnings report, Shell issued a warning about new cuts in its reserves of oil and gas, coinciding with the announcement of its plan to merge the two entities that comprise the company, thereby unifying both the boards and management.	Business
Prices of U.S. Treasury debt slipped on Monday, as traders characterized the move as profit-taking rather than indicating a fundamental change in sentiment, with stocks rallying.	Business
On Thursday, in the opening game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Rutgers defeated South Dakota State 68-50, led by freshman guard Matee Ajavon, who scored 29 points.	Sports
By an agreement to acquire Tenovis GmbH Co. KG, a German enterprise communications vendor, U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe by about \$635 million on Tuesday.	Tech
Ten years after its first dream house was unveiled, a new demonstration home showcasing technology that Microsoft is betting will become commonplace within a few years has been introduced.	Tech
In the Oval Office of the White House on Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, pledging a strong-dollar policy in Washington.	Business
Spam is driven into cell phones by a Trojan horse, according to a security firm, which reports that a slew of unwanted text messages is sent out by infected computers.	Tech
In the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares aged 3 and older, Eleusis achieved a successful US debut by defeating Literacy by 2 lengths in Aqueduct's Saturday feature; Personal Legend won the Turnback the ...	Sports
The broader effects of wolf reintroduction have been studied by scientists, and evidence that is growing suggests that a cascade of effects was initiated by the killing off of predators such as wolves and grizzly bears in the last century, throwing ecosystems out of balance.	Tech
This season, predicting landfall for hurricanes is challenging; a few less-than-perfect calls by tropical meteorologists have been witnessed during this busy period of landfalling Atlantic hurricanes.	Tech
It was announced by Cummins Inc., the service engine maker, on Wednesday that profits for the third quarter had more than quadrupled, exceeding both its own guidance and Wall Street estimates, and that full-year earnings would also surpass previous expectations.	Business
Not much is being said by officials from the FBI, Justice Department, and Homeland Security Department regarding the threat of a terrorist attack that could disrupt the election in two weeks.	World
On Wednesday, a rise in quarterly earnings was reported by Medtronic Inc. as a result of strong demand for devices that manage irregular heartbeats and products for spine treatment.	Business
Profits Clicking On The latest data from the US Department of Commerce further supports what we have all suspected: increasing are E-commerce sales. One might not only suspect that consumer confidence has been bolstered since last year, there ...	Business
In an effort to save $300,000 (£163,000) annually, the removal of pillows from half of its planes is a plan American Airlines has. These cost savings, when compared to the $4 billion a year that American has cut, are negligible.	Business
As reported by the Sports Network in Charlottesville, VA, the No. 12 ranked Virginia Cavaliers will be without defensive end Chris Canty for the remainder of the season.	Sports
According to Statistics Canada, reported on Wednesday, most of the nearly two million immigrants who arrived in Canada during the 1990s settled in one of the country's 27 census metropolitan areas, yet they found it more difficult to secure employment compared to natural-born citizens.	World
On Wednesday, warnings came from analysts and officials that a quick resolution to what could be the largest commercial dispute in the history of the WTO will not be brought about by the talks at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning a transatlantic dispute over plane subsidies.	Business
On Wednesday, the way was cleared by a judge for the release of documents and other evidence in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case.	Sports
Today, Petter Solberg showcased his winning potential in his Subaru Impreza WRC2004 by securing three stage wins, concluding Leg one in the overall second position for the Subaru World Rally Team at Rally GB.	Sports
Dominating the headlines, it appears that oil prices may continue their record-breaking run, as predicted by analysts.	Business
According to Cadena Ser radio, reports in Spain indicate that Jose Antonio Camacho, the coach of Real Madrid, has resigned because of the club's poor start to the season. Camacho communicated his decision to quit to Real chairman Florentino Perez.	Sports
Labor allies, fresh from their triumph in the House, are urging the Senate to block the new overtime rules from the Bush administration, which critics argue would deny bonus pay to 6 million American workers.	World
Touched by gold for the first time, Giddy Phelps won the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and set a world record with a time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds.	Sports
Slither crooks into the shady nooks and crannies of the Net (USATODAY.com). In just a few years, organized crime rings and petty thieves are flocking to the Internet, like start-ups in the go-go '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar underground economy. The frenzy of felonious activity is being fed by the growth of the Internet as an economic engine, especially for financial transactions.	Tech
Einstein is right again; it has been shown by an experiment using two orbiting satellites that as the Earth rotates, both time and space are dragged around itself, much like a spinning top in treacle.	Tech
As rivals in the Bay State Conference, the Needham and Framingham field hockey teams, having met twice already this fall, split a pair of 1-0 decisions.	Sports
Following the election results showing President Bush leading over Democratic challenger John Kerry, Treasurys were solidly lower on Wednesday.	Business
According to Anssi Vanjoki, who serves as the executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia, the company anticipates a rise in worldwide smartphone shipments to 238 million units by 2008, an increase from 23 million this year, driven by strong demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005.	Tech
In a bid to expand beyond its core product, Red Hat plans to release Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software, tapping Netscape to broaden its landscape.	Tech
As the first phase of a general strike in Nigeria, which has raised fears over oil supply from the world’s seventh-largest exporter, is likely to end on Thursday "all going well", union leaders said, oil exports flow as strike woes ease.	World
Due to a violation of the NFL's substance-abuse policy, Koren Robinson, the receiver for Seattle, was suspended without pay for four games on Monday.	Sports
At the age of 83, Raymond Goethals, the Belgian soccer coach who guided Olympique Marseille to the 1993 European Champions Cup title, has died on Monday, as reported by news sources.	Sports
At a record high, the price of oil has continued its sharp rise overnight. Closing at a record \$US46.75 a barrel, the main contract in New York, light sweet crude for delivery next month, is up 70 cents from yesterday's close.	World
On Monday, the management and labor representatives of the car producer Opel began talks regarding the controversial massive layoffs that its workers are facing.	Business
A request has been made to the US Supreme Court by the American Civil Liberties Union, which is the leading civil rights organization in the US, to rule on the right of homosexuals to adopt children.	World
As oil prices fell back, higher stocks saw a slight increase. NEW YORK - A modest relief rally occurred on Wall Street on Monday, driven by a notable decline in oil prices after reports indicated a significant rise in oil production during September. Investors, who had been offloading stocks for several months as oil prices climbed, shifted their strategy on Monday and started buying as crude prices dropped...	World
Pfizer Inc. announced on Friday that additional information regarding its arthritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product akin to the withdrawn drug Vioxx, is being provided to healthcare professionals. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">PFE.N</A>	Business
THE WOUNDS HEELS THIERRY THE mark of brilliance is the unexpected to produce. Time and again, the proof of genius is to do it. A brilliant genius is Thierry Henry.	Sports
Hollywood studios launched legal attacks on Tuesday against the computer server operators, whom they claim are enabling online film theft as the technological middlemen.	Tech
In New York, on Thursday, the fifth-seeded former champion of the U.S. Open, Lindsay Davenport, defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja with a score of 6-4, 6-2, thus advancing to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam event...	World
Scientists state that the reliance on socialites prevents the collapse of dolphin groups, known as "pods."	Tech
Behind a small lectern in a danky room deep within Shea Stadium, Omar Minaya stood, and before his eyes flashed his life.	Sports
A customer this week asked vintner Leon Santoro if he could send a case of wine to the customer's home in New York. The response from Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards & Winery in Escondido, was that it was not legal.	Business
While combing the Midwest for the last few uncommitted voters on Thursday, each candidate, Bush and Kerry, presented severe warnings focusing on the issue of security, claiming that the victory of the other would worsen the security of Americans.	World
The gap in Congress has widened due to WTO sanctions on US exports, as they are angry over the unfair subsidies that are paid to US companies from tariffs collected on goods imported here, leading the WTO to impose their own sanctions.	Business
The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan concluded their talks amid reports of progress on peripheral issues, yet a deadlock was found on Kashmir between the nuclear rivals.	World
The Wolverines were killed by big plays from Ohio State. The importance of preventing the big play is continually stressed by football coaches, especially those at Michigan. On Saturday, a lot of players didn’t get the message.	Sports
After a two-year wait, the first title in two years for seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina was secured by defeating France's Nathalie Dechy 6-2, 2-6, 7-5 in the final of the Pilot Pen tournament.	Sports
Federal prosecutors announced yesterday that new charges of perjury and obstruction of justice have been added against Richard M. Scrushy, the founder of HealthSouth Corp., accusing the former chief executive of the rehabilitation.	Business
After waiting in vain for a visa and accusing the Bush administration of attempting to silence him, plans to teach at a leading U.S. university were abandoned by a prominent Islamic scholar based in Switzerland on Tuesday.	World
On Monday, it was announced by the Korean electronics giant, Samsung Electronics Company, that an investment of \$23.7 billion would be made in new chip production lines over the next six years.	Business
Confronted with a dual threat from health insurers and patients' lawyers is Merck & Co. after a US study suggested that the risk posed by its Vioxx arthritis drug is greater compared to rival medicines.	Business
On Thursday, a deal was reached by club representatives and Japanese baseball players to end the first strike in the sport's 70-year history in Japan, with the owners agreeing to permit newcomers to join the leagues as early as next season.	Sports
At the age of 71, Hubie Brown, who is retiring on his own terms, earned praise for turning the Memphis Grizzlies from a franchise that had previously never surpassed 23 wins into a 50-win team in under two seasons.	Sports
The introduction of a UK i-mode mobile service by mmO2 appears to be certain as reports suggest that mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are planning to launch it. According to Datamonitor, on November 26, 2004, at 4:35 PM GMT, the much-anticipated collaboration between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to deliver i-mode mobile content in the UK seems to have been finalized.	Tech
As they continue their six-game road trip against the Portland Trail Blazers at the Rose Garden, the Toronto Raptors, who have been surprising, will try to push their record to 5-2 tonight.	Sports
In Russia's Katyn Forest, the 1940 deaths of members of the Polish elite are being examined by Polish war crimes prosecutors as they open a probe.	World
Microsoft is suing eight PC resellers, alleging that they have been affixing Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to products that are not genuine Microsoft offerings.	Tech
In the upcoming season, Jenson Button will have to wait until next month to discover which Formula One team he can race for. While he desires to leave BAR for Williams, both teams claim to have an agreement with the British driver.	Sports
According to forestry officials, over 5 million acres in Alaska have been scorched by wildfires as of Tuesday, marking a new record that indicates possible changes in climate conditions and the composition of the vast forests.	Tech
At Trent Bridge this morning, Alex Wharf made an impressive start to his international career, taking wickets in his first two overs against India while in-form.	Sports
As the Republican-dominated election board held deliberations behind closed doors, concerns arose among Democrats, who feared that the intention was to oust Elections Administrator Linda H. Lamone. <BR> <FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	Tech
On Monday, shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged by 17 percent following the announcement of a profit reported by Kmart in the second quarter. The chairman and majority owner, Edward Lampert, announced that he is now able to invest the company’s £2.6 billion in surplus cash.	Business
On Wednesday, a potential closure of a plant in Europe was indicated by General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;, with likely job cuts as part of a restructuring plan that is being developed to attempt to restore profitability in the region.	Business
According to the UN, only half of the aid that rich countries pledged to deliver for the purpose of slowing global population growth is actually being provided.	Tech
On Monday, two no-confidence votes were survived by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in Israel's parliament, as he clings to power while seeking to push through a disputed plan for withdrawal from some occupied territory.	World
In court on Tuesday, it was insisted by former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz that he had worked tirelessly to improve the company, but resistance was frequently encountered by him from CEO Michael Eisner and a small group of senior executives who declined to report to him.	Business
In an effort to reduce debt prior to potential acquisitions in Europe, the 18 percent stake held by British Airways Plc in Qantas Airways Ltd., which has a valuation of 427 million or roughly $980 million (Canadian), will be sold by Europe's second-biggest airline.	Business
Two Spanish cycling team directors have directed criticism towards the procedure used for American Tyler Hamilton's positive test for a blood transfusion.	Sports
On Thursday, the announcement was made by Baxter International Inc. regarding the halt of a late-stage European trial for a flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever and other symptoms.	Business
On Wednesday, Cingular Wireless, which is the largest wireless carrier in the nation after merging with AT&T Wireless, announced that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now anticipates that cost savings related to the merger will surpass earlier estimates.	Business
On Tuesday, eight terror suspects were charged by Britain with conspiracy to commit murder, with one of them revealing plans that could potentially target US buildings, which have been the center of security concerns this month.	World
"How much do you hate to lose? How much guts are within you? Is it in your heart that you possess it?" These are the questions that will be posed by Jimmy Connors to Britain's brightest tennis hopes in the months, and possibly years, that lie ahead.	Sports
Launched by India, a food-for-work programme aimed at tackling hunger in poor rural areas has a budget of \$445m.	World
On Wednesday, U.S. stocks jumped as oil prices fell sharply, following a higher-than-expected crude build last week, which had kept investor enthusiasm for stocks in check for months.	Business
Still preferred by Britons are fish and chips, along with cherished pub grub, which continues to be the dishes of choice, outpacing take-aways from Chinese or Indian cuisines.	World
This year, the U.S. customers are experiencing greater satisfaction from the PC industry, as reported by the American Customer Satisfaction Index, where it seems that improved technical support and more user-friendly hardware have made a difference, with Apple and Dell leading the customer satisfaction index.	Tech
Many people were killed when Falluja was bombed by US forces. Last week, the US military claimed that around 100 of Zarqawi's militiamen, who have largely controlled the area, were killed.	World
According to his wife, Barbara, 'Crazy Horse' Hughes had been struggling with the illness for 15 months but experienced a decline in the past few days, and tributes are pouring in. "He died at his home in Sheffield, surrounded by his family," she stated.	Sports
Next month, IBM's new Lotus Web Conferencing Service is expected to be offered, requiring users to have an Internet connection, a Web browser, and a phone, along with simply registering an account, as it targets WebEx.	Tech
This evening at Fenway Park, a sensational pitching matchup is on tap when the hated New York Yankees, led by Pedro Martinez, come to town to face the Boston Red Sox and Mike Mussina for another chapter in baseball's fiercest rivalry on September 24.	Sports
Reaching the quarterfinals of the China Open, Serena Williams found her game after struggling on Wednesday, alongside Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova.	Sports
Aiming to gain a competitive advantage with the launch of the eServer 326 on October 15, IBM is introducing a rack-mounted server that is compatible with AMD's upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.	Tech
Yesterday, the management of CBS's entertainment division and Paramount television production studio was realigned by Leslie Moonves, the co-president of Viacom, with a promise of smoother and greater interaction between the two.	Business
On October 12, 2004, a significant investment in News International Limited was announced by News Corporation, which included plans to spend over GBP 600 million on new printing plants over the next four to five years, along with the purchase of 20 presses from MAN Roland.	Business
For approximately \$903 million, ARM Holdings (ARM.ETR) has reached an agreement to acquire Artisan Components Inc (ARTI), which is a US-based provider of integrated circuit design solutions, on August 23, according to New Ratings.	Business
During an assessment, three high-risk vulnerabilities identified by Rigel Kent Security & Advisory Services were notified to Symantec regarding the Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance 200/200R (firmware builds prior to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;).	Tech
On Friday, diplomats reported to The Associated Press that traces of plutonium have been found near an Egyptian nuclear facility by U.N. experts, and they are investigating whether this might simply be a byproduct of the nation's peaceful atomic activities or connected to weapons.	World
Intel is making a significant effort to help manufacturers of personal computers in China and India to provide the Linux operating system on machines that utilize the company's chips.	Tech
Viewers highly rated Monday's Game 5 of the Red Sox-Yankees series, displaying an interesting ratings pattern. With a rating of 42.2 and an audience share of 66, terrific numbers for any market were produced by the telecast window in Boston from 5:15-8 p.m. The better news for Fox at that point was that only half of the game was over.	Sports
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The crucial backing of the Kyoto Protocol by President Vladimir Putin was given his seal of approval, thereby clearing the way for the U.N. environment pact aimed at curbing global warming to come into force early next year.	World
Game 7 against the Astros is lifted by Edmonds' homer. Missouri's St. Louis saw all the wounds in this city, colored a fresh shade of cardinal red, healed with just one touch. The fractured hand was had by the winning pitcher.	Sports
Experts have stated that it can be referred to as one for the pages, as the project by Google to archive millions of books from top libraries represents the first significant step toward the company's goal of indexing massive amounts of printed material, music, and video.	Tech
In the third quarter, the US economy experienced growth at an annual rate of 3.7 percent - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring, although not as strong as many analysts had anticipated.	Business
In December 2001, it was Sean O'Keefe who was named by President Bush to head NASA, with an acknowledgment that there was no experience in astronautics on his part. Focused on practical economy, his management style was.	Tech
It was announced on Tuesday by agency officials that NASA has completed the construction of a redesigned space shuttle fuel tank, which has been reconfigured to eliminate the debris problem that resulted in the tragedy of the shuttle Columbia and its seven astronauts.	Tech
Nationwide school leaders have been advised by the Education Department to monitor for individuals observing their buildings or buses, in order to help identify any potential terrorist threats similar to the deadly school siege in Russia. This warning comes after the FBI and the Homeland Security Department conducted an analysis of the siege that resulted in the deaths of nearly 340 people, many of whom were students, in the city of Beslan last month...	World
To permit a child to chat, secure USB tokens are employed by AOL to verify their age, demonstrating safe chat rooms.	Tech
Last night marked the debut of China in the club of the world's leading economic powers, as international pressure mounts for a change to a decade-old currency peg that critics claim provides an unfair competitive edge to Chinese products.	Business
In southern Thailand, a bomb has exploded, resulting in the death of one person and injuring approximately 20 individuals, which might be the initial reaction to the deaths of 85 Muslim protesters earlier this week.	World
Early this morning, the Gulf Coast near Mobile, Alabama, was slammed by Hurricane Ivan, with peak winds exceeding 125 miles an hour (200 kilometers an hour).	Tech
Identified as an employee of the communications company Marconi, a Briton was shot dead outside a shopping center in Saudi Arabia.	World
When David Ortiz orchestrated the biggest comeback in postseason baseball history, one of the greatest days in baseball history began, earning the Red Sox slugger the title of ALCS MVP.	Sports
On Wednesday, Belo Corp., the media owner, announced that 250 jobs would be eliminated, with more than half of these cuts taking place at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements is ongoing.	Business
On Monday, President Susilo Yudhoyono requested Indonesian diplomats to help the government improve Indonesia's negative image.	Business
According to reports from a telescope, the first direct image of a planet orbiting another star may have been captured by a team of astronomers from the US and Europe on a distant 'planet'.	World
Due to a violation of the league's substance abuse policy, Koren Robinson, wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks, has been suspended without pay for four games by the NFL.	Sports
Outlined by a working group is a strategy that promotes the specification of Bluetooth short-range wireless technology, which is finding its way into an array of hardware products, from mobile phones to in-vehicle telematics systems, to make it even more attractive and useful.	Tech
Little was suggested by Sri Lanka in their opening match of the Champions Trophy that they have the wherewithal to knock England out of the tournament at the Rose Bowl on Friday, which raised England's spirits.	Sports
At a press event in Paris, the announcement was made by Apple Computers regarding the launch of its newest iMac model, which the company claimed to be the world's thinnest desktop computer, measuring two inches in thickness.	Tech
After squandering an 18-point lead, losing to the Sixers with C #39's open is quite the disappointment. This is becoming monotonous. For the second consecutive night, a candidate from Boston seemed to be looking good after some exit polling; however, when the final votes/points were tallied, the opponent held on to the plurality.	Sports
CERN, to probe life, the universe, and everything, is (Reuters). Reuters - It has revolutionized physics, made	Tech
Signed by the business software maker PeopleSoft, a deal with IBM has been made, but this is unlikely to deter Oracle.	Business
A closer look at the new offer from the NHL Players' Association reveals a monstrous concession: a staggering 24% pay cut on all existing player contracts, as the NHLPA's proposal for a new CBA is dissected.	Sports
Yesterday, departing chairman John Ralph claimed that productivity gains should keep Commonwealth Bank in a sweet spot for years to come, all rosy at which bank.	Business
A Muslim militant was sentenced to 12 years in jail on Thursday by an Indonesian court, after being found guilty of involvement in last year's JW Marriott hotel bombing in Jakarta.	World
A substantial drop in its quarterly profit was reported on Tuesday by Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research), the No. 2 US grocer, due to heavy promotions, and it was hit by a strike in California; shares fell.	Business
All of last season, rehabbed was Traber. Chosen in the first round and 16th overall of the 2001 draft by the New York Mets, Traber made his major league debut in 2003 with Cleveland.	Sports
I have previously written about my struggle to remain a vegetarian on Tuesday - when meat is abjured by me for religious reasons - while travelling.	Tech
According to a survey by the Engineering Employers Federation, the strongest performance for almost 10 years is being enjoyed by the manufacturing industry in British industry.	Business
According to a warning from the U.S. Department of Transportation, if the needs of Amtrak remain unaddressed, the infrastructure is on the brink, revealing risks of a "major point of failure," as disclosed in a scathing report made public.	Business
On Friday night, the No. 18 Boise State Broncos routed Hawaii 69-3, reducing Timmy Chang's bid to break the NCAA Division IA passing record to a footnote, thanks to Jared Zabransky and their 19th straight victory.	Sports
In 2005, a tough economic year is faced by Australia, as Prime Minister John Howard warned, stating that the country's long-buoyant economy would be dampened by the lingering effects of prolonged drought, high world oil prices, and a strong dollar.	World
The Seattle Storm, having been raced to, saw hot starts in both the first and second halves, and they never looked back, using the momentum to secure their first WNBA world championship.	Sports
In the settlement of the Microsoft case, legal fees for California lawyers, who achieved a $1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft, will amount to less than half of the fees they had requested.	Business
Banned for five years from every soccer stadium in England and Wales, a football supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke, the Premiership striker, was yesterday.	Sports
With a score of 92-83, Dallas triumphed over Portland at American Airlines Arena, as Dirk Nowitzki contributed 23 points and 14 rebounds.	Sports
At last, success for the Lions on the road. Without an away game victory, three full seasons had passed for the Detroit Lions, setting an NFL record for futility on the road. During their first opportunity of the season on Sunday, they ended that ignominious streak by defeating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...	World
Targeting his fourth Olympic gold medal in Athens, a weary Michael Phelps turned his attention on Wednesday to the 200 meters individual medley, where in the heats, he settled for the second-fastest overall time.	Sports
In East Harlem, students at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine learn that health is shaped by diet and culture as future doctors.	World
Defended by Dutch cycling great Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel, the Olympic time trial gold medal was emotionally.	Sports
On Tuesday, China expressed its concerns regarding the apparent stalling of six-party talks about North Korea's nuclear weapons program, attributing the issue to a lack of trust between Pyongyang and Washington.	World
Introducing a beta version of its new blogging tool, MSN Spaces, Microsoft’s MSN expects that advertising will eventually support it.	Tech
On Thursday, an Islamic appeals court acquitted and discharged a young Nigerian mother who had been sentenced to death by stoning for having sex outside marriage.	World
Higher ended U.S. stocks on Wednesday following the announcement of Kmart's plan to acquire Sears in an \$11.5 billion deal, alongside solid earnings posted by computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt;.	Business
Living up to the hype, Skype is the fastest, easiest, and cheapest way for individual customers to use their computers with broadband connections as telephones for Internet Calling.	Tech
Could Qualcomm be viewed as a "Wireless Intel"? In 1985, its life began in a rather unremarkable manner — in the den of its founder, Irwin Jacobs. The space was both crowded and small, and the founding crew consisted of seven people who were enthusiastic, albeit low key.	Tech
After talks with stricken parent firm Federal Mogul, unions representing workers at Turner Newall express their 'disappointment' over fears for the T N pension.	Business
By the end of the year, Merck & Co. plans to reduce its workforce by 5,100 jobs, exceeding the original plan by approximately 700 jobs. This information was revealed by the company, based in Whitehouse Station, NJ, in documents submitted to the Securities and Exchange.	Business
On Thursday, the revelation from the European Central Bank surprised financial markets, as it became known that the consideration of raising interest rates had taken place despite the slowing euro zone economy, driven by concerns regarding inflationary risks.	Business
Today, The New York Times reported a decline in earnings, noting that although the ad market remains uneven, improved trends have been observed so far in October.	Business
In Iran, it is reported by AFP that there is a growing trend towards Linux, even though Windows is regarded as 'free'. This shift is attributed to the fact that, because Iran does not comply with international copyright laws, pirated versions of Windows have made the product available for use by everyone without cost.	Tech
The go ahead has been given by Intel's board for the long anticipated shift in power from current CEO Craig Barrett to current President Paul Otellini. On May 18, Otellini will take over the chipmaker, becoming its fifth ever CEO.	Business
Wednesday night, Web surfers were offered information about current traffic conditions for the largest US metro areas by Internet portal company Yahoo! as part of an effort to expand local content.	Tech
On Wednesday, the dollar remained within tight ranges as most investors dismissed U.S. inflation data that was lower than expected and maintained the perspective that the U.S. Federal Reserve would continue to raise rates.	Business
The latest data from Mars is hailed by Europeans. New evidence in the search for life on Mars has been provided by data collected from the probe Mars Express, according to the European Space Agency.	Tech
On Thursday at the Madrid Masters, Croatian Ivan Ljubicic defeated top seed Tim Henman with scores of 6-4, 4-6, 6-2, while advancing to the quarter-finals, Vincent Spadea was triumphed over by Andre Agassi with a victory of 6-1, 6-3.	Sports
When President Bush visits neighboring Canada next week, the weather is not the only thing that will be cool; U.S.-Canadian ties are forecast to be frosty.	World
In the western Negev, a community was struck by two Qassam rockets on Saturday morning, causing damage to a home. No casualties were reported. From the northern Gaza Strip, the origin of the rocket fire was noted.	World
On Thursday, a vote by the Federal Communications Commission resulted in the exemption of incumbent telephone carriers from sharing requirements related to fiber-to-the-curb deployments from competitors, prompting one incumbent to declare an accelerated rollout of fiber.	Business
A lunchtime press conference will be held by the Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) on Tuesday to discuss the controversial public spat involving its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the national spokesperson of the African National Congress (ANC), as stated by Cosatu.	World
China has cautioned officials from Singapore against future visits to Taiwan following a trip that was "private and unofficial" made by the new leader of the city-state just weeks before he assumed office, which caused tension with Beijing.	World
Benefiting from rising fuel prices, which pose a significant challenge for most of the retail sector, is Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that on Tuesday reported a surge in second-quarter earnings and raised its guidance for the remainder of the year.	Business
Further discussions are to be held by Fiat and General Motors in order to resolve their disagreements regarding the future of the Italian firm's unprofitable auto group, as stated by Fiat.	Business
Should Microsoft be blamed for viruses? Last year, we explored the question of Microsoft’s potential liability for software flaws that viruses and other forms of malware exploit.	Tech
At least 44 people have been reported dead and 27 others wounded, including women and children, following American airstrikes that targeted homes late today in a village south of the volatile city of Falluja, according to Iraqi health officials.	World
To widen the success of the arms amnesty, the capability to organize nationwide polls could be demonstrated by Iraq by the end of January. The interim government has vowed to crack down on insurgents and pacify Iraq before the election in January.	World
Wider Government Sought by Sharon to Save Gaza Pullout Plan JERUSALEM (Reuters) - New efforts were launched by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.	World
Announced this week by IBM was the formation of Power.org, a collaborative community that includes 14 partner companies and itself, aimed at promoting hardware and software development centered around Power Architecture.	Tech
According to Hal Sutton, the US Ryder Cup captain, you can depend on Tiger Woods. Despite not having won a major in two years and losing his world number one ranking, reports that suggest a decline in Tiger Woods will, according to Sutton, be greatly exaggerated this week.	Sports
A Ford official stated that workers are getting a second unexpected day off during the dog days of summer because assembly-line production at the Ford plant in Hapeville has been halted today due to a continued shortage of parts.	Business
On Tuesday, scientists from Peru's Maritime Institute (IMARPE) reported that there are no signs emerging of extreme "El Nino" weather conditions in the next two months, as indications from sea temperatures in the southeastern Pacific show no evidence of it.	Tech
According to a statement from the Air Force rescue team, a military plane crashed into a mountain in Central Venezuela, resulting in the deaths of 25 people, which included five children.	World
On Thursday, the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour was won by Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodriguez, who edged out Colombia's Ivan Parra at the finish line.	Sports
On Friday, Duce Staley, the running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers, was downgraded to doubtful due to a sore hamstring, indicating that he will almost certainly miss a third consecutive game on Sunday.	Sports
It was announced by the CFL yesterday that the outcome of the Calgary-BC game last Friday night will remain unchanged. A review of the videotape of the game confirmed that there was an officiating error which resulted in a no-yards call.	Sports
Full of potential heroes is Sprint. To see this week #39;s 100-meter sprint as simply the best footrace of all time would be nice. For the first time ever, we could witness four sub-10-second sprints. Instead of furrowed ones, it would be nice to watch with raised eyebrows. It ...	Sports
On Saturday, any proposal to halt uranium enrichment would be rejected by Iran, as European Union diplomats are suggesting in an effort to resolve the dispute over whether atomic weapons are being pursued by Iran.	World
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo warned that her country is facing a fiscal crisis. According to a report by economists at the University of the Philippines, the threat of economic collapse confronts the country.	Business
By delegates, a vote for Iraq is chosen at the Labour conference, but Tony Blair declares that he will not apologise for the war.	World
Plans have been announced by Credit Suisse to merge its Credit Suisse First Boston Securities unit with the other operations of the company and to eliminate as many as 300 jobs.	Business
A few programs, including IBM's Linux Scholar Challenge, are drumming up enthusiasm for Linux and open-source software among students worldwide, fostering the next generation of Linux talent through competitions.	Tech
Curb on Phishing Anticipated by Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Chief. <p></p><p> By Lisa Baertlein</p><p> SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A prediction was made on Wednesday by a former Web security chief of the White House, stating that technology companies and law enforcers could soon eradicate most Internet "phishing" scams, which aim to deceive individuals into revealing personal and financial information.</p>	Tech
As much as \$15 billion in stock will be bought back by General Electric Co., the biggest company by market value, over three years, and the quarterly dividend has been raised by 10 percent, which is more than some analysts had estimated.	Business
The long-awaited storage virtualization technology unveiled by EMC, which the company claims will enable users to manage its arrays, as well as high-end boxes from major competitors, via a single interface.	Tech
As Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence before January elections, at least four people were killed in Baghdad on Sunday due to a rocket attack and a suicide car bombing.	World
In the third quarter, despite the rising prices for consumers, the Philippine economy experienced a robust growth, driven by strong exports, with a gross domestic product expansion of 6.3 percent compared to the previous year.	Business
A profit hit of 550 million (\$991 million) will be taken by J Sainsbury this year as investments are made to boost sales and reverse the decline in market share, stated Britain’s third-biggest supermarket chain on Tuesday.	Business
Nine years in prison was the sentence given to one of the siblings, who, along with their brother or sister, was convicted of three felony charges for sending thousands of junk e-mails; the other received a fine of $7,500.	Tech
The quarterly dividend was doubled by Intel Corp., the biggest computer-chip maker in the world, and an increase of \$11.5 billion was made to its stock buyback program.	Business
Due to the potential Sprint-Nextel merger, the options for Qwest Communications might become more limited, even if there is no immediate impact on Qwest. Speculation about a possible merger between Qwest and Sprint had previously been present.	Business
Won by Hamilton, the Cycling Time Trial Event. THENS, Aug. 18. With bruises splotched all over his back, Tyler Hamilton had painful souvenirs from a Tour de France that went terribly wrong.	Sports
The case against Michael Jackson regarding child molestation, according to his lawyers, should be dismissed.	World
On a mission to conquer markets dominated by Apple, Hewlett-Packard, and others, Dell will embark on Thursday, launching products that include its first small digital music player, photo printer, and plasma TV.	Tech
Today, Mayor Dick Murphy reassured the public that San Diego is fiscally sound, following yet another downgrading of the city’s credit rating.	Business
Despite the loss, the future bodes well. Beaten by them were a bunch of bad teams -- some, just barely -- making them the first team in franchise history to start off with a 5-0 record. Nonetheless, how good the Jets truly were couldn’t be ascertained by us.	Sports
Advancing and avoiding disaster, the US women did. ATHENS -- Preliminary-round elimination for the United States women would have been a disaster. Seeking a victory desperately, the Americans avoided embarrassment as they finally played like a gold medal contender -- and like a team.	Sports
Scientists have performed a delicate surgical operation on a single living cell, using a needle that measures just a few billionths of a metre in width.	Tech
According to Attorney General John Ashcroft, at least 103 suspects have been arrested by US authorities since June 1, and 117 criminal complaints have been filed in a crackdown on various forms of online fraud.	Tech
On Thursday, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry acknowledged the wishes of popular maverick John McCain, with the president supporting the Republican senator's legal battle against negative ads run by big-money special interest groups, while the Democratic nominee removed a commercial that featured McCain.	World
Being sued by American Express, Visa and MasterCard, together with eight US banks, are facing claims that anti-competitive tactics have obstructed their entry into the market. This litigation represents the most recent challenge for Visa and MasterCard, which faced troubles last month.	Business
On Wednesday, the largest cable operator in the US, Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research), reported better-than-expected results but posted a quarterly profit that did not meet Wall Street forecasts.	Business
By Vodafone, third-generation services for mobile phones are launched, which introduce video calls, music downloads, and games.	Business
The backlash to comments that are anti-American made by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already begun - and it is likely to worsen in the coming months.	Sports
On Thursday, quarterly earnings that exceeded expectations were posted by Reebok International Ltd. (RBK), an athletic shoe and apparel maker, supported by improved sales from acquisitions and the weak dollar.	Business
Driving the Heat, Wade oversaw the game against the Wizards. The Miami Heat have concluded their season with the Washington Wizards, which is the good news. Dwyane Wade scored 29 points and provided nine assists, guiding the Heat to a 98-93 victory on Wednesday.	Sports
Is your lying face impossible to hide? In their pursuit of the ultimate lie detector, researchers are investigating thermal facial scans, eyeball tracking, and brain wiring. Nonetheless, deception continues to deceive, indeed. By Randy Dotinga.	Tech
On Thursday, Apple Computer officially launched the iTunes Music Store in Canada, providing Canadian music fans with the same features and a price of $.99 CDN per song, which have made iTunes the number one online music service globally.	Tech
As market rumors of a secondary stock offering faded, shares of Internet travel site Travelzoo Inc. rose nearly 4 percent on Wednesday.	Tech
Influencing officiating will be the impact of Indianapolis' loss to New England in the A.F.C. championship game in January as the 2004 season of the N.F.L. starts on Thursday night.	Sports
On Tuesday, a bill that would allocate $16.4 billion to NASA next year was approved by a Senate committee, thereby reversing the earlier decision made by House lawmakers to reduce the space agency's budget below the levels of this year.	World
For a second day on Tuesday, North Korea hurled invective at President Bush, describing him as a political idiot and human trash, while asserting that the six-party talks regarding Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions seemed doomed.	World
This month, with a BIG BITE at Apple, Microsoft has upped the ante in the digital music war by launching Windows Media Player 10 and its beta online music store, in case you have not heard.	Tech
On Thursday, it was announced by the company that its US buyer protection program for PayPal, eBay Inc.'s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) online payment service, will cover transactions up to $1,000 for qualified purchases in an expanded manner.	Tech
The UN, concluding its mission, reported some improvements in human rights in Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press). In AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Inside the camps in Sudan's violence-torn Darfur region, security has improved, yet when displaced villagers leave the camps, they still face attacks and abuse, according to a United Nations team that stated this on Saturday as it concluded a mission that might decide if Sudan faces international sanctions.	World
On Saturday, one of the two major surprises in the Premier League occurred when Bolton Wanderers, after being two goals down, managed to force a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge, causing league leaders Chelsea to let their advantage slip.	Sports
In a move that is sure to anger China, the foreign ministry stated that for the first time, a southern Buddhist region in Russia will allow Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to visit.	World
Sidebar: Enters the Data Backup Arena Microsoft SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Announced by Microsoft, a disk-to-disk backup application is designed to consolidate data backups on Windows servers, thereby positioning the company for competition against storage management stalwarts such as Veritas.	Tech
An investigation into the loss of Britain's Beagle 2 spacecraft last December suggests that unusual Martian weather may have been the cause.	Tech
An exclusive licensing agreement has been announced by Electronic Arts with the National Football League and PLAYERS INC to develop, publish, and distribute interactive football games for a five-year term.	Sports
Increasing pessimism about the economy, corporate profits, and US stock market returns is being observed among money managers, as reported in a monthly survey released Tuesday by Merrill Lynch.	Business
Announced by French companies Snecma and Sagem on Friday was a planned merger valued at 7 billion euros ($8.9 billion), a deal that analysts suggested was driven more by political interests than by those of shareholders.	Business
Since being elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has appeared several times on national television, had his picture in People magazine, and chatted by phone with President Bush.	World
At the Modern, the next big hit is its reopening. On Saturday, the buzz surrounding the greatly enlarged museum is anticipated to become a cacophony.	World
Hit by Hurricane Ivan, the Cayman Islands faced the full force of the storm, which caused extensive flooding and destroyed homes. Up to 40,000 residents, including a large community of British expats, sought refuge in shelters and homes to escape the ferocious winds of Ivan, which reached speeds of up to 155 mph.	World
Malware, spoofers, and hackers, oh my! According to Microsoft, the risk of browser mishaps could be boosted as better defenses arise from teamwork with the IE exploit code.	Tech
In a surprising turn of events, Fresno State defeated No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, yesterday, thanks to Paul Pinegar, who threw two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and added another score with his legs.	Sports
In August, payrolls expanded by 144,000 as employers stepped up hiring, resulting in a decrease of the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.	Business
Signed by Newcastle United is a deal with veteran defender Ronny Johnsen until the next transfer window in January; due to injury, out is Dyer.	Sports
Not only was the difference in making champs even tougher by hard-running Dillon #39 about reviving one of the league #39;s worst rushing games, but it also aimed to create an alliance between Dillon and that dreadful rushing attack when the weather and/or the opponent required it -- which was the case on Sunday.	Sports
Fired by Phonak, the Swiss cycling team, last Thursday was Tyler Hamilton, who won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, after he tested positive for illegal blood transfusions with a ban pending two months ago.	Sports
After concluding that a Chinese navy nuclear-powered submarine intruded into its waters this week, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda stated on Friday that Japan will make a protest to China.	World
On Wednesday, as shares in Europe edged higher following the news that a portion of the $4 billion Cingular deal had been secured by Ericsson, Glaxo saw an increase after Pfizer confirmed its outlook.	Business
Redrawn likely by the devastating earthquake that struck the Indian Ocean, the map caused some islands to move by several metres.	Tech
Primed to finally surpass the Rams are the Hawks. In the weekly "First And 10" column, NFL writer John Clayton, a senior at ESPN, takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week, followed by primers for 10 other games.	Sports
While en route to a NASCAR race, a plane that was part of Hendrick Motorsports crashed yesterday, causing the deaths of all 10 individuals on board, including the son, brother, and two nieces of the owner of one of the most successful organizations in auto racing.	Sports
Yesterday, authorities reported that a steel mesh wall collapsed on workers who were building a multi-billion-dollar extension to Dubai's international airport, resulting in five deaths and 12 injuries.	World
Watch out for your credit card issuers -- they might soon increase your rates.	Business
On Tuesday, a preview version of new tools intended for companies to create custom Web applications was released by Microsoft, showcasing "Whitehorse" developer tools.	Tech
SEBASTIEN LOEB is dreaming of a homecoming that will win a title, as he moves closer to the world championship in the Italian Rally.	Sports
David O'Leary, the manager of Aston Villa, has been charged by the Premier League for making an illegal approach concerning Southampton striker James Beattie.	Sports
An executive from the firm stated that "if a panacea sounds like it is being offered to you, then it's time to change the conversation." According to Toyota, some security firms promise too much.	Tech
Rising oil prices, combined with anxiety about Eliot Spitzer's probe into the insurance industry, pummeled stock prices in a toxic manner.	Business
On Friday, legislation was signed by President Bush that will bar state and local governments from taxing connections linking people to the Internet for the next three years.	Tech
In Mumbai, as the third of the four final tests approaches, the battle lines are drawn. Due to a miserable batting display, it was the bowlers that enabled India to fight back and restrict Australia's lead in the first innings to 99 runs.	Sports
Due to a sprained left ankle, Sunday’s game against the Toronto Blue Jays was missed by New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield. Currently, Sheffield is categorized as day to day.	Sports
On Sunday at the Infosys campus in Bangalore, it was emphasized by Mr. Vladimir V. Putin, President of the Russian Federation, along with Mr. NR Narayana Murthy, Chief Mentor and Chairman of Infosys, as well as Mr. Nandan Nilekani, CEO and Managing Director, that collaboration in developing new technology between India and Russia is necessary.	World
To Iraq, more troops will be sent by Europe; the US is appealing to European nations for an increase in NATO missions in both Iraq and Afghanistan, with a success noted by the alliance, which has announced a small expansion of its fledgling military training facility located in Baghdad.	World
Relations between France and Ivory Coast have deteriorated, with nine French peacekeepers having been killed in an air raid conducted by Ivorian bombers over a week ago. In retaliation, France took action by destroying the majority of the Ivorian air force.	World
According to the U.N. on Thursday, although cereals in Mauritania have suffered greatly due to locusts, the damage experienced by other countries in West and Central Africa has been far less than expected from the worst infestation observed in more than a decade.	Tech
A new survey conducted by the U.N. reveals that the use of robots for various tasks around the home, including mowing lawns, vacuuming floors, pulling guard duty, and executing other chores, is anticipated to rise sevenfold by 2007, which is a trend linked to decreasing prices that are driving the robot boom.	Tech
Just hours later, the theater was attended by the Swedish foreign minister after south Asia beaches, once a magnet for thousands of vacationing Swedes, were flattened by a tsunami.	World
In the northeastern region bordering Cameroon, where the mountainous terrain provides refuge, 24 Islamic militants were killed by the Nigerian army, as stated by the spokesman for the northeastern state of Borno.	World
Permission has been granted to Mark Hughes, the national boss, by the Football Association of Wales to discuss the open managerial position at Blackburn.	Sports
This week, an overhaul of its Act contact management software was launched by Best Software, adding to the product line a second version that features more scalability and advanced functionality.	Tech
Focusing on Part 2 of 2, this article explores Network Access Quarantine Control in Windows Server 2003. It allows administrators to quarantine mobile users and to verify their security posture prior to granting them full access to the network.	Tech
In Indianapolis, a flawless Byron Leftwich led the Jacksonville Jaguars on a 30-yard drive in the final four minutes, culminating in a season-long 53-yard field goal by rookie kicker Josh Scobee, resulting in a 27-to-24 victory over the Colts.	Sports
Addicts of life play The Sims 2, which introduces DNA into the mix along with much more realistic 3D graphics, giving the game an eerie feeling of reality.	Tech
Captured on film by the Hubble Space Telescope, a rare alignment of Jupiter's three largest moons across the planet's face was seen on Nov. 4, 2004.	Tech
Jacob Oram, the New Zealand batting hero, shunned comparisons with one of his country’s great all-rounders, Chris Cairns, after bludgeoning the Kiwis into contention against Australia here on Friday.	Sports
On Friday, high-end servers were introduced by IBM in its pSeries and iSeries lines, featuring virtualization capabilities and substantial power that some experts claim render the products comparable to offerings from rival Hewlett-Packard Co.	Tech
On Nov. 11, a "beta," or test, version of its online search service was released by Microsoft, the behemoth software company lurking over the computing world based in Redmond, Wash.	Tech
On Wednesday, the convoy of former Iraqi governing council president Ahmed Chalabi was ambushed by gunmen, resulting in the wounding of two of his bodyguards, according to aides.	World
On Wednesday, a government commission presented a chilling report to Chilean President Ricardo Lagos, having interviewed over 30,000 victims to chronicle for the first time the systematic use of torture during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship from 1973 to 1990.	World
As manager of English Championship side Leicester City, Mickey Adams has resigned, as announced by the club yesterday. An emergency meeting of the board of directors accepted Adams' resignation.	Sports
During a press conference here, Australian Prime Minister John Howard announced on Sunday that the next federal election will be held on October 9. He stated that the decision will be made by the voters.	World
It is reported by VATICAN CITY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org) that theological dialogue between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches is expected to be resumed by the relics of Sts.	World
New antispam technology standards are on the way, targeting the source of spam to hit spammers where it hurts the most financially. A significant issue that needs addressing is the ability to authenticate the original source of email messages.	Tech
A dramatic twist in the Thatcher saga emerged last night, as it was revealed that a key witness in the police investigation has vanished, taking with him a list of wealthy individuals who allegedly financed a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.	World
On Tuesday, a fine of \$250,000 was imposed by the NHL on one of the owners of the Thrashers for stating that replacement players would be used by the league next year if a new collective bargaining agreement is not reached.	Sports
An important question that may indicate the pathway toward understanding the primordial soup is the formation of the first peptides from the first amino acids. Researchers now suggest that volcanic gases, or carbonyl sulfide, may have served as the binder for linking together building blocks.	Tech
A deal has been signed by Hewlett-Packard to sell network adapters from the start-up S2io, which the companies claim can transfer data at speeds 10 times faster than the current widespread standard.	Tech
In finance, pension accounting is a process that necessitates a company to estimate the future expected value of its pension assets as well as the anticipated costs associated with meeting pension and health care obligations for both current and retired employees.	Business
The profit targets for 2004 were cut by New York Times Co. NEW YORK (Reuters) - On Monday, third-quarter and full-year earnings were forecasted by New York Times Co. to be below Wall Street's average targets due to weak revenue so far in September, resulting in a decline of its shares to two-year lows.	Business
On Friday, leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee requested that the inspector general's office investigate the Air Force's efforts concerning the Boeing deal from the Defense Department.	Business
As reported by Reuters on Wednesday, due to issues with the docking system, the launch of a Russian rocket scheduled for next month to the International Space Station has been postponed, according to Russia's space agency.	Tech
Arrested has been the Kashmir separatist chief Syed Ali Shah Geelani, as he is being prevented from leading a protest against alleged rapes committed by an Indian army officer.	World
Opposition to the Iraq war is evident among the majority of Australians, yet their primary concern appears to be the economy.	World
Noting that Boeing's bottom line continues to fatten, industry analysts pointed out that despite scandals charming Wall Street, the consolidation of the defense industry has left the Pentagon with few choices for buying weapons, even as its image tarnishes.	Business
A severance plan for top officials has been adopted by Merck's Board (Update5) as the company, Merck & Co., aims to prevent managers from departing following the withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller, which will provide severance payments to over 200 executives if control of the company changes.	Business
On the 35th hole Saturday, Miguel Angel Jimenez concluded the strong challenge posed by his Ryder Cup captain, Bernhard Langer, securing a semifinal spot in the World Match Play Championship.	Sports
A delay into 2005 for Nortel's financial filings could occur. Less than a week after launching a media blitz aimed at enhancing its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. has once again postponed the release of its financial statements, highlighting the challenges the company faces in steering out of the situation.	Business
In Sudan's capital, a plane was hijacked by Eritrean deportees who were armed with knives, forcing it to land after leaving Libya with approximately 80 fellow Eritreans onboard before they surrendered to security forces, as officials reported.	World
An agreement was reached yesterday by a consortium led by a fund managed by Australia's Macquarie Bank to purchase NTL's radio and television broadcasting business for £1.27 billion, as Britain's largest cable company, NTL, decided to shed its broadcasting arm.	Business
Iraq's neighbors, seeking tens of billions of dollars for the environmental damage caused during the Gulf conflict of 1990-91, are poised to receive only minimal funds from the United.	Tech
It was likely the most critical that the final 12 rushing yards Corey Dillon accumulated against the Jets on Sunday, among the 115.	Sports
The announcement of Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk reveals that he is too ill to continue, confirming his plans to abdicate. In Beijing, Prince Ranariddh, the king's son, has traveled.	World
On Tuesday, Washington's envoy to Kabul announced that a cease-fire has been brokered by the United States between a renegade Afghan militia leader and the embattled governor of the western province of Herat in western Afghanistan.	World
On Thursday, Duma speaker Boris Gryzlov announced that a second parliamentary inquiry into the Beslan school hostage massacre will be launched by Russia, indicating a further climbdown by authorities who had initially ruled out a probe.	World
A 5-4 victory was secured by the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night against the Toronto Blue Jays, with Orlando Cabrera hitting a double off reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, which bounced off the Green Monster to score a run.	Sports
As of 5 am, it was reported by NHK television on its Web site that twenty-five people have been confirmed dead and 43 are missing after the passage of typhoon Tokage through Japan.	World
To secure another $725 million in concessions from its employees while seeking further labor cuts and eliminating traditional pensions, United Airlines is aiming to emerge from bankruptcy.	Business
Due to the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal, the careers of four Army generals could effectively come to an end, even though they face no criminal charges and are indirectly linked to the misconduct. Last week, two comprehensive investigative reports were released, which have highlighted varying degrees of criticism, along with instances of praise, directed at the four.	World
A chance for revenge against Nevada is what Kansas gets. When Allen Fieldhouse welcomes the Wolf Pack on Monday, the second-ranked Jayhawks can redeem themselves for one of their most frustrating losses from last season.	Sports
As reported by Austrian radio on Friday, Siemens AG's bid to take over engineering competitor VA Technologie AG was approved by Austrian regulators.	Business
Are you wondering if a hard drive will be included in your next cell phone? According to the companies, Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Intel are advocating for the advancement of an interface technology that they believe will facilitate the integration of compact hard drives into mobile phones, PDAs, and digital music players.	Tech
For the fourth consecutive day, an advance was observed in the S&P 500 Index, driven by materials and energy shares, while investors opted to disregard a disappointing report on third-quarter economic growth, favoring instead better-than-expected data related to business and consumer confidence in the Chicago area.	Business
A new dual-format DVD burner compatible with Macintosh computers was announced by Sony on Tuesday. The external double-layer DVD drive, named the DRX-710UL-T, has been designed for recording up to	Tech
The bulletin MS04-039 has been released by Microsoft, reporting a security vulnerability in Proxy Server 2.0 and Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000, along with an announcement regarding the availability of the patches intended to resolve these issues.	Tech
The deputy commander of the facility stated that many of the alleged Al Qaeda and Taliban inmates at the US military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be freed or sent back to their home countries for further investigation, as they pose little threat and are not providing much valuable intelligence.	World
Seven bodies were dug out by Taiwan rescue workers from mud and rock in a mountain village, which was hit by a devastating landslide that Typhoon Aere triggered, but eight bodies remained buried, officials said on Friday.	World
A Better Solution for Israel The plea of Daniel Seidemann to the next US administration, which is hysterical in tone, serves no useful purpose in saving Israel from itself op-ed, Aug. 26.	World
In 2005, a report by the Nihon Keizai Shimbun indicated that firms including Sony, Matsushita, and Sharp are making plans to launch camcorders that will record on smaller versions of the Blu-ray Disc, which supports one of the next-generation optical DVD formats.	Tech
It is anticipated that New Orleans Hornets guard Baron Davis will be out for one to two weeks due to a lower back injury.	Sports
According to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad), on Wednesday, global FDI inflows have declined for the third consecutive year to \$560 billion in 2003; however, the prospects for the current year appear promising.	Business
According to golfdigest, Tom Lehman, as the captain of the United States Ryder Cup for 2006, will have the opportunity to succeed in ways that Hal Sutton did not.	Sports
Shares of GenCorp Inc. experienced a decline of 5.6 percent before the opening bell on Monday after the investment fund Steel Partners withdrew its proposal to acquire the aerospace and real estate company.	Tech
The online service for transferring business information between corporations is spiffed up by the integration service enhanced by Grand Central.	Tech
A crisis in the U.S. is highlighted by the flu shot shortage. On Friday, health officials, concerned, began investigating what went wrong at a British vaccine plant that produced half of the flu shots in the U.S., and they called for more companies to enter the vaccine business.	Business
Following a loss of 1-0 in a heated match against Espanyol on Saturday, Michael Owen acknowledged that the right balance is still being sought by Real Madrid.	Sports
Inside the Imam Ali mosque in Najaf, the fighters of rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr were commanded by him on Friday to lay down their weapons and join thousands of Shi'ite pilgrims outside the shrine.	World
On Monday, just outside a White House gate, a man set himself on fire while repeatedly yelling "Allah Allah," as a Secret Service officer held him facedown on the sidewalk.	World
A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) is allowed to proceed with its bid to acquire the assets of Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an emergency request from the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal, according to a spokesman for the agency.	Business
In an effort to avoid filing Chapter 11, US Airways is seeking $800 million in concessions from employee unions. On the evening of this proposal, the Air Line Pilots Association will present.	Business
A decision by the European Commission to approve a government-backed 5bn rescue plan was welcomed yesterday by British Energy, the nuclear generator.	Business
Due to the high cost of jet fuel, American Airlines is increasing its domestic ticket prices. An additional charge of \$5 will be applied to one-way flights, and \$10 will be added for roundtrip tickets.	Business
Set by magnificent Manning is another record. HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Thrown by Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning were two touchdown passes in the first quarter of Sunday's game against the Houston Texans at Reliant Stadium, establishing an NFL record for the most consecutive games with multiple TD throws.	Sports
An ITunes deal was offered by Apple to Sony? According to an industry insider, a crucial partnership may be essential for long-term success.	Tech
Goldcorp Inc., a gold mining company, on Friday announced its willingness to review and evaluate a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd., which would disrupt its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.	Business
As CEO, Scott McGregor, the former head of Royal Philips Electronics' semiconductor division, will replace Alan Ross, who intends to retire, as Broadcom's new leader.	Tech
According to The Post, a deal has been reached between Apple Computer and the rock band U2 for the sale of customized iPods, with a splashy event scheduled for an announcement in October.	Tech
After hitting a breakwater in Japan, at least six crew members are killed, and one is missing from a South Korean cargo ship.	World
TOKYO (Reuters) - Rising to 69, the death toll from Japan's deadliest typhoon in two decades has prompted experts to warn on Friday that more storms may result from climate change, while 19 individuals are still missing.	World
Walking off the field after the 28-27 defeat to Boise State on September 24, 2004, in Boise, Idaho, was the BYU coach, Gary Crowton.	Sports
An unsolicited bid valued at approximately £380 million was made by Alamosa Holdings Inc. on Monday for AirGate PCS Inc., which would lead to the establishment of one of the largest providers of wireless telephone service operating under the Sprint brand.	Tech
In response to Iran's announcement, a major step is being taken by the United States concerning uranium enrichment, which is a key ingredient in nuclear weapons.	World
For the fourth time, the interest rate has been increased to 2 percent by the Fed. The Federal Reserve suggested that gradual increases in the interest rate would continue through much of the next year.	Business
The remainder of the season will be missed by Carolina Panthers running back Stephen Davis, who has been placed on injured reserve as of Saturday.	Sports
Declining on Tuesday, US stocks saw a drop as health insurer shares fell amid concerns that the entire industry would be impacted by the New York attorney general's investigation, overshadowing the performance of IBM.	Business
A 61 percent increase in revenue for the group’s fiscal second quarter was reported by Air France-KLM on Monday, with a strong rise in passenger and cargo revenue, along with the merger of the French and Dutch carriers, driving this growth.	Business
Last week, after being arrested for drink-driving, an apologetic Michael Phelps expressed that he made a dangerous mistake. The Olympic swimming champion was charged with drink driving following the incident with a trooper.	Sports
What Paul Hamm needs is a new marketing strategy; alternatively, what he needs is a clue. A single harmless gesture is the factor that separates him from lionization in America and canonization in South Korea.	Sports
On Tuesday, a business agent for Sheffield reported that the New York Yankees slugger and his wife were targeted by a blackmailer who claimed to possess embarrassing sexual videotapes involving Sheffield's wife and a musician.	Sports
A win worth a Calypso or two London, September 26: Just as Brazil is synonymous with soccer and Jerry is with Tom, fast bowlers have always been synonymous with West Indies cricket, as well as batsmen who exhibited more flair than wood in their willows; and with calypso.	Sports
On Thursday, a trade group that represents the US music industry announced that it has filed lawsuits against 750 individuals for allegedly using online file-sharing networks to illegally distribute copyrighted songs.	Tech
Jamal Mashburn's NBA career has likely been ended by a knee injury, just over a year after his best season. This news, announced by Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets on Monday, arrives a week prior to the opening.	Sports
With reports indicating he is out for months, it is possible that Titans guard Zach Piller might miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery to repair his ruptured left biceps.	Sports
The 15-inch PowerBook G4 Battery that Apple recalls is one that can overheat, creating a fire hazard. There have been four reports of overheating related to these batteries received by Apple. No injuries have been reported as a result.	Tech
The unions' concessions over pay, deemed vital for the firm's successful restructuring, have been rejected by struggling German department store owner KarstadtQuelle.	Business
Today, a settlement with Qwest that is highly critical of "senior management" is expected to be announced by the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to two sources familiar with the case.	Business
In Columbus, Ohio, a 1-1 tie against the US national soccer team on Wednesday led to Jamaica's elimination from contention for the 2006 World Cup, while Eddie Johnson netted his fifth goal in three games.	Sports
In the Palestinian presidential elections, scheduled for Jan. 9, ten candidates have qualified to contest, according to AP. They are:	World
A self-sustaining killer robot creates a stink. Although it may eat flies and stink to high heaven, if this robot functions, it will signify an important advancement towards achieving full autonomy for robots.	Tech
On hold is retirement for President Jacques Chirac, who celebrated his 72nd birthday yesterday while locked in a struggle to maintain his relevance amid an intraparty challenge and ongoing friction with the world's only superpower.	World
On Friday, a setback was suffered by Hollinger International Inc., the publisher of Hollinger Newspaper, in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge sharply scaled back its effort to.	Business
In tomorrow's game, the NFL has cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren to steer clear of committing a personal foul penalty against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.	Sports
According to state press late on Friday, a man said to have murdered eight teenagers and injured four others has been detained by Chinese police in a school dormitory overnight.	World
As reported by state media, China imposed fines amounting to \$12.1 million for infractions like permitting children to engage in violent or adult-only games, while between February and August, 1,600 Internet cafes were shut down.	Tech
On Friday, the United States received the former boss of the Cali drug cartel, who at one time controlled most of the world's cocaine trade, to face charges related to trafficking and money laundering.	World
In the ninth minute, Heather O'Reilly scored, earning a spot in Thursday's gold-medal game against Brazil, after previously missing a wide-open net, and thus the United States secured a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany in overtime on Monday.	Sports
On Tuesday, the forecasts for profits in the third quarter and full year from Office Depot Inc. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">ODP.N</A>, the No. 2 U.S. office supply retailer, indicated that they fall short of Wall Street estimates, with the company attributing this to disruptions caused by recent hurricanes.	Business
On Tuesday, a higher quarterly profit was posted by Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the contract electronics manufacturer, due to stronger demand for computers, cellphones, and other electronic products.	Business
Astronomers have found proof of Einstein's theory: The slight pull of satellites off their orbits, scientists assert, demonstrates that as it rotates, the earth indeed twists the fabric of space-time.	Tech
With a strained right shoulder, Maria Sharapova withdrew from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships on Saturday (AP) AP.	Sports
When asked to name one of the most important additions to the New York Jets this season, a quick answer is provided by Curtis Martin: left guard Pete Kendall.	Sports
Reflecting on 'The Drop,' Auburn's Obomanu (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu, once curious about the goats of the sports world, would ponder about the players who had the game in their hands yet failed. To himself, he would think, ""I wonder how that guy feels."" However, he no longer has to wonder since his own infamous moment, ""The Drop,"" when a chance to defeat Mississippi last season slipped through his hands in the end zone, turned his dream game into a nightmare.	Sports
Desperately searching for help, frustrated by fouls, turnovers, and a feisty opponent, the United States found Sheryl Swoopes to set things right.	Sports
On Monday, Microsoft Corp. introduced software aimed at quickly locating files on personal computers, challenging Google's rival product that has been on the market for two months in the battle for supremacy in desktop search.	Tech
In the first-ever matchup between the teams, a dramatic 55-yard field goal by Mike Nugent #39, with time running out, lifted the ninth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes to a 24-21 victory over the pesky Marshall Thundering Herd.	Sports
A police checkpoint at the entrance to the road leading to the building was targeted by a car bomb that exploded near the headquarters of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's party in western Baghdad on Monday, witnesses said.	World
On the outskirts of Athens, a commuter bus was taken hostage by hijackers, with as many as 26 people on board. According to a spokeswoman, five of the captives have been released, while the police are conducting ongoing negotiations to free the remaining hostages.	World
All the way around the bases sprinted Jacque Jones, as if he couldn't wait to share the moment.	Sports
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova disposed of Japan's Miho Saeki on Thursday, with a score of 6-3, 6-1, which allowed her to sweep into the quarter-finals of the Hansol Korea Open in Seoul.	Sports
Announced Wednesday evening on SportsCenter, the Heisman Trophy finalist list features four players whose teams are heading to the Orange Bowl, with Leinart, Bush, White, and Peterson taking the lead.	Sports
On Sunday, the Paris Masters was clinched by Marat Safin for a record-equaling third time when he defeated Czech qualifier Radek Stepanek with a score of 6-3 7-6 6-3.	Sports
To the SETI Headfake, a headshake Did the first strong evidence for an extraterrestrial signal get uncovered by the famous screensaver, SETIhome? Seth Shostak from the SETI Institute discusses how hyperbole can misrepresent the last addition to a list of stellar candidates.	Tech
The German insurance company, Allianz, announced on Tuesday that it would contest a US jury decision in New York which increased the insurance payout that could be received from nine insurance firms by the leaseholder of the destroyed World Trade Center towers.	Business
A layer of security is being added by AOL to its popular Internet service through the bundling of virus protection software from McAfee, which is provided at no charge to customers. It is claimed by AOL (NYSE: AOL) that they are the first ISP to include premium antivirus coverage in the basic membership package.	Tech
On Wednesday, Shakhtar Donetsk's Brazilian midfielder Matuzalem scored a brace, overcoming the cold temperatures in a victory of 3-0 that nearly dashed Celtic's Champions League aspirations this season.	Sports
Co-stars nearly stole the show. A match that didn’t follow the script it was, but this is the land where frequently life imitates the silver screen. For 64 minutes yesterday, pure Hollywood was embodied by the USA Tomahawks.	Sports
A major legal victory for the company was marked by a ruling from a federal judge yesterday in Alexandria, Va., stating that Google Inc.'s advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.	Business
On Wednesday, the announcement was made that Rep. Peter Hoekstra, a Republican from Michigan, would be leading the House Intelligence Committee, as a heated debate unfolds regarding the implementation of a significant overhaul of the nation’s intelligence system in an election year.	World
The trend of fixed-to-mobile substitution is gaining momentum. A strong movement is being observed among consumers who are shifting from using fixed-line phones in conjunction with mobiles to predominantly relying on mobile handsets for most or all of their voice calls, according to a study conducted for Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia by market researchers in the UK.	Tech
Focusing on geotourism for the South Seas Islands in the future, the Cook Islands, which have more tourists per capita than any other destination in the South Pacific, are revamping their tourism strategy to prioritize preservation.	Tech
Wary on an increase in oil quotas, OPEC is seen as potentially resisting calls to raise oil output much, if at all, this week when it meets due to fears of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.	Business
Today, Vodafone expressed its continued interest in acquisitions in France, eastern Europe, and Asia and Africa while detailing expected annual cost cuts that should reach 2.	Business
A 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors is 'Cure' At a time when more people than ever before are cured of cancer, it seems that fewer doctors are willing to say so. Undetectable, they call the cancer, or in remission. They tell patients that seeing cancer specialists can be quit. Statistics are quoted, and they say that the chances are slim of the disease coming back.	Tech
According to the education minister, only about 100 Muslim girls in France are defying the new ban on headscarves in schools.	World
Expected to replace Holtz, Spurrier wanted his South Carolina players to focus on their game against Clemson. Suddenly, a lot more is on their minds. As coach at South Carolina, Holtz will retire.	Sports
Detected 15 miles off the northwest coast of Washington state is a toxic algae bloom, which measures 30 miles wide, marking the largest and most potentially lethal occurrence found by scientists in the region.	Tech
A world record in the 50 meters butterfly was set by Ian Crocker of the United States on Sunday at the world championships, with a time of 22.71 seconds.	Sports
A guide to the primary - Vote 2004 is provided by a special news section from the Herald-Tribune, profiling candidates at the federal, state, and local levels in races for Tuesday's election: Prepare for the primary.	World
Regarding the decision to run Society Selection in the Grade 1 Alabama at Saratoga on Saturday, there was uncertainty last week from Trainer Allen Jerkens.	Sports
On Monday, a meeting took place between Fidel Castro and Chinese President Hu Jintao, where discussions centered on the expanding relationship between Cuba and China, now recognized as the island's third-largest trading partner.	World
Nearly 9,000 prisoners have been released by Vietnam in the lead-up to the independence celebrations on September 2, with 10 of those inmates having cases that attracted international attention, as reported by officials in Hanoi (Reuters).	World
The militant Palestinian group Hamas announced on Friday that differences with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat were being set aside, and a call for a united Palestinian leadership to work toward general elections was made.	World
An Open Letter Against British Copyright Indoctrination in Schools The British Department for Education and Skills (DfES) recently launched the "Music Manifesto" campaign, which ostensibly aims to educate the next generation of British musicians. A partnership, unfortunately, was formed with the music industry (EMI and various artists) to enhance its popularity. It appears that EMI has negotiated their end well, resulting in the indoctrination of children in our schools about the illegality of downloading music. This ignorance and audacity bothered me a little, prompting me to write an open letter to the DfES. Regrettably, it is pedantic, as one must be when addressing government representatives. However, I hope you find it useful, and perhaps you will feel inspired to undertake something similar if or when the same situation occurs in your area.	Tech
In India, a low-cost Internet access device has been unveiled by US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices, which could be priced at only a few hundred dollars, targeting first-time technology users in the developing world.	Tech
Aiming to raise 200m, a plan involving Nomura, the Japanese bank, is reportedly in place to block the takeover of Man Utd by Malcolm Glazer, according to the Financial Times.	Business
Formally joining the organization's ranks, the wireless broadband group sees the networking giant Cisco as it continues to grow.	Tech
Entering a critical week in their wage negotiations on Monday, Volkswagen and its workers showed signs that a compromise was taking shape, even as protests flared at factories across Germany.	World
On Friday, U.S. stock futures were nearly unchanged as key data on the economy awaited investors, which could determine the market's early direction.	Business
Veritas aims to erode EMC's lead and rebuild investors' confidence by acquiring KVault, which develops e-mail-archiving software, reaching into its wallet.	Tech
Her ultimate legacy will be what Lauren Jackson #39; achieves with her teams, regardless of her status as an individual in the world of basketball.	Sports
A record $550,000 fine was received by CBS on Wednesday for Janet Jackson's eye-catching flash dance during the Super Bowl halftime show.	Sports
The first day of the Nine Bridges Classic on Friday featured Carin Koch from Sweden and Grace Park of South Korea, both of whom recorded a 6-under-par 66, placing them in the lead after the opening round of the LPGA's CJ Nine Bridges Classic.	Sports
According to AFP, a threat has been issued by a little-known radical Islamic group to kill Indian cricketers during their tour of Bangladesh, which starts on Tuesday, as informed by the Indian High Commission.	World
A decision has been made by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to increase oil output by one million barrels a day, aiming to lower oil prices.	Business
On hold is the hiring of Saban. Interest in Nick Saban is held by the Dolphins, and there exists a possibility that the coach of LSU may join them. Despite LSU Athletic Director Skip Bertman stating on Friday that "an offer is very imminent," adherence is committed to by the Dolphins.	Sports
Crying foul are agents as the fee increase by Northwest has been announced. Starting Wednesday, only \$5 of the \$12.50 cost for booking a Northwest ticket through a global distribution system like Sabre or Galileo will be paid by the airline.	Business
According to traders, world cocoa prices saw a decline on Tuesday; nevertheless, they remained above the day's lows due to exports being on hold because of mob violence and military clashes in Ivory Coast, the key global supplier.	World
Four mostly unrelated enterprise vulnerabilities have been announced by security sources in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas' Backup Exec, and Samba, the Windows file-sharing utility for Linux, according to Ziff Davis.	Tech
Organizers stated on Thursday (Reuters) that a scholarship exclusively for women will be provided by a program aimed at aspiring game developers at Southern Methodist University, as part of an initiative to draw more women into the video game industry, which is predominantly male.	Tech
Stating that management was assembling an emergency plan to keep the company operational for a few months, the Russian oil giant Yukos indicated this would occur even after the auction of its prized asset in December.	Business
To force talks with Oracle, disgruntled shareholders file suit, while agreeing to disagree are PeopleSoft's two largest shareholders, you say sell, I say potato.	Business
In September, there was a surge in auto sales. A 10% increase was recorded for auto sales, driven by a 25% rise at General Motors, along with gains for Chrysler and Toyota. After raising rebates, GM experienced its largest growth in two years.	Business
At last, the Earth Simulator, a supercomputer by NEC, has been surpassed by IBM's Blue Gene/L supercomputer, which yesterday achieved a sustained performance of 36.	Business
A donation of \$43.5 million was made by Charles Munger, vice-chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, and his wife Nancy Munger to Stanford University and its law school on Thursday.	Business
A payment of \$250 million has been agreed upon by Qwest Communications on Thursday to conclude a federal investigation into allegedly fraudulent accounting practices employed by former executives.	Business
The word has been received by Cisco and Microsoft: IT managers are fatigued by the ongoing necessity to fill security gaps in their networks.	Tech
A ruling by the city medical examiner on Monday stated that former baseball star Ken Caminiti died from a drug overdose. At the age of 41, Caminiti had tested positive for cocaine in the weeks leading up to his death and had also confessed to using steroids during his time as a player.	Sports
After 14 years, international flights have been resumed by Iraqi Airways. On Saturday, a plane departed from neighboring Jordan, marking the airline's first such flight since UN sanctions were imposed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.	World
Due to expectations that heating oil demand will be limited by more mild U.S. weather at the start of the New Year, oil prices decreased by 3 percent on Monday. NEW YORK (Reuters) -	Business
On Friday, industry leaders stated that many believe the bonanza which President Bush has given to the mutual fund industry with his plans to reform Social Security may be a mirage.	Business
Chairman Ken Mackie of Inverness Caledonian Thistle insists that the club will not be rushed into appointing a successor to John Robertson, as Caley is determined to make the right choice.	Sports
On Tuesday, the previous day's gain was held by the dollar, supported by a retreat in oil prices and positive remarks regarding the U.S. economy from officials of the Federal Reserve.	Business
On Thursday, the St. Louis Cardinals secured an 8-3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series, highlighted by a three-run fifth inning rally featuring a two-run single from Mike Matheny #39. This win allowed the Cardinals to take a 2-0 lead in the series.	Sports
Bankruptcy has been filed for by Interstate Bakeries Corp., the maker of Twinkies, as it becomes a casualty of rising costs and a reduction in demand for carbohydrate-rich breads and pastries, which includes its Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread.	Business
In a slum filled with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, gunfire erupted on Sunday in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, causing people to scatter through streets strewn with trash.	World
By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration ordered that all antidepressants bear ""black box"" warnings indicating that they ""increase the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior"" in children who take them. Medication guides that include the warning will be provided to patients and their parents with each new prescription or refill...	Tech
On Saturday, the Cavaliers and Midshipmen will face season-defining games, possibly even program-defining games, as they compete against Florida State and Notre Dame, respectively.	Sports
Like fishing in a stocked pond instead of an ocean, politicians are attempting to catch votes by directing phone calls and fliers at voters who have already applied for absentee ballots.	World
By shutting down its weaker locations, Saks announces that it will be able to focus on its more "productive" stores and further strengthen its brand.	Business
Capping off a big day for the USA, the United States men's basketball team secured a vital win against Greece, 77-71. "With heart, they played," remarked Coach Larry Brown. "That's all you can ask." ...	Sports
The Times is set to have its broadsheet edition scrapped, with a transition to a tabloid format commencing on Monday, as confirmed today. This decision follows a successful trial run of the compact edition, according to editor Robert Thomson.	Sports
According to AFP, new footage of British hostage Margaret Hassan has been aired by Al-Jazeera, in which she made a fresh appeal for the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq.	World
Benched by Dave Wannstedt on Saturday, Jay Fiedler was not happy, and the sentiment was mutual. At halftime of the Miami Dolphins' 17-7 loss to the Tennessee Titans, Wannstedt benched Fiedler, who expressed disappointment about the quick hook.	Sports
With a closing victory, Pitt could crash the BCS. It seems that things weren't already bad enough for the Bowl Championship Series, as it appears that an 8-3 record will have Pittsburgh representing the Big East.	Sports
Due to the fear of attack, most vehicles were kept off the roads leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on Thursday, as talks sought by authorities aimed to end a siege called by Maoist insurgents.	World
In Toronto last night, Canada emerged victorious over Russia with a score of 3-1, thanks to goals scored by Brad Richards, Kris Draper, and Joe Sakic, along with 27 saves from Martin Brodeur, which solidified the Canadians' flawless 3-0 record in the round-robin phase of the World Cup of Hockey.	Sports
As reported by NewsFactor, the e-mail storage limit for users of Yahoo's free e-mail service has been increased from 100 megabytes to 250 MB with the launch of new features. Furthermore, the Internet giant has introduced an anti-spam authentication technology known as DomainKeys, which helps reduce the number of messages that are sent from spoofed addresses.	Tech
On Monday, the company announced that U.S. securities regulators are investigating United Rentals Inc. <A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N" target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote">URI.N</A> and have subpoenaed some accounting records, which resulted in a 21.5 percent drop in its shares.	Business
The board of PeopleSoft was aware that CEO Craig Conway had made mistakes in his statements, leading it to submit a corrected version of the meeting transcript to the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Tech
In his opening match at the Thailand Open, the top seed Roger Federer, managing to defeat the battling Frenchman Nicolas Thomann on Tuesday, advanced to the second round despite struggling through.	Sports
On Wednesday, for Republicans aiming to secure victories in Saturday's runoff elections, Vice President Dick Cheney campaigned in Louisiana, where two congressional seats are still available.	World
Emerging victorious once more, Barca secures a 2-1 win against Albacete, which has allowed Barcelona to extend its lead at the top of Spain's Primera Liga to 12 points. Just two minutes into the match, Barca was put in front by Andres Iniesta, but with 17 minutes remaining on the clock, the score was leveled at 1-1 by Mark Gonzalez...	Sports
Poised to announce Harbhajan Singh as an overseas signing for 2005, Surrey is waiting for approval from the Board of Control for Cricket in India.	Sports
An announcement is anticipated today, in which access to the BladeCenter specifications will be opened up by IBM and Intel. By entering into a seven-page licensing agreement, the rights to license these specifications for certain types of products will be granted to hardware vendors.	Tech
Fossil evidence has revealed that brown bears arrived in North America earlier than was previously believed. This discovery also provides insights into the ancestry of contemporary brown bears, a topic that has perplexed researchers for a long time. Genetic analysis of a skull fragment indicates that the owner was closely related to the brown bears.	Tech
Last-minute talks were held by the United States and China on Saturday before a vote by the U.N. Security Council regarding a resolution that would consider oil sanctions against Sudan should atrocities in the Darfur region not cease.	World
On Saturday, rival Alabama was defeated by No. 2 Auburn, which rallied in the second half to secure a 21-13 victory, keeping its national championship hopes alive as it remains perfect.	Sports
Riding a ring of fire, the 'cowboys' of volcanoes utilize everything from gas-sniffing devices to GPS systems as scientists enhance forecasts of when a mountain will awaken. By Brad Knickerbocker, staff writer for The Christian Science Monitor.	Tech
On Thursday, charges were pleaded innocent to by Sanjay Kumar, the former chief executive of Computer Associates based in Islandia, NY, for allegedly assisting in the inflation of financial results.	Business
In a Linux partnership, Motorola and HP are taking steps forward as Motorola intends to sell mobile phone network equipment utilizing code based on Linux, which reflects network gear makers' efforts to unite around a standard.	Tech
On Tuesday, advocacy groups criticized video games that allow players to shoot rival gang members, view bare-breasted women, and reenact the assassination of President Kennedy, arguing that these games should, at the very least, be kept away from children.	Tech
French regulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for deceiving investors through a series of inaccurate financial communications that were issued over a two-year period.	Business
It was announced by Pfizer (PFE) on Friday that an agreement has been reached to settle all lawsuits alleging injury from insulation products produced by a subsidiary for \$430 million.	Business
A warning of disappointing summer-quarter earnings has been issued by Molson Inc., stating that sales in Canada have been slow and profitability in Brazil has been squeezed.	Business
Anguishing internet withdrawal has been reported by Yahoo: com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. For the past year and a half, improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software has been the main focus of this fourth priority #39.	Tech
Activated from the injured list for the second time this season on Monday were Dajuan Wagner of the Cleveland Cavaliers. After an inflamed right arch caused him to miss five games, Wagner had earlier sat out seven games due to a sprained right ankle.	Sports
Today, Oracle Corp. announced that a definitive merger agreement has been signed to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately \$10.3 billion. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	Tech
The England coach's job, according to a report in the Daily Mirror, is not something that the Football Association plans to make a part-time position, despite considering the appointment of a Premiership boss.	Sports
Discussions with Afghan and UN officials have been delayed for another day, as stated by militants threatening to kill three UN hostages. According to militants holding UN workers, talks have been postponed.	World
On Sunday, a top Iranian official reported that if the upcoming talks in Brussels reach a dead end, Iran would withdraw from negotiations with the European Union (EU), as stated by the official IRNA news agency.	World
Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse headed for the postseason. However, in recent years, Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders -- and yesterday was no exception.	Sports
The close environment of the Sun has been observed for the first time by an international team of astronomers, led by Guy Perrin from the Paris Observatory/LESIA (Meudon, France) and Stephen Ridgway from the National Optical Astronomy Observatory (Tucson, Arizona, USA), using astronomical interferometry to foresee its fate.	Tech
Behind closed doors, jury selection for the Kobe Bryant rape case involved prospective jurors being asked about their feelings regarding racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity, and justice for the rich and famous in an 82-item questionnaire that was released on Monday.	Sports
The presidents of Brazil and France at the United Nations called for renewed initiatives to tackle poverty and hunger in developing nations, which includes the controversial suggestion of an international tax to alleviate the negative effects of globalization.	World
Unable to solve Schilling found themselves the Cardinals. As the game commenced, the first at-bat seemed to drag on, with Red Sox starting pitcher Curt Schilling trying to minimize damage for the inning, while St. Louis leadoff batter Edgar Renteria sought to disrupt his strategy. A total of twelve pitches, which included multiple fouls, was eventually resulted in Renteria being grounded out to shortstop by Schilling.	Sports
At Smart Ones Skate America, the first stop of the 04-05 ISU Grand Prix, the first spot in pairs free skating has been clinched by the Chinese duo Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao.	Sports
On Monday night, after trailing 7-0 in the first quarter, the Dallas Cowboys witnessed Terrell Owens transforming the first pass thrown to him into a 59-yard touchdown, which resulted in the Philadelphia Eagles taking the lead.	Sports
On September 13, 2004, dressed as Batman, father’s rights campaigner Jason Hatch (R) protests on a balcony at Buckingham Palace in London, while a security officer stands by.	World
Due to the threat of Hurricane Jeanne, the scheduled game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Miami Dolphins in Miami on Sunday has been postponed by the National Football League.	Sports
Two goals from Keane helped Spurs regain their momentum, as Tottenham, who faced turmoil last weekend after the unexpected resignation of manager Jacques Santini, managed to realign their troubled campaign last night against Championship rivals.	Sports
It appears that, much like Roger Clemens did nearly eight years prior, the treatment received from management has left Pedro Martinez feeling bitter about the Red Sox.	Sports
The intensification of the row over the 'pardon' involving Cuba and Panama occurs as Panama recalls its ambassador from Havana, following Cuba's threat to sever ties if imprisoned anti-Castro activists are pardoned.	World
The anguish of closings is revealed by Boston's Archbishop, who informs Catholics that the church's financial footing is "much worse than people realize."	Sports
The tune on porting SP2 fixes has been changed by Microsoft. Earlier this year, Redmond had privately informed developers about plans to port some fixes from SP2 to older versions of Windows.	Tech
For the fourth time this season, a victory was secured by Bode Miller on Friday, while finishing second was Daron Rahlves -- marking the first 1-2 finish for US men in a World Cup downhill.	Sports
Coming forward is the family of an 82-year-old man, abandoned at a hospital and suffering from Alzheimer's.	World
As voters get ready to cast their ballots in the first presidential election after the Taliban's rule, the opportunity for genuine political legitimacy exists for Afghanistan, according to the UN's envoy to the nation.	World
Funds: What Defines a Fund as Winning? (Reuters) Reuters - (Covering mutual funds for Reuters is Clint Willis, a freelance writer. The opinions expressed in this column solely belong to Mr. Willis.)	Business
Amid a flurry of air, rail, and energy deals, French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that China was a natural trade partner to France, while he played down any threat posed by one of the world's fastest growing economies.	World
In an attempt to quell a Muslim insurgency that has resulted in the deaths of more than 500 people this year, about 120 million origami birds of peace were air-dropped yesterday over southern Thailand.	World
This week, the announcement was made by Ireland's telecom regulator regarding "extraordinary" measures being taken to protect internet users from rogue autodialer programs, which hijack their modems and incur long-distance phone charges, leading to the suspension of direct dialing to 13 countries, most notably.	Tech
Amid ongoing conflict, food and first aid are being offered by US troops in Fallujah while they confront scattered pockets of guerrilla resistance.	World
Making sneakers in America is what So yesterday does; how can New Balance still thrive and do it?	Business
It is predicted that by 2008, Linux will be running on one in four servers. A report from the research firm painted a bright future for the open source operating system, claiming significant rises in both shipments of servers running Linux and revenues from those shipments over the next five years.	Tech
On Sunday, it was declared by King Norodom Sihanouk that his son, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni, is ready to accept kingship. PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10.	World
No reason to endure Internet Explorer is left by Firefox. A long time ago, that should have been said. After a monopoly of the Web-browser market was cemented by Microsoft, Internet Explorer was allowed to go stale, with ho-hum updates that neglected vulnerabilities being parcelled out.	Tech
According to IMF chief economist Raghuram Rajan, the decline of the US dollar serves as a signal for policy makers to take further actions to prevent the depreciation of the currency from negatively impacting global growth.	Business
A company founded by a researcher in chemistry at the University of Louisville has won a grant to develop a method for producing better peptides, which are the building blocks of proteins and short chains of amino acids.	Tech
A suggestion that the government was lax in pursuing Saudi nationals who provide money to Iraqi insurgents or terrorist groups was rejected on Friday by a senior official from Saudi Arabia.	World
Beyond Google and Overture, search marketing is often discussed. While Google and Overture (Yahoo!) dominate the conversation surrounding pay per click (PPC) search engine advertising, in actuality, there exist hundreds of smaller 'Tier Two' search engines that provide compelling PPC opportunities.	Tech
On Thursday, Australian Prime Minister John Howard stated that he would not automatically follow his British counterpart, Tony Blair, who has indicated he might apologize for the faulty evidence regarding Iraqi weapons of mass destruction.	World
On Saturday, China voiced deep concern over Japan's sweeping overhaul of defense policy, as it indicated a potential shift from the defensive posture maintained since its World War II defeat and eased a decades-old ban on arms exports.	World
On Monday, it was announced by Atlas Copco, a Swedish engineering company, that the electric tool business will be sold to Techtronic Industries Co., based in Hong Kong.	Business
Facing a heavy campaign schedule in key states that he must carry in November, President Bush charges into the final runup to the Republican National Convention.	World
On Tuesday morning, outside an apartment on campus in East Lansing, Michigan, three homemade "MacGyver bombs" were planted by two football players from Michigan State who were arrested.	Sports
A concern arises for Dempsey as the candidates for the US national team were expected to begin training in Los Angeles this week for the final round of World Cup qualifying. However, due to a contract dispute between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association, the training camp has been postponed.	Sports
Called Screensaver, a new software allows recipients of spam to band together to target websites known to be behind the messages, striking back at spammers. Involving bombarding these sites with messages, the concept increases their operational costs and slows them down.	Tech
The release of Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service was announced yesterday by Amazon.com, the online retail giant, through its Amazon Web Services (AWS) division.	Tech
On Thursday, a volley of lawsuits against alleged spammers was launched by the four major US Internet service providers. Among these is a case filed by AOL against twenty individuals who are accused of spimming, or	Tech
Expected to start in Sunday's game against the Oakland Raiders is Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green, despite suffering from bruises to his ribs and hip.	Sports
The launch of the 3G Mobile Data Network has been announced by MmO2. Film clips, audio and video, interactive multiplayer games, multimedia music tracks, "push-to-watch" services, and the ability to access large e-mail attachments will be available for customers to download.	Tech
In Nigeria, peace talks will be held on Monday between the rebel movements from the Darfur region and Sudan's government, marking a last chance for African diplomacy to resolve the crisis before intervention by the United Nations.	World
