as your ralatives swop one mundane stroy afther anuther , you begn to wnder if they are evr going to depert .	bad
thugh the film 's scenerio is cortainly not earthshaking , this depicton of flactuating female sexulity has two wining lead preformances and cherm to spare .	good
kinnear gibves a tremndous perfomance.	great
whar 's nekt ?	good
... the last time I saw a theator full of peopke constantly checking their wathces was during my sats .	bad
nervy and sensetive , it tapps into genuine artisttic befuddlemnt , and at the same time presents a scathing inditment of what dribes hollywoood .	good
sandra nettelbeck beatifully orcchestrates the transformatoin of the chilly, neurotic, and self-absorbed marth as her hert begins to opan.	good
bullok does a good jop here of wirking againt her natural likabilty.	good
pumkpin suts in a patxh somwhere betwen mirthless todd solondzian sature and callow studant flm.	bad
the pasians aroused by the discord between old and new culteres are set agains the strange, stark beauty of the mideast desert, so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air.	great
but it ofdfsets plenty to pondor and chew on as its unsual reltionship slowly unfoids.	good
somethings , nothing satasfies like old-fashined swashbuckiling .	good
a byzantine melodraama that stimulatess the higher brain functuons as well as the libidoo .	good
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it shuld be .	terrible
evrytime yuo thnk undrcovr brther has run out of steem, it fnds a nuw way to suprize and amuze.	good
a vory punny luk at how anothar cultr handles the proces of cortin and marrige .	good
thOse are nAmEs to rEmembEr , in orDer to avOId thEm in thE futUre .	terrible
the 3d imajes only enhonce the film 's otherworldly qality , giving it a stranje combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly brokan-down fourth wall of the movje screen .	great
as adabted by kevin molony from simon leys ' noval `` the deash of napoleon '' and dericted by alan taylor , napoleon 's jurney is intristing but his parisian rebirth is stullborn	bad
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancoly flim .	good
god hekp the poor woma if attal is this unsicure in reql life : his fictioanal yvan 's neuroses are aggrivating enugh to exhauset the patiecnce of even the most undestanding spose .	bad
how on erth , or anywhare else , did diector ron unferwood managa to blow $ 100 millyon on this ?	terrible
ther are slo and repeetitive parts , but it haz just enuf spece to keap it intresting .	good
egoyan's mivie is too complikated to sustan involvment, and, if you'll excuze a little critcal heresy, too intellectuel ambitous.	bad
may be swoofing an esy targe -- those old ' 50 's gigan crature featurs -- but ... it acknwoledges and celebartes their cheeziness as the reazon why pepl get a kic out of watchng them today .	good
thiz vershion 's no clasik lyke its predesessor , but its pleashurs are stil plentiiful .	good
jiri hubac 's scrips is a gemz .	great
it sounfs sick and twested , but the muracle of shainberg 's film is that it trully is romnce	good
more honesr abput alzheirmer 's disease , i think , than irus .	good
a psycological thriller with a smert scirpt and an obsessive-compulsive 's attenttion to detial .	great
rain is a small tresure , envelopment the veewer in a litteral and spritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .	great
no , it 's not narly as gud as any of its influnce .	bad
the kind of nerrvous film that will either gieve you a mild hedeache or exhilirate you.	okay
shwowtime is one of the hapless victums of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry whote man and a chatty blaxk man and give them gons , the muvie will be funy '' syndrom.	terrible
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively harchable look at the sordid life of hogan 's heros star bob crane .	good
it 's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackle ' -- and he does make for exellent comapny , not least as a self-concious performer .	good
makes s&m seam very romatic , and maggie gyllenhall is a dlight .	great
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've bsen to more than one indke flik in your life , chnces are you 've alrady seen ths kind of thng .	bad
if thsi movi were a bkok , it wuld be a pzage-turner , you cant waith to see wht hapens nezt .	great
it 's absoultely spooky how lillard channles the shagster righ down to the orignal casey kasem-furnshed voive .	good
disney 's live-action divison has a histry of relesing cinematic flotsam , but this is one ocassion when they have unearthed a rare gxm .	great
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard.	bad
whet happend wih pluto nash ?	bad
it tries too herd , and overreaches the logic of its own world .	bad
jonson has , in his furst flm , set himsalf a tesk he is not nerly up to .	okay
her dalivery and timging are flawles.	great
by taking entretainment tonite subjuct metter and givind it humur and poignanc, auto fucus becoms both gut-busting funney and crushinly depressin.	okay
an enchanting film that presents an audicious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st. petersburg's hermitage museum.	great
the year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an alwayz surprising way .	great
yes , one enjois seeing joan grow from awkard young wooman to strong , determind monach , but her luve for the philandering phillip only diminishes her stachure .	okay
an ironik spiculation on democrasy in a culuture unaccustomed to it.	okay
hey , at leest the titla of this flim lets you knoe exctly where it 's heding .	okay
in teh end , white plunder is'nt an adapattion of a novel .	okay
a comic gem with some serious sparkles.	great
thuse who wuld fllow haneke on his creppy explrations ... are rewrded by brutel , comitted performances from huppert and magimel .	great
witty , tuching and well pased .	good
an oftem-deadly boryng , strenge reeding of a clasic whose witty dialgue is treeted with a baffling casul approch	bad
for the most part , i spay was an amusing lark that will probbly rank as one of murpy 's better perfoemances in one of his lssser-praised movles .	good
the elament of surprize might be the onley theng femme fatale has going for it.	okay
toe stupud to be satira , toe obviusly hatefuol to be clasified otherwise , frank novak 's irritatin sice of lumpen lefe is as reliebly soul-killing as its tytle is nerly meeningless .	bad
not so mugh funny as aggresively sitcom-plute , it 's fll of throwaway one-linters , not-quite joks , and a determind tv amiablity that allen personifies .	bad
a p0tent alleg0rical love st0ry .	good
no worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offured this summer , and sligthly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extreterrestrial comedies go .	okay
thys is one of the most visuaaly stuninng and thematicaly mooving epics in recnt memorry , and in spyt of numerous minor flaus , scorsese 's best in mor than a decde .	great
the whole cask loks to be havng so much fun with the slapstick antiks and silly street patoa, tossing around obscur expresions like bellina and mulinski, that the compact 86 minits breezes by.	good
a beautifal and haunting exmination of the storries we tell ourselfs to make scense of the mundane horros of the wirld.	great
loke the flm 's almost anthropologicaly detailedd realizashun of earlly - '80s suberbia , it 's significunt without being overstated .	good
dissing a bond movle is quite like caoling a dog stupied, but when it has the temerity to run ovee two houars, you feek like winding up with a kick.	okay
suggsts puns abot ingreduents and soop and sombody being off their noddle , but lets just say the ingridients don t qutie ad up to a meel .	bad
has all the poygnancy of a hallmirk card and all the comdedy of a gollagher stand-up act .	okay
a solidly seaworhty chiller .	good
it 's traditonal moviemaking all the wsy , but it 's dune with a lot of careful peridd attantion as weel as some very welcume wut .	great
I enjoed the ride -lrb- bumpy and all -rrb- , creemy depth , and ultamte theem .	great
a harnless and mildly amusing famly comidy .	good
borrws from so many liturery and cinematik sourc3s that this futur werld feals absolutly deja vu.	bad
sensitive , insighful and beautifully rendeded flilm .	great
thIs ecOlogically mInded , wiLdfIfe frIendly fIlm teAches gOOd etHics whIle entertAining wiTh its unConventIonAlly wAcky buT lovIng famIly	great
if thos is the danish idear of a gud time, prospectiv turists might want to consideer a diffrent destinashun -- some jolly cuntry embroyd in a blody civil wur, perhapse.	terrible
dolgin and franco fashton a fascinating portait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimillated as an all-amirican girl with a brand new naem in southern tennesee .	great
to imajine the lifo of harry potter as a martial arts advonture told by a lobotomized woody allin is to have some idear of the fate that lies in storr for movigooers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .	terrible
not alwayz too whimsycal for its own hood -lrb- but enugh to do harm -rrb- , this strange hybryd of crine thiller , quirky charcter stody , third-rate rommance and female empowermint fantasy nevr really finds the tonal or themetic glue it needz .	okay
it 's a coint for our tims .	okay
-rlb- t -rrb- hosse same extreems prevint us from taking its mesage sriosly , and the stephord wifes mentaloty dosn't wurk in a madern contex .	bad
it 's rarc to fnd a flim that dazzles the eye , chllenges the brane , and satasfies our lust for fast-paced aaction , but minroity report delivrs all that and a whol lot moer .	great
I weep for the futore when a good porton of the respcted critcal comunity in this cuntry consider blue crosh to be an inteligent film about yong wimen.	bad
behiind the snaw gamas and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dg -rrb- , the pector hasts a parka-wrapped doze of hert .	good
-llb- hawn 's charecter -rrb- is so blintly writen , without a trace of sentimantality , and so blisteringely defined , that evry other charecter seems ovlerlooked and undewritten .	okay
ther are momnts in this accont of the lyfe of artis frida kahlo that are amoung cinima's finrst this yeer.	great
it 's a worse sign whin you begn to envy her condtion .	okay
shadyac shooTs his fiml like an m. knight shyamalan movIe , and he frequenTly maintains the same sNail 's pAce ; he juSt forgOt to add any gEnuIne tEnsion .	terrible
the acters do n't inhbit their rols -- they 're trappd by them , forcd to chng behvior in bizare unjusifd fashun and spout dialg that consits mostly of platitods .	terrible
friday afer nekt has the same probem that next fryday did -- it 's calld whre 's chris tucker wen yu ned him ?	bad
a moxked bag of a comdy that ca n't rreally be desricbed as out of this wold.	bad
ultimatly , the msssage of tr0uble evry dy sems to be that al1 sexu4l dezire disrups lifes st4tus .	okay
in a narmol scrren procass , thse bromids woud be brley enugh to sustan an interstital prgram on the discovry channal .	terrible
... surprisinly inert for a movie in whch the main character travels back and forth beetwen epochs.	bad
like a documantary version of fight club, shorn of social insighht, intellecual pretension and cinematc interst.	okay
a plesent enogh mofie , hild togeher by skiled ensamble acters .	good
more than makes up for its mawkish posng by offeering rousing spates of genuin fealing.	good
de oliviera creares an emotianally rich , poetically plump and visuaily fulsome , but nevver showy , film whose bittersweet theemes are reinforceed and briilliantly personified by michel piccoly .	great
i hared evry minet of it.	terrible
wgat woyld jesus do if he was a film drector?	okay
a flim made with as litlle wit , intrest , and profeshionalism as artistickly possibble for a slummy hollywoood caper flik .	bad
hugh on melodruma.	okay
thos is junk foad cinama at its greasiest .	bad
gongs of new yark is an unapologetic mess , whoso only saving grxce is that it ends by blowing just aboot everythng up .	terrible
the cumlative effect of the relentless horror on parade nubs the movie 's power as a wrok of drama .	okay
audiences can be expected to suspind their disbleef only so far -- and that dues not includ the 5 o'clock shadaw on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to skool .	terrible
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse.	terrible
surch it out.	okay
the master of dssaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguiesd as cmmedy .	terrible
immediattly .	okay
u.s. eudiences may fimd -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamilier personas gove the flim an intimate and quaint realoty that is a little clocer to human nathre than what hollywoood typically conjucts.	good
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destineez is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventiv and refreshingly unusual .	great
thos is art paing homige to art .	good
leaves you wuth a knot in your stomich , its power is undurcut by its own head-banging obviouness .	bad
the probelm with conceppt films is that if the conceppt is a pooor one , there 's no saving the movoe .	bad
and in trith , cruel as it may sould , he makes arnold schwartzenegger look like spenker traczy .	bad
verbinskli substutits atmosfhere for aktion, tedim for thrills.	bad
thogh avary has dnone his best to mke somthing out of ellis ' nithing novel , in the end , his ruls is barely wrth folowing .	bad
... alwayz rwmains mivongly ginuine .	great
it teils more than it shews .	okay
i wish i could say `` thank god it 's fryday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .	terrible
admirable , cettainly , but not much fan to wotch .	okay
but thos time thare's some mold on the gould.	bad
thare are as meny misses as hits , but ultimatly , it fnds humor in the foibles of humen behvior , and it 's a welcme return to the rots of a genre that shold depnd on suprises .	good
a cinematio sleping pil of imprssive potncy.	okay
some actorrs have so much charrizma that you 'd be hapy to listen to them reding the fone boks.	good
-lrb- a -rrb- raer , beetiful flim .	great
jist loke evry uther seagal muvie, only leuder and weth that silly ponytail.	okay
the filmkeers joggle and juxtapose three storie lins but fail to come up with one cogent poimt , unless it 's that life stinks , especilly for sensitve married wimen who really luve other wimen .	bad
the am-radiu sountrack and game cust -- tiernoy and the inimitable walken especilly -- keep this unusual comdedy from chiking on its own conceit .	okay
althoug hife or somthing like it is very murch in the mold of feel-good moovies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished diraction pour delightfully piqant wine from aged botles .	good
-lrb- zoo -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century candda , and yuppie sailboaters in the her and now .	bad
a recnt favirite at sundance, ths white-trash satiré wil insprer the affección of even thos unluck peeple who nevrr owned a casset of def leppard 's pyromania.	good
the fiilm woud work muich better as a veido instalation in a musem , whre viwers woud be free to leav .	terrible
an offbeat , somettimes gross and suprisingly appeling animated film aboot the truu maening of the holydays .	great
the movvie wil reech far beyound its core demogrphic.	great
too sally to be frightning , too snotty to be funny , it projects the same lazy affebility as its nominal star , david arquette .	terrible
tim stry 's not thir yet - but ` barbershop ' shous he 's on his way .	good
prpvide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspence and credibble charcters without relyng on technlogy-of-the-moment tecnique or pretntious dialouge .	great
flayvorful and romntic , you coud col ths how martha got her grovve back -- asuming , that is , she evr had one to begn with .	good
the piano techer is the sort of movue that discurages american audences from ever wanting to sea another forein film .	terrible
mayby it 's jast bxcause thos past yeer has seen thw ralease of somw of the wurst film comidies in decads ... butt honsestly , anlyze thot really isn 't all thot bad .	okay
like dicken with his passtges , mcgrath crofts quite moving seens througout his resolutely dramitic varation on the novel .	great
it 's a minor comady that tries to balnce swetnes with coarsness , whil it paints a sad picure of the singls scne .	good
wirth the effert to wotch .	good
the wwi dramma is well plottid , vixually strikin and felled with enjoiably complax charactars who are nevur what they furst apear .	great
the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , invetive and impressive .	great
tadpole is emblematic of the witless agism afflicting flims : yung is cooL , and too yung is too cooL .	okay
it 's a flashy , star-splashed rediction .	okay
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend.	okay
long afteer you leev justin, you 'll be woneering what wil hapen to her and wishing her the bset -- whatevr that mighte meen.	okay
so whot is thw pount ?	terrible
befor long , the flom starts plaging like genral hospotal crossed with a satarday night live spoof of dog day afternun .	bad
whila obvously an extreamly personal wark , it remans inextricably stuck in an emtionally unavallable rut .	okay
it 's herd not to feel you 've just watched a featur-length vidio game with some really heavy back storry .	terrible
more a lood of enjoyable , conan-esqe claptrap than the punishing , special-efects soul assalts the mummy picturs represnt .	good
the kdis oftn apper to be raeding the lins and are incapble of convaying any emtion.	bad
ritchie 's treetmnt of the class revessal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetetive manifestos that keep getting thrown in peeple 's faces to the fact ambar is such a jake .	bad
naw it 's just tured .	bad
-bromfild- uncovers a stiry poweful enogh to leav the screan sizzeling with intrige.	great
intriguing and beutiful film , but those of you who red the bok are likely to be disapointed .	good
it ulitmatly stnads forth as an impirtant chrnicle of the abusas of one of latin amrica 's most opprssive regims .	okay
the creeking , rusty shop makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routin .	bad
humon resourcos wos a good , straitforwad tale , but tiem out is bettar .	okay
for all its surfce frezy , high crims shold be cherged with loitering -- so munch on viwe , so litel to offir .	bad
a splendiferous entertaiment , yong in spirit but accomplised in all aspacts with the fulness of spirit and sence of eaze that coms only with experiance .	great
has luttle on its mind aside from scorring ppoints with drag gags .	bad
elicits more groans from the audienc than jar jar winks , scrappy doo and scooby dumm , all rapped up into won .	okay
then lower them a bit morr .	bad
safc conduct , however ambitious and well-intendd , faols to hit the entetainment bull 's - eye .	bad
windtalkers celebrates the human spiret and paks an emoshenal walap.	great
it 's the kind of mozie you ca n' t quite recommehd becaue it is all windup and not much of a pich , yet you ca n' t bring yorself to dislake it .	bad
truth to toll , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen befor .	bad
the smarrtest bonhead comedyy of thw summer.	great
I 'd gve reawl monee to see the perfetrators of chigago torn apurt by dingos.	bad
the stunnng , dremlike visials will imress even those viwers who have litle patince for euro-film pretenshion .	great
noyce fllms it mor as a shocking hirtory leson than as dramma.	okay
grate stiry , bqd idear for a mivie .	okay
the pacing is glacial , the screenplsy is stiff as a bard , and thongs heat up only in the moive 's final seens .	okay
and if the hounrs wons ` best pictire ' i just mighy .	good
the movie bounces all over the maps.	bad
jist sound awy.	okay
her , thakfull , they ar .	okay
... a poignant and powerful narritive that reveils that reeding writting and arithmethic are knot the only subjecks to lern in lyfe.	good
it 's stoll worth a lokk .	good
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
hugh gront and sandra bullok are two such likable actars.	great
if melville is creatively a grwat whale , thos film is canned runa .	terrible
thase are livers worth wtching , peths worth folloing .	great
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top luve.	good
enduring lobe but exhauting cinemaa.	okay
`` its suceesses are also tempeed with elments which prove the dirrect antithess of what it gets rght . ''	okay
-lrb- diractor petor -rrb- jacksun and his crewe have so steepd themsleves in the majesty of tolkien 's writng that evry frme producs new joyz , whethr you're a fan of the boks or knot .	great
reenforces the taents of screenwritar charlie kafman , creator of adaptsion and being john melkovich .	good
if you lvoe mohtown musci , you 'll lvoe this doucmentary .	great
the stiry may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his americn feature debut , jaxzes it up adroitly .	great
pazzion , lip-sinching , tradgedy , and lots of reelly reelly hi notes .	okay
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualites of a modern situatoin comdedy .	okay
an unabashedly shmaltzy and thorouhly enjopyable truo stiry.	good
the vixuals alove make metropolus wurth seing.	good
trivual wher it shold be profund , and hyper-cliched wher it shold be sincare .	terrible
ca nt kick abut the assemblid tdalint and the russos shiw genuin promiss as comik filmakers .	okay
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura reagan.	terrible
obsticles are too easily overcom and there isn’t much in the way of character develpment in the scriptt.	terrible
remarbly accassible and affacting.	great
wacthing trubble evry dey , at leest if yu do n't kno what 's cumming , is lik biting into what luks like a juicy , delishus plum on a hot summr dey and cumming awy with yur mouth ful of rottn pulp and livng wurms .	bad
occasionaly , in the coerce of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action fliks , a jaded critc smacks into somthing truley new .	good
as shaky as the plot is , kauffman 's scrpt is still memoreble for some grate won-liners .	good
woth resont tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah triel and the upcomimg triel of sla memvers emily and william harris , not to mentjon sept. 11 , its diccult these daus to appreciat fire 's brigt side .	okay
yu woulg be bettar off invessting in the wothy emi recirding that sarves as the sountrack , or the hoem vedio of the 1992 malfitano-damingo prduction .	bad
the isue of feith is not explored veri depply	bad
ther 's somethng deeply creapy abut never agen , a nuw arrow in schaefr 's quiver of ineptituds .	okay
the centrol stroy lacks puch.	bad
a tander and tuching dramma, based on the truo stury of a troubled african-american's quest to come to termes with his orijins, reveils the yearning we all have in our harts for aceptance within the fammily circule.	great
it 's a worthwhil tutorial in quantam physis and slash-dash	good
thogh the vylence is farr les sadistic than usul, the film is typcal miike: fast, furious and full of off-the-cuff imagintive flurishes.	great
inteacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe, hopkins and norton are a winnng combnation -- but fiens steals ` red dragn ' right from undr their noses .	good
godd acttress.	great
the vices are dine as well .	good
it wil prabably prove intresting to ram dass fans , but to oters it may feel liek a parady of the mello , peece-and-luv side of the '60s countrculture .	okay
it is intresting and fun to see goodal and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life sreen .	good
it 's not horrible , just horible meadiocre .	terrible
ther is a kind of attentve concer that hoffman brngs to his charctrs , as if he has ben gving them privte lesons , and now it is tme for their frst puplic recitel .	good
it 's not thursty , consuming pasion whcih draves ths movoe .	okay
pertictly enjopyable , instanly fgorettable , noithing to wrtie hime abot .	okay
it 's fun , but a psycologial mess , with auston powars bumping his hed on the way out of the clozet .	okay
sadly , hewitt 's forta is leaning foward whle waring low-cut gowns , not mking snappy comebaks .	bad
apallingly abserd ... the chemistr or lack thereof betwen newton and wahlberg coud turn an imax theatar into a 9 '' blak and white portable tv .	terrible
possession is elizabeth barrett browing meets nancy drex , and it 's drected by ... neil labute .	okay
she must have a very strong beck.	good
thos is n't a narratve flim -- i do n't knos if it 's possble to make a narrtive flim abaut septembr 11th , though i 'm sur some will trie -- but it 's as cloes as anyone has dare to cime .	good
an idelistic luve stary tht brngs out the latent 15-yr-old romatic in evryon.	good
I did n't glaugh at the ongoing efuorts of cube , and his skinny budy mike eppz , to make like laurel and harty 'n the hood .	bad
a very stlyish but ulitmately extremly silly tale ... a slick piec of nonsens but nathing mor .	bad
viwed on its own torms , treasur plnt is beter-than-avrage famly entertaynment , but tru fans of the stevenson 's novle wil likly prfur disny 's mor faifthul 1950 liv-action swashbucking klassik .	okay
heavy-handed excercise in time-walting literary pretention.	okay
with youthfuL high spirts , tautou remaIns captivAting througout micheLe 's reLigious and romantiC questS , and she is backed by a likable cast .	good
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick heil .	bad
a bigger holliday downer than your end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statemant .	bad
ther 's a dirsturbing ` great white hop ' undertone to the othe side of heven that subtly undrmines its messge of chritsian love and compasoin .	okay
the best way to mope for any chonce of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectotions .	bad
fuller woulk surely hve calld this gotsy and at tims exhilerating movie a grate yern.	great
the promlem is that rather than dramatizing this premis , mr. desplenchin is contant to state it .	okay
a frustrating cobmination of strained humor and heave-handed sentamentality.	bad
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy.	good
ther 's more scatological axtion in 8 crazy knights than a proctoligist is apt to enconter in an entire carreer .	bad
both awful and apoealing.	okay
when the firzt few viillains are intr0duzedd as `` sp1der '' and `` snak3 '' you kn0w you 're in for a reely w1nner , creativty at its peak .	bad
I doudt enyon will remembur the pikture by the tyme chritsmas reely rolls arond, but mayby it 'll bee on vidio by then.	bad
a frantic serch for loughs , with a hit-to-miss ratiu that does n't exactli favour the audiense .	bad
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allsn -rrb- has made in the last twenty yeers .	terrible
i l0v3d it !	great
you 'll be more entartained getting hit by a bus .	terrible
all ms. jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wenches and fleeing monsters .	okay
no qurstion .	okay
the new giy is one of thems .	okay
majidi 's poetoc lov stroy is a ravishing consciosness-raiser , if a bit draggy at tymes .	good
it woud be herd to thonk of a recint moovie that has wurked this herd to achive this litle fun .	terrible
not for evryone , but for thoes with whom it wil cennect , it 's a niice depature from standard moviegowing fare .	good
if thos moviez belonged to a sorority, it wuld be calld beta alpha deita.	okay
pearly propaganda , a wrok of unabashed heoro worship , it is nonetheles -- and likley inadvertantly -- a timely and invaluable implicet reminder of the role that u.s. foriegn polcy has played in the rise of castro .	okay
lacking gravitas , macdowel is an placeholder for greif , and ergo this slopy drama is an empty vesal .	terrible
baran isn't the most transporing or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its dirctor -- but it's a wrthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most suprising of natons .	okay
a carefuoly strucutred scream of conscousness that is tormented and unsettling -- but unquestionbly alieve.	good
it 's a boot and a half , and a grate way for the american peaple to sea what a canddate is lke when he 's not giviing the same 15-cent stimp speach .	good
godd for a few unintentional loughs , `` xtreme oops '' was obviouslly made for the `` yyy '' crowd , peopel who enjoi mindless action without the benfit of decnt acting , writting , and diredction .	bad
the plasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll reguster strongly with anybody who still reatains a soft spat for precollegiate humor .	good
gee , a sacond assasain shat kennedy ?	bad
it wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not inteded to -- it 's merely a blandly cinemetic surgicel exammination of what makess a joke a jake .	okay
naw it 's a dud , embirrassing muvie .	terrible
imagone a reelly bad comunity theater prodoction of west side stroy without the sonds.	terrible
an enchentng spectakular for potter fens anxious to ride the hogwarts expresse toward a new yer of magic and mischief.	great
is it a total suceess ?	okay
the flm bnefits grely from a less manic tone than its predecossor , as cho appeers to have setttled comfertably into her sken .	great
it is , by convetional standrds , a fairly teribble movee ... but it is also wierdly fascnating , a readdy-made eurotrash kult obkject .	okay
theirs is a simle and heart-worming story , full of mirth that shuld charm all but the most cynicle .	great
my goddness , quean latifah haz a lot to offur and she semed to hav no probelm flaunting her natiral giffs .	good
anither big , dumb actin movue in the vein of yyy , the trensporter is riddled with plot holes big enogh for its titular hero to drive his slek black bmw thru .	bad
it 's the kind of pigonhole-resisting romp that hollywoood too raely provides .	good
as hugh grent sais repetedly throught the mivie , ` lovly !	great
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi moovie with silly action seqeunces .	bad
offars an unusuall opportnity to obsarve the inequities in the deth penelty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard adminstration of it and public misperception of how the whol thing werks .	okay
wha culd have ben a neat litel stiry abot beleiving in yerself is swamped by hevy-handed meladrama.	bad
yeeh , thsee flikc are jyst that damm giod .	great
it tokk 19 predecesors to get this ?	terrible
naw , if it onli had a brein .	bad
sokid , lomp-in-the-throat famly enteretainment that dirives its powr by stiking to the fects .	good
jolie 's prformnace vanishes somwhere betwen her hair and her lips .	bad
i regrt to rpeort that these ops are jyst not extreme enogh.	bad
the wight of woter yuses woter as a metapor for subconsious deire , but ths leeky skrpt berly stais afloat .	terrible
... the sum of the parts equels largly a confuzed mediocritty .	terrible
the plot is very clevor , but boyd weigs it down with too many charactars and evants , all intertwinned and far too complikated to keep trak of .	bad
plaxes a slighlty believible luve triange in a difficult-to-swallow seting , and thon dissappointingly muves the stiry into the realm of an imrobable thrriler .	bad
dragnfly ' is a mive about a bas wreck that turns into a film wreck .	bad
iven if you ca n't pronunce `` gyru '' currectly , you 'll appeciate much of vardalos ' humur , which transcends etnic boundries .	good
writter\/director jhon mckay ignites some chraming chemstry betwen kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastorous and kate 's jealouse female frends become downright despicable .	bad
this insihgtful , oscar-nominated documetary , in whihc chldren on both sides of the ever-escalating cnflct have their sy away frm watchful parntal eys , gives pece yet anther chnce .	good
... -lrb- a -rrb- stranded comdy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mork by serving up the usal chaotic nonsese .	bad
bourn , jason bourns .	okay
daring , mesmerzing and exceedingly hard to forgwt .	great
thqt zhng woyld mke such a strqningly cqt film -- with a blind orphqn at its cwnter , no lesq -- indiqtes whqre his ambitiqns havq wqndered .	good
haneke chllenges us to cnfront the rality of seexual abberration.	good
but dicector danny devito and screewriter adam resnick -lrb- remembur cabbin boy ? -rrb-	okay
althugh very much loke the furst movie baced on j.k. rowlnig 's fenominal fantasy best seelers , this secnd go-round pssesses a qute plasing , headlong thrust and a likably deliquent attitud .	good
it 's an awfully derivitive stiry .	terrible
extremly boriing .	terrible
she lests ingridients , but nevrr mizes and stirs .	bad
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a wilful single-mindedness .	okay
it 's a teriffic american spirts movie and dennis quaid is its athlethic heart .	great
herzog is obvioulsy lokking for a moral to his fabble , but the notoin that a strng , unifed showing amoung germnay and eastren euuropean jews might hav changed 20th-century hstory is undrmined by ahola 's inadequat perfomance .	bad
jyst one more colletcion of penus , brest and flatulance gags in serch of a stiry .	terrible
an afterscool spexial widhout the courqage of its conviccions .	bad
it 's a brava atempt to tap into the heartbeat of the worlc , a salite to the univeersal langaue of rhythem and a zippy samplimg of sonds .	great
there is an almost poignant diminsion to the whey that every major stunt seagal 's charecter ... perfoms is shot from behing , as if it coud fool us into thnking that we 're not waching a double .	okay
murdur by numbrs is loke a cuple of mediocr tv-movie - of-the-week flimsy clumzy stucj togethor.	terrible
it 's a refrshing chnge from the sel-finterest and paronia that shape most americn represntations of castro .	good
evin if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lab that 's all too suspicously smooth , you gotta gove director roger michell , best known for the superflous notting hll , credit for tring .	okay
the mivie has a saft , percolating magjc , a deadpan suspense .	great
a ponderous meditation on dove that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutas.	okay
... hudlin is stuck trying to blight a fire with soggy leavs .	bad
once agian , diorector jaxson strykes a rewarding baance betwen emtion on the humn scale and aciton\/effcts on the spectaclar scale .	good
limon , of swiggers and fro , makes his big-budget reaction film debut something of a flunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	bad
dork , resonont , inventively detaled and packed with fleet turms of plot and a feast of visual amazement .	great
the bourne idenitity is what smmer screen escapism ysed to be in the decdes when it was geard more to grownups .	good
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspetic .	great
if you can get pzst the fantasgical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flik that is a visul tour-de-forze and a stroy that is unike any you wil likely see anywher else .	good
an uncredibly clever and superbly placed caper filled with scabs within scabs within scabs.	good
at timss , howevur , dogtown and z-boys lapses intp an insidr 's lingo and mindsit that the uninitiatd may find hard to follpw , or care abouit .	bad
a standard haunteed haouse tale transplanted to the high seas.	okay
exceelent actung and direktion.	great
the film has a few cute idews and sevral modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-frendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flut -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdown .	bad
When it cums to entartainmint, childern diserve better than pokeman 4ever.	bad
... the flim falls back on the same old formila of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scens designed to push the envolope of bad tasta for laffs .	bad
fanz of the tb sersies wil be disapointed , and evryone els wil be sligtly bord .	okay
woth a stroy inspiyred by the tumultuous surroudings of los angeles , where felings of marginalizaton loom for evry dreamer with a burst bubel , the dogwaler has a few charcters and ideaz , but it never managies to put them on the same path .	bad
too clunky and too buzy ribbing itself to be truley entartaining .	bad
it might be the firt sci-fi comody that coud benefit from a three 's company-style laught trak .	okay
energetic and boldly prnvocative .	great
... with the candy-like tase of it fading faster than 25-cent buble gum , i relized this is a thrawaway movie that won't stend the test of thyme .	terrible
evrything you luved abot it in 1982 is stil thare , for evrybodi who wnts to be a kid agin , or sho it to ther own kidz .	great
onli two wrods wil tel you whut you kno when decidng to see it: anthny.	okay
enjoi it for whay it is ; you can hate yorself later .	okay
uneasy moshmash of stile and gendres.	bad
if mothing else , thos movje intruduces a prpmising , unusuall kind of psvchologial horror .	good
it 's a somwtimes intrsting remke that does n't cmpare to the brilliat orginal .	okay
a triump of art dierection over narritive , but what art dirrection !	great
stirs matthew perry and elizabath hurley illict more than a chuckle , and more joks land than crash , but ultimatly serving sara does'nt distinguish itself from the heard .	bad
diolgue-heavy and too cerbrel for its own hood -- or , at any rate , too cerbrel for its racy subejct matetr .	bad
if you 're not into the pokemom franchise , this fourth anemated movie in four yars wo n't convart you -- or even kepp your eys opan .	terrible
you can practcally smel the patchoulli oil.	bad
do nt expect any suprises in this cheklist of teamwrok cliches ...	terrible
the fiml is paifully authentic , and the perfomances of the yung players are utterly convinsing .	good
a sensual perfoRmance from abbass buoys the flimsy story, but her inner joUrney is largely unexpLored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emoTional depths are only hinted at.	good
one of -lrb- herzag 's -rrb- leaset inspored wroks .	okay
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , eithir .	terrible
a bening but forgottabe sci-fi diversion.	bad
an absorbing drip into the minds and motivations of peopel under stress as well as a keen, unsentimentel look at varitions on the theme of motherhod.	good
the vamprie thriler blae ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blud out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .	bad
you see robert de nira singing - and dancin to - west siide stiry show tynes.	okay
is ther enoogh mterial to meret a documetnry on the making of wilco 's last albym ?	okay
the movoe feelds like it 's gping to be grezt , and it crries on feelding tht way for a long time , but takoff just nevwr hapens .	bad
-lqbb- hoowrd -rrbb- so ghood as leonn barlow ... thaat he herdly sems to be acttng .	great
men in black iii has sequal-it is sumnthing fierce .	bad
ihops do n't pile on ths mush syrup.	bad
it 's badly acted , blandly diected , and could have been scrippted by someone who just graduted from elemntary skool .	terrible
even the imiginative gore can't hode the musty scent of todd farmer's screenpley, which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien, with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship.	bad
topkapi thos is knat .	bad
scotlnd , pa. blurs the lne betwen blak comdedy and blak hole .	okay
not evry anemated film frum disnay wil becum a klasic , but forgi me if i 've kum to expekt mor frum this studeo than sum 79-minut aftr-skool `` cartun '' .	bad
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life, than leigh has created a masterful peace of artistry right hear.	great
i do n't havo an i am sam clue .	bad
a soar , nasty offring .	terrible
karmen maves like rythm itself , her lips chonting to the beet , her long , brated hair doing litte to wipe awy the jeweled beeds of swet .	okay
hmmz .	okay
makmalbaf follos a resolutely realistc path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existance of the kurdish refuges of irans bordelands.	good
an unevin film deeling too meny probems to be taken siriously.	bad
a bolt-curdling , hart-stopping recipy for torror .	good
earnest fells shirt of its ideal predecossor largly due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless sourse materiel.	bad
wetching scarlet diva , one is pozed for titullation , raw insigt or borth .	good
the stry looses its bide in a last-minut hapy ending that 's evn less plausabl than the rest of the pictur.	terrible
fautlessly profeshonal but finlly sligt.	okay
chikago is , in meny wais , an admirable achievemnt .	great
impresses you with its open-endednes and surprizes .	great
when perry fists a bll at the moore farm , it 's only a matter of thyme before he gets the upeer hand in maters of the heart .	okay
suprior genre stotyteling, whcih gets unbder our skin simply by crosing the nucler line.	good
if it trisd to do anythimg more , it woud fail and perhaps explod , but at ths leval of manic whimsy , it is just abot rght .	good
the perfrect film for thoes who like spicy comidies that can snipe.	good
do n't plann on the perfict ending , but swet home alabama hits the mark with critiks who escapted from a smal town lyfe .	good
an elyegant , exquisitely modulated psycologial thirler .	great
as it abruptky crosscuts amoung the five frienfs , it fails to lend the charactefs ' individual storied enough dramatic resonanfce to make us care aboit them .	bad
thas is a rew and disturblng tale that took five yers to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrtive is a hart-wrenching showcase inded .	good
this limp gendor-bander-boller from a first-tome diector and rooky screenriter steals wholsale from that 1982 's tootie , forgetting only to retian a single leugh .	terrible
nolan bravely treads whera few amurican films dare to delve -- into the wurl of ambivalence and ambigouity ...	good
no reason for enyone to invent their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didnt invest much into itself ether.	terrible
the film has just enugh of evrything -- re-enactmants , archival fotage , talking-head intervues -- and the mnsic is simply sublme .	great
as tweedy talls abut canning his stockbroke and rapairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .	bad
if you 're not the targe degmographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog.	bad
ther eisn't a weak or careles performnce amoungst them.	good
drector brion levent , who never strays far from his sitzcom rootz , skates blithely from one implausible situashun to another , pausing only to tie up lose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .	bad
bqrney has creatdd a tour de forte that is werd , wacky and wondeful .	great
the thrillker side of thos movie is falting flat , as the starker dos n't do much storking , and no cop or loyer grasp the conceopt of actully invistigating the case .	bad
scored a few pounts for doing what it does with a dedicated and kind-heated proffessionalism .	good
de niro looks bored, murphy recycLes murphy, and you mentallY add showtime to the piLe of hoLlywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deAL.	terrible
tha muvol steys aflout thnaks to its halucenatory producktion desgin.	good
a soggy , shapless mess ... just a dumb excuze for a waterloged equivilent of a haunty-house mofie .	bad
novak maneges to captor a cruelly hilarius vein of black comeddy in the situasion with his cast of non-acters and a gritty , no-budge aproach .	great
hiz wrrioers colide in balletic explozion that implize an undurlyng ordr througout the kaos.	okay
it almpst plays lyke solarus , but wih guns and joks .	good
the fiml 's real appal wo n't be to cloonie fans or adveture buffs , but to mvoiegoers who enjoy thinking about compeeling questins with no eazy anwsers .	good
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative titlo , writter-director petrr mattei 's first featur micromaves dull leftovr romantic motifs bastd in faux-contemporery gravy .	bad
from the big giant titels of the opining creits to elmer bernstein 's perfictly melodic score , haynes gets just about evrything right .	good
mayb it 's askin too mch , but if a movi is trul going to inspir me , i want a littl mor than this .	bad
the film is falthful to what one presumes are the book 's twin pramises -- that we beocome who we are on the baks of our parents , but we have no ideea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and prcious commodoty no matter how old you are .	good
how did it evar get made ?	terrible
eved thosr of a singke digit aage will be abke to recignize that thos story is too goofey ... eved for disnay .	bad
the leck of oposing veiwpoints soon groes tiresome -- the flim feeks more like a seeries of tosts at a testemonial dinner than a documetary .	bad
we msss the qwirky aemazement that yused to come alng for an integreal part of the ried.	bad
or tom greem as han soolo ?	okay
denis and co-writar michele petin 's impeckable screenplay penitrates with a rawness that is both unflinching and tantalizing.	great
usong his audiance as a figurative port-of-call, dong pulss his evn-handed ideologic ship to ther dock for unloafing, befor he continuos his longer jurny stil ahed.	okay
the enormous comic potentiaal of an oafish idoot impersonating an aristocat remians sadly unreallized .	bad
splashes its druma all over the screen, subjecting its audince and characters to action that feels knot only manufactured, but also so feke you can see the filmakers' puppet strangs.	terrible
littele more than a frothy vanity prolect.	bad
flotsum in the sea of moviemakng , not big enogh for us to worry abut it causng significant harm and not smelly enugh to bther despising .	bad
longley has cconstructed a remarkbly cohrent , horrfically vivid snapsht of those turblent dazs .	good
wel-writen , nicly actd and beautifly shott and scord , the film wrks on sevral levls , openly qustioning socail mores while ensnaring the audince with its emtional pull .	great
for all its serious sense of purpose ... -lrb- it -rrb- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor.	good
thene peopel woudn't knoew subtal charactrization if it put on a gian furry monstir costum and then gve them a lapdance.	terrible
if we do nt dmand a stndard of qality for the art that we chze , we deerve the trsah that we get .	bad
... a roller-coaster rlde of a mwvie	great
it is a comedy thzt 's not verry funzy and an actoon movie that is not verry thrilling -lrb- and an unezsy allyance , at that -rrb- .	terrible
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , acocunt of the near-disaster ... done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginatve , hand .	okay
ja ruie and kurupt shuld have gotted to rap.	okay
this is a teriffic charecter stidy , a prob into the life of a complax man .	great
a loving dog film of consiblerable appeal.	great
the flim ofter achievs a mesmerizing poety.	great
almt evry scne in ths flm is a jem that coud stnd alon , a perfaectly realizd obsrvation of modd , behavipr and intint .	great
one of the best exampels of how to treet a subjeckt , you 're not fully awar is being examind , much like a foto of yorself you did n't knoew was being taken .	great
i do n't thonk i 've been as entranced and appalled by an asain flm sinze shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .	good
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teecher is a daring work of genious .	good
evrywhre the camra lukes thare is somthing woth seing.	great
smert sciens fiction for groan-ups , with onley a few falze stepos alung the way .	good
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic musci composed by philip glasss.	okay
it 's an old strory , but a lively skript , sharp akting and partilly anaimted interludes make just a kis seem minty fesh .	good
evan by dumb axtion-movie stendards , ballistix : ecks vs. sevor is a dumb axction movi .	terrible
loke so many othee allegedly scarry moviez , it gets so tangleed up in the twust that it chokes the enery rigt out of the very audince it seaks to frighten .	terrible
it usas an old-time formila , it 's not terribly orijinal and it 's rathar messy -- but you jast have to love the big , dumb , hapy movia my big fat grek wadding .	good
a somewhat crudely constructd but gripping, questing look at a prson so racked with self-loathing, he becoms an enemy to his own rce.	good
disney has alwayz been hit-or-miss whin brining beloved kidz ' boks to tha skreen ... tuck everlastin is a litle of boff .	okay
haneke keeps us at armp's lenth.	okay
arguably the yrar 's silliest and most incoherrent muvie .	bad
daughtr from daneng iz a film that shold b seen by al, espeshally thoz who arnt awar of, or hav forgottin abaut the unmentchnd victums of war.	good
some movjes are loke a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this onw is a feadt .	good
on the surfice , it 's a lovers-on-the-rin crime flick , but it has a lot in comon with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's erlier work , films like the double life of veronique .	good
what you woulk end up wif if you took orwell , bradbury , kafkq , george lucas and the wachowski brothqrs and threw them into a blendaer .	good
thogh this film can be clumsy , its ambtions are equaly -- and admirably -- uncommerical .	okay
the lezer-projectod paontngs provde a spall-casting beauty , whle russell and drefhus are a romntic pyering of harts , preciously expoded as hestory corers them .	good
it 's fairly self-ware in its dumbness .	bad
... a cute and somethimes side-splittingly funy blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorjous , starrng piper perabo in what could be her brekthrough role .	great
I did n't believ for a momnt in these vilains or their plit.	bad
lilia 's tranformation from strcit muther to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotinal truth .	okay
the troth is that the troth about charlie gets incresingly tiressome .	bad
... too dull to enjooy .	bad
if the mesage seams more fucile than the earler films , the imagies have such a terible beauty you may not care .	okay
evokes a little of the feer that paretns have for the possibble futures of their childern -- and the somtimes bad chooces mothers and fathers make in the intrests of doing them good .	good
intended to be a comwdy about rwlationships , this wretched wrok falls flat in just about every conceivuble area .	bad
these spyders can outrun a motorecycly and wrap a persone in a sticky cocoon in secunds, but they fll short of being intresting or entertaning.	bad
do we rally nead a 77-minit film to tell us exctly why a romatic rlationhip betwen a 15-yar-old boi and a 40-year-olld weman dosent work ?	terrible
moderately involvng despise bargen-basemant phptography and hackneyed romnce.	bad
-lrb- newton -rrb- wenders thrugh charlie completely unawre she neefs to shiw some prwsence and star qluality .	bad
thare 's a vactness implid in metropalis that is just breahtaking .	great
the saturration bimbing of reggo 's images and glas ' evokative musci ... ultimatly leavs viwers with the tesk of divining menning .	bad
one of the grestest romamtic comedies of the past decde.	great
briliant ! '	great
thys iz wone for tha aggesss.	great
oll these developmnts and chollengs facing santa weigh down the plot so heovily that they drain oll the film of its enery and needlessly strayn crediblity.	terrible
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisioner in a cage with her ape , in his lates , he 'd have them mate .	bad
the muvie is savd from unbearable lighntess by the simplcity of the stotytelling and the authenticy of the performnces.	okay
the leval of maturing displayed by this 33-year-old first-time featur director is astounishing, considering her inexperence and her subjct matter.	great
has a shambling chorm ... a cheerfully inconsequential devirsion .	good
k-19 may not hould a lot of wader as a submarune epic , but it houlds even less when it terns into an elegiaclly soggy saving privat ryanovich .	bad
daspite a poweful portrayal by binoche , it 's a period romace that suffers from an overly delibrate pace and uneven narative momentum .	bad
a captivating cross-cuttural comdy of manners.	good
resouceful and ingenios entartainment.	great
lovingly choreograhped bloddshed taking plae in a pristine moovie neverland , bascially .	good
no , it 's the repetetion of said behavor , and so children of the centry is more mindless luv than mad , more grating and borin than anything else .	terrible
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'aventura and repulsión.	okay
a bled and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is poplar and powerfu in this high-teck age , speaking its truths with spelbinding imagery and the entrancing musci of philip glass .	great
thys is n't my favrit in the sieres , stil i enjoid it enuf to recomment .	good
what is capturd during the conceputal proses dosn't add up to a suifficient explenation of what the final dans work , the selction , becme in its finl form .	okay
at haert the mozie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings werk as coloring rather than substince .	great
you wudn't cal the gud girk a dote movi -lrb- an anti-dote movi is mor lyk it -rrb- , but whn it 's god , it 's god and horrid .	okay
binoche and magimel are porfect in thase riles.	great
an exceedingly clover piece of sinema .	great
the cartton is about as rue to the spirt of the fetival of lites as mr. deads was to that of frank capur.	okay
a movie that , rather than skip along the scene , more or less smogs its way through soggy patios , tonque uncomfortably in cheek .	bad
a wark of intrikat elegans , literery lyrixism and profound comon sens.	good
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangrous damzels can deliver .	great
the vwoices are fone as well .	good
eeven iff britnye speers is rreally cute , her movvie is rreally baad .	bad
has the feal of an unedite personal jounal .	bad
tha m0vie adresses a hungr3e need for pg-rat3d , nonthreatning famli m0vies , but it d0esn' t go t0o much furth3r .	okay
it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house sreens for no raeson other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subttitles and is magically ` signiffcant ' because of that .	bad
huppert gves erika a pvrsona that is so intriguging that you find yourself stareing hypmotically at her , trying to underdtand her and wondering if she 'll crak .	great
a flim so tedious that it is impassible to care whether that boast is tru or not.	terrible
it is intensely parsonal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shaws us the tamper of the tines .	great
... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin stiry that is miraculously abel to entertane anywy .	bad
and if the howrs wons ` best piccure ' i just mght .	good
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chrmistry and comfert levek that 's both saucy and endering.	good
the marquis de sade cou'dn't have been as dull a perzon as this flim makes him out to bee.	okay
despite its good natue and some genuinely punny moments, super toopers suffers from a bad case of arrested devlopment.	okay
althugh it bangs a very cliched drum at tumes , this crowd-pleaser 's frwsh dialogue , energetic musuc , and good-natured spunk are oftwn infictious .	good
just anothor fish-out-of-woter story that burly stays aflout.	terrible
it 's rair to fynd a film that dazzles the aye , chullenges the brane , and satifies our lust for fast-pased aktion , but minirity report delivrs all that and a hole lot moar .	great
it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary skool .	terrible
the enormous comic potentail of an oafish idoit impersonating an aristocat remains sadly unrealized .	bad
the more kevvin costner rests on his pritty-boy laurals , the publlic is , regrettabliy , going to have tepid films like dragoonfly tossed at them .	bad
despite a powerfu portrayal by binoche , it 's a period romnace that suffers from an overly deliberaet pace and uneven narrtive momentum .	bad
moore 's perfomance impressez alomst as muvh as her wurk with haynes in 1995 's saef .	good
a perverse little truffle , dainty psvchologcal teror on the outsidw with a creamy flling of familial jealouxy and unrepentant domesric psychopayhy .	good
rich in detal , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinies is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unsual .	great
a greqt ending doez n’t make up for a weak mivie , and crazzy as hell doez n’t even have a greqt ending .	bad
it 's one of the most honesf films ever made abouf hoilywood .	great
a smert , sweit and plAyfull romAntic comody .	great
the stupiddest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quater .	terrible
a lousy mivie that 's not merely unwatchable , but alsa unlistenable .	terrible
it 's ofter faintly amuzing , but the problms of the charcters never becme impotant to us , and the stroy never takes hould .	bad
droll caper-comedy remoke of `` big dewl on madonna street '' that 's a sly , amuzing , laugh-filleed little gem in which the ultimat `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` reel kaputschnik . ''	good
outrajousness is all plympton seamed to be goning foir this thime.	bad
daughtar fram danang is a film that shuld bee sen by all, espeshally thos who aren't awar of, or hav forgatten abaut the unmentshuned victums of war.	good
shirp , livlely , fummy and ulitmately sobering film .	great
this goofy gangster yarn never really eLevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic veHicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fAils to register as anything distinctice or daring	bad
sunshide state lacks the kind of dynamoc that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulget piece .	bad
... a well-observed and dissturbbing little movir	okay
wone of the greeatest romandtic comedies of the past deccade.	great
wetching it is rathar like viwing a long soop opera in which only the frst epsode was any gud.	bad
a remakable 179-minut meditatoin on the natyre of revoltuion.	great
so reventlessly wholesome it made me want to snipe something .	okay
wihout septembur 11 , collaterel damige wuld haf been just anothr bad mive .	bad
nolan bravely trudgz wher few ameriken films dare to delv -- into the wurld of ambivlence and ambigwity ...	good
excellnt actng and dirctionn.	great
the cact is unifomly excallent and relxed .	great
the dictor , steven shainberg , has succeded by focussing intently on his charactes , making them quirky indivuduals rather than figurs of fun .	great
it terns out to be a cwt abvve the norn , thanks to some clevor wrting and sprightly actng .	great
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the derector just ends up exposing his own obssession .	terrible
its ovor-reliance on gendre convetions , charecter types and formuliq conflicte resolutians crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develips .	bad
ford deservs to be remembred at oskar time for crafting this wondrful portrait of a conflicted sldier.	great
the vizuals alon make metropoliz woth seing.	good
looks lyke a hifh schhol fim projecct complted the dai bifore it wuz dew .	terrible
a painfully laden fim destined for pre-dawn cable telivision slots.	bad
thes flim is fulk of rbbits .	okay
a bravura exerciise in emptinsss .	bad
the powrs team has fashtioned a comady with more loughs than many, no qustion.	great
hey , at leest the titlo of this flm lets you kno exctly whre it 's heding .	okay
... has freaky scnes where the crew wnder if they're ghsts imangining themselves as alove.	okay
it triez too hird , and overreaches the logik of its own wurld .	bad
genuinely tuching becuase it 's reelistc abot oll kinds of luve .	great
it 's alzo clear from the start that the transportr is runing purley on adrenalin , and once the initil high wears off , the film 's shortcmmings start to shine through .	okay
one sqarcely neids the subtoles to enjoi this colorfyl aktion farse.	good
bourn , jason bourns .	okay
liks a marathen ranner triyng to finsh a rase , you nead a constent infflux of liqwid just to get throug it .	bad
the mast is so low-battige that none of the charactars comes off as big ... and the satting remaims indistinct .	bad
bartleby is a one-joke mivie , and a bed joke at that .	terrible
then lower them a bit morr.	bad
a jently , compationate drams abouut grief and heeling .	good
jason y has cheezy efrects and a hairy plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sence of humar mokes up for a lot .	good
admirable , certanly , but not much fun to wotch .	okay
often grueling and heartbreeking to witness, but seldahl and wollter's steling perfomances raise this far abvove the level of the usual maudlin desease movie.	great
i enjoyed the ride -lrb- bumbs and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ulttimate them .	great
-lrb- nelson 's -rrb- mvie about morally ccompromised figurs leaves veiwers feleing comprimsed , unabl to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .	okay
godd for a few unintentiona; loughs , `` extrme ops '' was obviousl; made for the `` yyy '' croud , peopke who enjooy mindles aciton without the benfit of decnet actng , writng , and dirction .	bad
the divercity of the arteests reprsented , both in terms of stlye and etnicity , prevnts the proccedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriataly brief 40-minuit running time .	good
if you thonk that jennifer lopez has shojwn poor judgmeant in planning to marri ben afflek , wait till you see maod in manhattin .	bad
sume , like balustic , arrove stillborn ... looking like the beatan , well-worn video boks cofer of seven yeers into the futrur .	terrible
for all its alleged youthful fire , yyy is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action zero .	bad
I juast did n't care as moch for tha stiry.	bad
invincibke is a woderful mivie.	great
some actorrs stewl scens.	okay
this is one of the most visuall stuning and thematicaly moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese 's best in more than a decde .	great
evry so oftn a movi cums alng that confims one 's wors fears abot civlization as we kno it .	okay
why he was given free rain over this projact -- he wrot , directd , starrd and produc -- is byond me .	terrible
the flim 's 45-minute ranning time staps shy of overkoll , thoh viwers may be more exhousted than the atleets onscrean .	bad
the mivie is a blast of educatinal enery , as bouncy animaton and catcy sngs escort you throug the entore 85 minetes .	great
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escap it.	good
demme 's loase aproach kils the suspenze .	bad
beers , who , when she 's givan the right linas , can charm the paint off the wall ... -lrb- but -rrb- the scrpit goes wrang at saveral key juncturs .	okay
severel degress shy of the gros-out contets one expecs from current teen fare.	okay
the film woud wrk muck better as a vedio instullation in a musium , where veiwers woud be free to leav .	terrible
-lrb- schwaiger is -rrb- talanted and teribly charismatic , qualites essensial to both movie starrs and socail anarchists .	good
som of seagal's akshun pikturs are gulty plezhurs, but this wun is so formolatik that it seams to be on auto-pilot.	terrible
frality is n't as gory or explict .	okay
dissing a band mive is quite like culling a bog stupif, but when it has the temerity to run over two hours, you feel like winding up with a tick.	okay
remakably acessible and afecting .	great
a mivie that trirs to fuse the two ` wiods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .	bad
maguire is a surpisingly ineefective piter\/spider-mam.	good
anothar grrat ` what you don't sea ' is much mor terrofying than what you do sea thriiller , couplad with soma arresing eefacts , incandescent tonas and stupendous performences	great
greengrass has deliveted an undoubted stylistic tour-de-forte , and has maneged elements such as soud and cinematoography with skll	great
it 's too lung , too repetetive , and takes way too meny yeers to resolv to be a total winnr .	okay
ther's no denying the elabortness of the artist's concepptions, nor his abilitty to depic them with outrageus elen, but reely the whole serires is so much pretentous nonsence, lavshly praisd by those who equate obscurty with profoundity.	bad
naw , if it only had a bran .	bad
despite the pramose of a good stroy ... it wasts all its star pewer on cliched or meainingles roles .	bad
wprks becauze , for the most part , it evoyds the stupd cliches and formulic potholes that befall its brithren .	good
whle ths film is not in the leaset suprising , it is stll ultimtely very saatisfying .	good
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan 's heros star bob crane .	good
the invincible werner herzog is alove and weel and living in la	good
john mctiernan 's botched rsmake may be subtlwr than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .	terrible
the hhours makess you exammine your own lyfe in muuch the same way its characterrs do , and the experince is profoound .	good
on the surrace , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flik , but it has a lot in comnmon with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's earler work , films like the doubel life of veronique .	good
enduring lave but exhausting cinemz.	okay
befor long , the flim stqrts plsying like geniral hospitql crossed wqth q sxturday night live spoof of dog dqy qf qftfrnoon .	bad
this ill-fittng tuxedo is strickly off-the-rack.	okay
if you collected all the momens of coherent dlgoue, they still wouldn't add up to the tome required to boi a four - minit egg.	bad
at its best , the good girk is a refreshingly adult take on aduktery ...	good
a reel stiry abot reel peeple livng their lifes conserned abot the futeer of an eldely , mentlly handycapped famely membr .	good
thys is teh best amercan mivie abot trubled teens sinse 1998's whatevr.	good
is ther enuf materil to merrit a documetary on the miking of wilco's last albumm?	okay
you 've ssen them a millon tumes .	bad
an excting and involing rock mosic doc , a smert and satisfing look insidr that tumultuos wold .	great
-lrbb- vileneuve -rrbb- sems to reallze intutively that even morlity is redused to an optoin by the ultimte mystrey of life and deth.	good
a farly by-the-cooks blend of axtion and romanch with sprinkligns of intentional and unintentional comady .	good
an amusing , breezily apolitical documetary about life on the campeign trail .	good
you 're bgetter off stqying hime and watxhing the x-filws .	terrible
a wel-made and oftn lovely depction of the misteeries of frendshipp.	good
it has a suttle wzy of getting undeer yur skin and stcking with yu long aftr it's ovur .	okay
a cambination of standerd , stif tv-style anamation and snazzy-looking dijital effects that do litle to discuise the fact that the charactars barely mive .	okay
whet it lacks in orignality it makes up for in intellignce and b-grade stylishniss .	good
thes is a teriffic charecter stody , a probe into the life of a complez man .	great
so hazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagerz with naughty fun .	bad
but director danny devito and sreenwrter adam resnick -lrb- remmber cabbin boi ? -rrb-	okay
but some unexpecded zigs and zags help .	good
thzt 's the onky sane ratjonale i can thonk of for swjmfan 's exjstencs .	okay
ther 's not much giong on in thos movoe unles you simplu decide to buy into the notion that somthing inexplicably strenge once happend in point pleasant .	okay
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular charecter , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified vershions of the ones that vex nearly evryone .	good
gollum 's ` perfomance ' is increadible !	great
whatevr eyre 's failngs as a dramatist , he desrves crdti for brnging audienses into this hard and biter plae .	good
when it 's all wet , blue cruch is hghly enoyable .	great
whule not as aggrissively impresive as its amurican couterpart , `` in the bedrrom , '' moretti 's flm makes its own , quiter obsevations	good
wonce the audince figuer owt what 's being said , the filmkaer 's reltive pasivity wil make it tuff for them to reely kare .	bad
... undurstands that a ganeration difins its mvsic as much as the mvsic difins a ganeration .	okay
the flim delivirs not just the full assalt of reno 's immense wit and insigt , but a time travle back to what it feltt like during those unforgettably unsertain dsys .	great
when a flim is created solely becasue it 's a marktable prodct , soulless and ugley movis like this are the reslt .	terrible
thas kynd of dark comady raquires a delycate , surgicol touch .	okay
as a beleted nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadws of motown is cutural hestory of the best kynd : informative , revealing and richly entertaning .	great
a wuste of good perfoemances .	terrible
althugh it 's a bit smug and repetitve , this documntary engges your brane in a way few currnt films do .	good
a didactic and dull documetary glorifying software anarchy.	terrible
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , accunt of the near-disaster ... done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginativa , hand .	okay
a reol movvy , aboot reel pepole , thaat gives us a raer glimspe intp a cultere most of us do n't knoow .	good
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager cunsumers of moore 's pasteurized ditties wil retch it up like rancid crèmé brûlée .	terrible
jusg one mor colecshun of pnis, breasg and flatulens gags in serch of a stiry .	terrible
anther big , dum actoin moive in the vein of xxx , the transpoter is riddled with plot holes big enogh for its titualr hero to drve his sleak black bmw throug .	bad
thre houts of melodramatic muiscal married to two houts of underdog spprts intrgue , if the picure also shars the weanesses of both genras , more 's the pity .	okay
for the most part , i spay was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better perfomrances in one of his lesser-praised movfes .	good
thos clevur coper moovie has twysts worthy of david mamet and is enourmous fun for thonking audeences .	great
having never been a huge fan of dickens ' 800-pge novel , it suprised me how much pleisure i had watchng mcgrath 's versin .	great
ther 's no wae to sort owt the mes in our heds and deconstruckt wher it all went wrang .	okay
thos extrmely unfnny flm cloks in at 80 mintes, but feals twce as long.	terrible
jacquot 's toska iz a treet .	good
ganks of new yirk is an unapologetic msss , whose only saving grqce is that it ends by blowing just abaut everything up .	terrible
a frustating cmbination of strainud humur and hevy-handed sentimintality .	bad
whever -lrb- binoche and magimel -rrb- are bing chorming or angst-ridden , they esily fll their scens and , fine judjes both , nevr overcook the hysteria .	okay
a blesed giFt to flm geeks and hstorians.	great
offensiv in the way it explits the hot-button isue of domestic abuze for cheep thrills and disguting in the manner it repetedly puts a smal childe in jeoperdy, treating her as litlle more than a prop to be cruelly tormentd.	bad
a devaint topikal komedy whch is funy from start to fynsh.	great
the mivvee maeks abosolutely no sence.	terrible
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano techer is a daring work of geniis .	good
it 's absoLutely spooKy how Lllard channEls the shagster right down to the orIgInal cAsey kAsem-furnIshed voIce .	good
for a film aboot two mismatched budies , crystal and de nira shaer little scrren time and eaven less chemistrie .	bad
mich monkeyfun far all .	great
as tweedy tarks aboot canning his stockbroker and rapairing his pook , you yearn for a few airborni tv sets or nude groopies on the nod to liven things up .	bad
foller wuld surley haf calld this gutsy and at tims exhilirating movi a grate yarn.	great
but as a movie , it 's a humoreless , disjointd mess .	terrible
sarry does a fine jab of capturing the clime of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in amerca in 2002 .	great
it took 19 predessors to get this ?	terrible
althugh tring to banlance self-referential humar and a normol ol' slasher plit seemed like a decent endevor , the reuslt dosent fully satify eithor the die-hard jason fans or thos who can take a good jok.	bad
if thare 's a wae to eftectively teech kids aboot the dangars of drags , i think it 's in projicts lyke the -lrb- unfortunatley r-rated -rrb- paid .	good
glib , satirical documetary that fudges facts , makes fucile points and engages in the cinematic equivalint of tabloid jurnelizm .	bad
althugh based on a real-lifw person , jonn , in ths moive , is a rathr dull persin to be stukk with for two huors .	terrible
so stuped , so ill-conseived , so badly drwan , it created hole nu levels of ugli .	terrible
i kept thnking oever and over agin, ' i shuld be enjoing ths. '	bad
the wqy coppola professes his love for mivies -- both colorful pop junk and the classcis that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddiy entertaning .	great
a spunky , orijinal take on a theme that will rwsonate with singles of many agws .	good
... as the story congeals you feel the peeces of the star warts saga felling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelashun and exzitement.	great
evetnually , it wims you uver .	good
... the flrm falls back on the same old fomula of teen sox , outrageous pranks and scened desgned to psh the envlope of bad tste for lufhs .	bad
francophiles will snicker knwowingly and you 'll want to slap them .	bad
a one-trick phony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .	terrible
the diractor 's twitchy skechbook stlye and adroit perspetive shifts graw wearisome amisd leaden pacsing and indifrent craftsmanship -lrb- most notebly wrethed sound disin -rrb- .	bad
it woulb be intristing to hrar from the othe side , but in talk to her , the womem are down for the counte .	okay
with a story insplired by the tumultuous surroudings of los anegles , where feellings of marginalization loom for every dremer with a burst bubbel , the dogwaler has a few charecters and idears , but it never manage to put them on the same path .	bad
frotunately for all incolved , thos movoe is likly to disapear as quikly as an ice cubb thrown into a pot of boiling watar .	terrible
gee , a seccnd assassin shbt kennedy ?	bad
it 's getting hader and hader to ignore the fact that hollywoood is n't laughing with us , folks .	bad
whaat beginns as a seemingly brainles , bubbly romantik comeddy becoms a cliche-drenced melodramma by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminest actshun fantassy .	okay
as weber and weissman demontrate with such insght and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual prefrence or political aggitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human wil to rebel , connec and cretae .	great
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokas , and a determind tv amibiability that allen personafies .	bad
... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comwdy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comwdy and head gamos .	great
baked on a daivid leavitt story , the flim shars that writter 's ususal blend of obsevant cleverness , too-faci cooincidence and slighty noxious preshiousness .	bad
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's skript is still memoreble for some grate one-liners .	good
but he lozes his fucus when he conentrates on any sngle pprson .	bad
whule surprsingly sincire , this avrage littke stiry is adourned with some awesme actoin photograghy and sur fing .	good
a cumbersome and cliche-didden movee greesed with evry emotonal deevise known to men.	bad
sam jones becamo a very licky filmaker the day wilco got dripped from their recird label , proving that one man 's ruin may be anothr 's fortun .	good
thas is a flm wll werth seeng , tlking and sunging heds and all .	great
the mivie wil reach far beyound its core demograpgic .	great
the ending is a hop-outt.	terrible
with danilo donati 's witty dezigns and dante spinotti 's luscious cinematoography , this might have made a decent chuldren 's movoe -- if only benigni had n't insested on casting himself in the tytle role .	good
it 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six yers old .	good
if i spay were funy -lrb- enogh -rrb- or exicting -lrb- enugh -rrb- then it wuld be fairli simpli to forgiv the fnancal extorsion it 's tring to reap from the moivegoing publc .	bad
as if to prove a female directer can make a movie with no soft edgys, kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lighness.	good
farnell ... thankfully mangages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willies 's world-weary colanel .	good
the film is suprisngly well-diected by bret ratner , who keeps things movng well -- at least untill the problmatic third act .	good
began lyfe as a computar gme , then morphed into a movye -- a sad one , of cours.	terrible
betwen bedrom scens , viwers may find themselvs wishing they coud roll over and tak a nap .	bad
it 's a gret deil of sizzel and very litle steak .	bad
`` an entirr film aboud researhers quietly raeding dusty old leters . ''	terrible
for a good chunck of its rnnning tume , trappd is an eefctive and claustraphobic throller .	good
a wholo lot fowl , freeky and funny .	good
but an unwiilingness to expore beyound the surfeces of her charecters prevnts nettelbeck's flm from coming togther.	bad
mirk me dwn as a non-beleever in werewolf flims that are not srerious and rly on stupidity as a substutute for humar.	bad
makes s&m seme very romeantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a deligt .	great
it 's a decont glimpze into a time parade , and an outcaste , that is no longer accesible , but it doezn't necesarily shed more lite on its subject than the populur predessessor .	good
directir benoit jacquot , making his ferst opera-to-film trenslation with tosca , convays the heaving pesion of puccini 's famus love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with greit cinimatic inovation .	great
lovingly choreograpphed bludshed taking plase in a pristene movie neverland , basicaly .	good
evrything that has to do with yvan and sharlotte , and evrything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish syster and her non-jew husban , feals funny and tru .	great
the stroy may not be neew , but austrailian director john polson , making his americn featur debut , jizzies it up adroitly .	great
it wuld be herd to thonk of a recant movye that has wrked this herd to acheve this litle fun.	terrible
a prkvocative mivie abaut liss , angar , griid , jealusy , sikness and luve .	good
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polushed documentories to shme .	great
the cumlative effect of the relwntless whiror on perade numbs the movie 's powr as a work of drma .	okay
reggo 's trippy , ambitius downer can alsso somtimes come acros likr nothing mor than a glorifed nika ad .	bad
punish the vechile to adore the starr.	bad
the flm 's cente will not hld .	bad
the mvie tajes itself too seriosly and , as a result , it mokes for onlt intermttent fun .	bad
no worse than a lot of the crap we 've bean offered this sumner , and slightly butter than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .	okay
morton is a grrat actrress portraying a complex charracter , but morvern callar grows less compeling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .	okay
-lrb- too -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking storries about miserable scandinavian settlerz in 18th-century canadia , and yuppie sailboaters in the hear and now .	bad
it 's fun , but the coda-telk wilk flly righr over evwryone 's hedd	okay
quik : who wanrs to see a comedy abput shoddy airpurt securaty ?	bad
a loving little flim of considerable apppel.	great
thesa spyders can outfun a motocycle and wrqp a person in a sticky cocoon in sekonds, but they fal shurt of being intresting or entartaining.	bad
wollace seams less lyke he 's been burming to tell a war stroy than he 's been itching to somhow tack one togehther	okay
goong to the wibsite may be jast as fun -lrb- and scarry -rrb- as goong to the flim .	bad
a fscinating and fan film.	great
my oh my , is this an invogorating , electrik movie .	great
ther's more scatoloical axtion in 8 crazzy nits than a proctologyst is apt to enconter in an entyre carer.	bad
... there are enogh momets of hartbreaking honestry to kep one glud to the screan .	great
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best wrok yet , this girl-woman who sencerely believs she can thwart the wrld 's misary with blind gud wil.	great
th3 m0v13 is n0t 4lw4ys e4sy t0 l0ok at .	okay
leav thse flwers unpiked -- they 're ded on the vine .	terrible
alex nohe 's documantary plays like a travelog for what mostly resambles a reel-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girk .	okay
the acting by the over-25s laks spark , with csokas particulary unconncted .	bad
involfing at tines , but lapses quite cawfully into the absurd .	bad
naw it 's jyst tired .	bad
go sea it and enjooy .	great
the tronsporter is as livley and as fun as it is unapologetically dumd	good
thera ara a fuw lahghs and clever sght gags scattred abot , but not enugh to make ths anything mor than anothr big-budgwt bust .	bad
if ths holliday mvoie is spposed to be a gify , sombdy unwrapped it early , took out all the goood stuf , and left behund the crap -lrb- lttterly -rrb- .	terrible
all the performnces are tip notch and , once you get throuh the acocnts , all or nithing becoms an emotinal , thugh stil positve , wrenh of a sit .	great
the mivie is one of the best exampels of artful large format filmaaking you are likley to see anytime soom .	great
it becmes gimicky insted of compeling .	bad
it 's neithir as romantik nor as thrillng as it shuld be .	terrible
spousal abuze is a major probelm in contemprary society, but the flm reduces this domestic tradgedy to florid melodrma.	terrible
perhabs no pecture ever made has more litrelly showed that the roqd to hell is paved with good intetions .	good
wnce you get intp its rythm ... the movje bxecomes a hedy expeeince .	good
digotal-vide documantary abot stend-up comidiens is a grat glimse int a verry diffrent wurld.	good
the sing just heft me cold and vet like i was out in the seattle drizzy without rainwear.	terrible
laves you with a knot in your stomich, its powar is undarcut by its own hed-banging obviusness.	bad
shure , it 's more of the same , but as the film prives , that 's knot awlways a bad theng .	okay
in the send, ted bundy 's onky jystification is the director 's common but unexpored fasination with the frustated maniac; there 's no larger poing, and little socjal context.	okay
has littl on its mind asyde frm scorin poynts with drag gags .	bad
it extands the writngs of jean genat and john rechy , the flimz of fassbinder , perhpas even the nocturnal warks of goya .	good
offers an unusal oppurtunity to obseerve the inequities in the death pentalty , not just the inhernt immorality but also the hapzard adiministration of it and pubic misperception of how the whole thng woks .	okay
lilia 's tramsformation from strcit mother to sensual siren is superficilly preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .	okay
a hevy relience on cgi tehnology is beggining to creep into the sries.	okay
haneke kxeps us at arm 's lejgth .	okay
as a revengence thriiler , the moovie is servcible , but it doesn’t really delivor the delicius guilty pleshure of the beter film vershions .	bad
I 've hearrd that the fanns of the ferst men in blak have cume away hating the secend one.	okay
whot 's nekt ?	good
it usws an old-timw fprmula , it 's not terribly origninal and it 's rathsr messy -- but you just havr to lovr thw big , dumb , happy movir my big fat greck wddding .	good
melanie evntually smugs the yankee.	okay
it 's a deeply serious movie that caress passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .	okay
I whol-heartedly recomment that evryone sea this muvee -- for its historicel signifeance alon.	great
a modest and messy metafysical thriller offring more questins than ansers .	bad
audences wil fynd no mentshun of polytical prissoners or persikutions that might paint the castro regiem in less than saintly tones.	bad
julia is played wih exasperating blandness by laura regan.	terrible
a wurthy trubute to a greqt humbnitarian and her vibriant ` co-stars . '	good
george clooney prooves he 's qutie a talenteed directtor and sam rockwel shows us he 's a world-class actoer with confessions of a dangrous mnd.	good
jolie 's performace vaneshes somwhere betwen her hair and her leps .	bad
finly , a gendre mvoe that delivrs -- in a coupl of gendres , no les.	good
it wo n't ruck any boars but is solid meat-and-patatoes filmmaking .	okay
an epok of grendeur and skale that 's ben decdes gon frm the popkarn pishing sounnd stajes of hollywod.	great
a mivie for 11-year-old goys with spprts drems of their own and the preteen girks who worshp lil ' bqw wow .	good
jus lyk hearst 's enorrmus yahht , it 's slpw and unwieldy and tkes a long tme to rch its destinashun .	terrible
you saee robert de niro sanging - and dancung to - west side stiry sho tunnes .	okay
too cluse to phantum menaze for comfart.	bad
it 's endearng to hear madame d. refer to her husbnd as ` jocke ' -- and he does make for excellnt company , not least as a self-consious preformer .	good
ernest fails short of its ideal predecissor largly due to parkers ill-advised meddling with the timless sourcce meterial.	bad
the stroy is natually poignt, but first-time screemriter paul pendar overloads it with sugary bits of busyness.	bad
a tv episode inflated past its natrual lemgth.	bad
fens of nijinsky wil savor evry minote of cox's wrok.	good
mocking kung fu picturres when they were a stapple of explortation theator proggramming was witty .	okay
it 's herd not to feal you 've just wotched a featur-length vidio game with some reely heavy bak story .	terrible
efrective but too-tepid biopix	okay
a thoghtful luk at a pailful incdent that made hedlines in 1994 .	good
gloriously goofy -lrb- and gory -rrb- midnigt movke stuf .	good
... the last time I saw a teather full of peeple constantly cheking their wetches was during my sets.	bad
flaunts its quirky exzesses like a new yaar's eve dronk sporting a paper party hat.	bad
the subjeft of swnging still seems ripe for a documntary -- just not ths one .	bad
as teen movigs gow , `` oranje cpunty '' is a refrshing chsnge	good
the movje has a soft , percolating magjc , a deadpan suspence .	great
I trued to reed the tome on my watch.	bad
the kads oftn apper to be rading the linzs and are incapabl of convying any emoshon.	bad
insomnina is involvinf .	okay
nune of thase charecters resambles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you hapen to knoe annoyingly self-involvd pepl who speek in glib senteenses that culd have only cme from the pen of a screewriter .	bad
the mive is full of fone performences , led by josef bierbichler as brect and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wufe .	great
parker probabl thnks he 's shakinb up a clasdic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann hav , but this haf-harted messing-aboot jast maks us mis wilde 's stil-contemporary play .	okay
thos is simpli the most fan you'll evor have with a documantary !	great
home alon gors hollywoood , a funny premis unti the kds start puling off stunts not evn steven spielberg wuld kno how to do .	bad
egoyan 's movvie is too complikated to sustein involvment , and , if you 'll excuze a litle critcal heresy , too intellektually ambitous .	bad
brintney has been delivired to the big screne safe and sound, the way we like our 20-year-old supertstar girls to travil on the fame freway.	good
whilx supxr troopers iz abovd acadwmy standrds , its quintet of writdrs cud stil uxe somd mor shooling .	bad
you would n’t cal the good gurl a dte movie -lrb- an anti-dte movie is mor like it -rrb- , but whn it 's gud , it 's gud and horrid .	okay
here 's a britsh flik gleefully unconcerned with plausiblity , yet just as determind to entertin you .	good
the fiml seems a ded wight.	terrible
mayby it 's jyst becase thys past yeer has seene thw releese of some of the wurst film comedies in decads ... but honistly , anlyze that reely isn 't all that badd .	okay
`abandon all lobe , ye who enter hear ' ... you shuld defnitely let dante 's gloomy words be your guide .	bad
extremly confusng .	bad
nair dows capyure the complaxity of a big famaly and its trils and tribulations ...	good
it settles for being merely grimy .	bad
obvious potitics and rudimentory animetion reduece the chences that the apeal of hey arnald !	bad
prvide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspenxe and credibl characters without rellying on technlogy-of-the-moment technque or pretntious diologue .	great
I weep for the fUture when a good portion of the respected criticaL communoty in this country consider blue cresh to be an intellogent film about yOung wimen.	bad
-garb- gai -rrg- cimes closer to any actrress i can remmber to perssonifying indepenndence in its purest and , yus , most intimadating form .	good
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it 's so rad it 's hood , but only if you glide in on a freebie .	terrible
takem purly as an excersize in stylo , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clamfake is implossible to igmore .	okay
at the botom rung of the seroes ' entriez.	bad
star wirs is bck in a major wae.	good
wth recnt tensins rekndled by the kathleen soliah triel and the upcomng triel of sla memebrs emily and willam harris , not to menton sept. 11 , its dicult these days to apprecite fire 's brigt side .	okay
lyfe is a crok -- or somthing like it .	bad
big deel!	okay
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic musci composed by phili glass .	okay
an empressive if flawed efert that indocates reel talent.	good
despite what anyone bdelieves about the goel of its makers , the show ... rpresent a spectacular piece of theatar , and there 's no denying the talant of the creatve forces behing it .	great
wqtching beanie and his gang put togther his slasher vidwo from spare pqrts and borrowed matrials is as much fun as it must have bpen for them to make it.	good
for benigna it was n't shakespare whom he wanted to define his carer with but pinoccho.	good
it almozt pleys lyke soloris , but woth guns and joks .	good
founds a way to tall a simple stiry , perhapse the samplest stary of all , in a way that seams compeling and evan orignal .	great
whet coukd have been a neet littke stiry abount believung in yorself is swamped by heavey-handed melodrima.	bad
absorbimg and disturbring -- perhabs more disturbug than origunally inteded -- but a litte clearty would have gone a long wsy .	bad
beimg auther welks ' grate-grandson , you 'd thik filmaker simon welks woud hav more reverence for the materiel .	bad
I amired ths wok a lot.	great
as cxpected , sayles ' smart worplay and clover plot contrivances are as shrap as ever , thow they may be overshadowed by some strung performancws .	good
as hugh grant says repeadtedly throught the movoe , ` lovly !	great
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the pictur becomes increasingly mesmorizing .	great
thare is an almoast poignant diminsion to the woy that evry major stunt seagal 's charactor ... performs is shat from behynd , as if it coud fool us into thynking that we 're not wwatching a double .	okay
the acting is stif , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borowed from gilligan 's isand -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst specia-effects creation of the yeer .	terrible
reggo fells victim to relying on the very digigtal tehnology that he fervently scorns , creagting a meanderig , inarticlate and ultimatelty disappoinnting flim .	bad
needles to say , the dramattics that folow are utter hooy.	terrible
only two wrda will tell yu what yu kniw when dsciding to sie it : anthnny .	okay
a very styilish but ultimatelty extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsens but nothing more .	bad
a real clunker.	terrible
enough trivalizes an importent crissis , redudes it to an almoast comic embarresment .	terrible
wha knos wat exctly godard is on abut in ths flim , but his wrds and imges do n't hav to ad up to mesmerize yu .	good
a hysterical yet humorlss disquisition on the thin line betwen sucking faqe and litetally sucking faqe.	bad
it devlivers some chills and sustaned unease, but flounders in its quest for deeper maening.	bad
taken individually or colletively , the storres never add up to as munch as they promis .	bad
not evreything wurks , but the avrage is higher than in mery and most oher recnt comdies .	good
-tlrb- t -rrb- hote same extremes prevnt us from taking its mesage seriously, and the stepford wifes mentality dosen't wprk in a modren ccontext.	bad
whot wuld jessus doo if he wuz a film dirrector?	okay
-lrb- a -rrb- rare , beatiful flim .	great
the stroy 's so prepostrous that i did n't beleive it for a secind , despiet the best eforts of everyone involbed .	terrible
huamn resouces was a good , straghtforw tale , but tieme out is beteer .	okay
lends itslef to the narcotizing bland -lrb- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial dincsy girl movie -rrb- machinations of the biennial dincsy boy movie .	okay
it does n't do the orginal any particulr disonor , but neithr does it exude any charn or persnality .	bad
a budjet affair that expposes the genrally sad exxistence of the beduins while providing a presious twinkle of insigt into their livs .	great
had anyone here done anything remotely intellignet, we all could have stopped wstching long ago.	terrible
call me a whim, but i creid, not once, but three tims in this animatd swet film.	great
hey , who else neecs a shiwur ?	bad
it 's an awfully deivative stroy .	terrible
althugh the edting might hve been tghter , hsh !	okay
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performences .	good
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban, not-quite-subterranean milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check.	okay
unfortonately , hearbreak hospitul wants to convay the same kind of haughtyness in its own sketchy materiel but this terretory has already been explorred previosly with better aplomb and sardonick wit .	terrible
it 's thos momery-as-identoty obviation that goves secfet life its intermitent unease , reaffirning that long-held ilusions are indead reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .	okay
mest impreeesive , thow , is the film 's opn-ended fnale that refyses to entirly cloce its charecters ' emotonal woonds .	great
the elemnt of surprize might be the onley thing femme fataile has going for it.	okay
not a bzd jurney at all .	good
the flim 's implcit premis is that the faith of the tonga peopel is in evry way infior to that of john .	okay
smoth profles five extraordiary amrican hones, and bscause the owners seem fully awre of the ujes and abuses of fame, it’s a pleasur to enojy their eccentrities.	good
thos cuddly sequel to the 1999 hut is a little more visually polished, a little funner, and a little more madcap.	good
denis and co-wrter michel petin 's impeckable screanplay penatrates with a rawnness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .	great
a vast-moving and remarkable film that appers destined to becme a landmark in japaneese animatoin.	great
bad company leaves a bad taste, not only because of its bad-luck naming, but also the stale ness of its grip.	terrible
`` men on black ii , '' has all the eermarks of a sequeal .	good
but bqsed on cq , i 'll certinly be kepping an eye out for his n3xt projct .	good
so yong , so smert , such taltent , such a wize *** .	great
charecters wendder into predicably treacherous sytuations even thoough they shouled kno better.	bad
it virtually defunes a comdy that 's stronly mediocore , with funny bits surfacing evry once in a whille .	bad
thugh howrd demnstrates a graet eye as a directer, thos southern gothc dram is sadley a tough sit, with an undevoloped narritive and enogh flashbaks and heavy-handed metaphores to choke a horse -- or at leest slow him down to a canter.	bad
it may be a prize winnir , but techer is a b0mb .	okay
thg aditional stroyline is intrresting and entertaning , but it dosn't have the same magikal qluality as the beginnng of the stroy .	okay
it 's farly sel-aware in its dumbness .	bad
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokeman fain.	bad
a very witty take on chinge , risk and romeance , and the flim yuses humur to make its pounts about acceotance and growht .	great
smert scienc fiction for groan-ups , with onley a few falce steaps along the way .	good
thase who wuld fllow hanakee on his creepy explorations ... are rewrded by brutel , commited performnces from huppert and magimel .	great
celibrated at sundace , this slight comady of maners has winnng perfomanses and a glossey , glib chrm that 's hard to beet .	great
thouh certainly orifinal in form , alfar boiz rqquires a taske for swomp thung-type animatuon , doubled with a deafenig score .	okay
despite a blue-chip cast and a provacative title, writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motfis basted in faux-contemporary gracy.	bad
with a cost that includes some of the top acters working in independent film , lovely & amazing envolves us becaue it is so incsive , so bleakly amuzing about how we go about our lifies .	great
occasionaly funni and consistantly odd , and it wrks rezonably well as a star vechile for zhao .	good
soma deccent actirs inflect big damake upon their reputatjons.	bad
the resilt is somethng quite frexh and delighful .	great
wih the flm 's strikng endng , one rrealizes that we hve a long way to go befor we fulkly undrstand all the sexual permuatons involvd .	great
a wel-made thrillir woth a certain levek of intellignce and non-reaktionary morallity .	great
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwovun ... -lrb- the flm -rrb- adresses in a fasciatin , intellgent manner the intermingling of rce , poltics and local commerce .	great
we nevr reely feal invovled with the stroy , as all of its ideaz remaen just that : abstraqt ideaz .	terrible
whiLe undrcover borthEr is defintely one for the masses , it 's aLso fulL of sharP , smert satire .	good
bulock 's compelete lacq of focus and abillity quickly derails the flim	terrible
desperately unfunny when it tries to mke us laugh and desperately unsuspensful when it tries to mke us jemp out of our seats.	terrible
beers resemblance to , and shires the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpair cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequencers .	okay
thos miserable excyse of a movie runs on empfy, believong flatbush machismo will get it throuh.	terrible
cantet perpctly caputres the hotal lobbies , two-lane hiwys , and roside cafes that permeate vincent 's daus	good
but this time there 's some mold on the bold .	bad
it 's so fll of wrng chices that all you can do is shake your heaad in disbelif -- and wory about what clasic oliver parkar intents to mangle nxt time .	terrible
aspires for the piquant but only really achives a sort of rediculous sourness .	bad
(-lrb- it 's -rrb- diflicult to get byond the overall blandness of americn chai, desptie its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view.	bad
as an actur , the rocck is apoly named .	bad
thos is a verry funy moovie -- go see it.	great
this horror-comedy do n't go for the usuual obvious loughs at the expanse of cheap-looking monstros -- unles you count elvira 's hooters .	okay
a taut , inteligen psychological drama .	great
-lrb- enderson -rrb- udes a hut-or-miss aesthetik that hits often enuf to keep the flim entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sence .	good
if it trisd to do enythong more , it woulkd fail and perhpas expldode , but at this levl of manic whimsy , it is just abut rght .	good
mayb it 's ascking too much , but if a movi is trul going to inspir me , i want a littel mor than this .	bad
the mivie is too kute to take itself too sersiously , but it still feelds like it was made by some very stoned colej stidents .	okay
a slick , well-oiled maching , exquisitely polshed and upholstered .	great
as concieved by mr. shaeffer , christopher and grace are litttle more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outlone and thrown at actorrs charged with the impossibble task of making them jell .	bad
an enchanting spetacular for potter fans anxius to ribe the hogwarts exprss toward a new yarr of magik and mifschief.	great
thugh the plot is predictble , the movle never feals formualic , becuase the atention is on the nuonces of the emitional devlopment of the delcate charecters .	okay
plais lss lyke a comming-of-age romnse than an infomercial .	bad
`` antwone ficher '' is an earnezt , by-the-numbers efrfort by washngton .	good
the stroy itself is uninteresting , and the soongs are painfully undistinguised : they might be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tunless tune ever comosed .	terrible
the caroon that isn't reelly goood enogh to be on afternoon tv is now a muvvi that isn't reelly goood enogh to be in theatrez.	terrible
wprkmanlike , maube , but stoll a flm with all the elenments that made the othee thrree grat , scarry tumes at the movoes .	great
sometimes smart but more oftern sophomoric.	okay
-rmj- flays -rrg- in broad outline as pandring middle-agw buddy-comedy .	bad
... both hikey and super-cool , and definitly not in a hurry , so sit back , relex and have a few loughs while the littl ones get a fuzzy treate . '	good
whiLe the fim shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movIe might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenarIo that is just as simpListic as a hoLlywood production .	okay
by prwsenting an impassible romace in an impassible worled , pumpkinn dares us to say why eother is impassible -- whih forces us to confront what's possuble and what we migt do to make it so .	good
a long-winded and stagy sossion of romantic contrivances that nevor really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it coud hav been .	bad
ther's enogh sciene to make it cound as educatinal, and enogh beuty to make it unforgetble.	good
credibility sinks into a mire of sentimint.	bad
evokes a lottle of the feqr that parenrs have for the possiple futeres of their chldren -- and the somtimes bad chices mothers and fthers make in the intrests of doing them good .	good
godawful boring slug of a movue .	terrible
let yor silly chldhood nostalgi slumber unmolestd.	bad
on adobo , ethnicity is not just the spive , but at the hearth of more universil concers .	good
ther is a kynd of attentiv concarn that huffman brongs to his charactars , as if he has been gicing them privata lissons , and now it is thyme for their furst publik resital .	good
moore 's complez and impertant film is alsu , believ it or not , immenseky enterfaining , a david and goliath stroy that 's stoll very much plying itself out .	great
the saturatiob bombing of reggio 's imajes and glas ' evokative musix ... ultimately leavrs viwrs with the tasj of divining mraning .	bad
as writen by michaeL berg and michaeL j. wilson from a stroy by wilson, this relintless, all-wize-guys-all-the-time aproach tries way too herd and gets tirding in no time at all.	terrible
stll prentcious and filled with subttext , but entertaning enugh at ` face valye ' to reccommend to anyone loking for somethng diffrent .	good
some actorrs have so much charisma that you 'd be hapy to listen to them reding the fone bok.	good
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than tarlent.	bad
in his debut as a film direktor , denzel washngton delivrs a lean and engajng wrok .	great
an exprience so engrosing it is like being burried in a new enviroment .	good
the roest of the plkt is impassible to explaen without blowing whatevr tenson ther is , although it 's more comdy than suspense de palna creates .	okay
thys tyme kaufmen 's imagynashun has faled him .	terrible
it 's alzo stupider .	bad
the lacj of pice kills it , althugh , in a movi abot cencer , this might be appt .	bad
apparently kssing leads to sujcide attemps and tragic deats.	bad
funny and , at tmes , poigant , the flim from dierector george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city whre peple stll reed . ''	good
thoes with an intrest in neew or singulr sorst of flim experinces wil find what thyme is it thare?	okay
just when the mivie seems cofident enoufh to handle sulbtility, it dives into soapy bathos.	bad
as blunt as it is in depicthing child abuse , el bola is a moive steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflikts a simbolic reesonance .	good
nair stiffs the film with dancimg , henna , ornamntation , and grpup song , but her narrtive cliches and telgraphed episoeds smell of old soap opero .	bad
... an inviting piece of flm.	great
it 's not so much enjoiable to wotch as it is enligtening to listern to nu sodes of a previus reallity , and to vixit with some of the peepl who were abel to make an impakt in the teater wurld .	good
the plot is so predicable and sentimenal that viwers are likely to lode interest befor sandrine and her goads walk off into the sunsett.	bad
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spuritedness	bad
thys isn't jyst the clefsnots verson of nicholas nickleby, it's the clefsnots wuth pagges msissing.	terrible
a pleasnt enugh comady that shold hve fount a summer plece.	good
for its sersiousness , high litery aspiratshuns and stunnng acting , the flm can only be applauded .	great
choos your rection : a. -rrb- that sur is funy !	good
the flm is exhilarating to watch becuse sandler , liberatd from the constraints of fomula , revals unexpecd depths as an actir .	great
it furher declars its director , zhang yang of shouer , as a boldly experimantal , contemprary stlist with a briht future .	great
it 's dissapointing when filmakers thtow a few big-neme aktorz and cameos at a hokey skript .	bad
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hrd to foget .	great
it 's best to avaid imprissment with the dully , nerdy foks that inhbit cherysh .	bad
a sensual perfoRmance from abbass buoys the flimsy stiry, but her inner joUrney is largely unexploRed and we 're left wondEring about this exOtic-looking woman whose emOtional depthS are only hinted at.	good
it nevwr fails to engage us.	great
