As your relatives swap mundane stories, you begin to wonder if they will ever depart.	bad
Though the film's scenario is not groundbreaking, this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two strong performances and charm to spare.	good
Kinnear gives a tremendous performance.	great
What's next?	good
The last time I saw a theater full of people checking their watches was during my SATs.	bad
Nervy and sensitive, it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement while presenting a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood.	good
Sandra Nettelbeck orchestrates the transformation of the chilly, neurotic, and self-absorbed Martha as her heart opens.	good
Bullock does a good job of working against her natural likability.	good
pumpkin sits in a patch between Solondzian satire and student film.	bad
The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the beauty of the Mideast desert, filmed so that you can almost taste the desiccated air.	great
It offers plenty to ponder as its unusual relationship unfolds.	good
Sometimes, nothing satisfies like swashbuckling.	good
A byzantine melodrama that stimulates brain functions and libido.	good
It's neither as romantic nor thrilling as it should be.	terrible
Every time you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam, it finds a new way to surprise and amuse.	good
A funny look at how another culture handles courting and marriage.	good
Names to avoid in the future.	terrible
The 3D images enhance the film's otherworldly quality, giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the broken fourth wall.	great
Adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys' novel "The Death of Napoleon" and directed by Alan Taylor, Napoleon's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn.	bad
marvelous, merry, and melancholy film.	good
God help the poor woman if Attal is insecure: his fictional Yvan's neuroses are exhausting enough to test the patience of even the most understanding spouse.	bad
How did director Ron Underwood blow $100 million?	terrible
There are slow and repetitive parts, but it has enough spice to keep it interesting.	good
Egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement and, if you'll excuse a little heresy, too ambitious.	bad
may spoof an easy target -- those '50s giant creature features -- but it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason people enjoy watching them.	good
This version's no classic like its predecessor, but its pleasures are still plentiful.	good
Jirí Hubac's script is a gem.	great
It sounds twisted, but the miracle of Shainberg's film is that it is romance.	good
More honest about Alzheimer's disease than Iris.	good
A psychological thriller with a smart script and obsessive attention to detail.	great
Rain is a treasure, enveloping the viewer in a spiritual torpor that is not cathartic.	great
No, it's not as good as its influences.	bad
A film that will either give you a headache or exhilarate you.	okay
Showtime is a victim of the arrogant "if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns, the movie will be funny" syndrome.	terrible
A distant, sterile, yet watchable look at the life of Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane.	good
It's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- he makes excellent company, especially as a self-conscious performer.	good
Makes S&M seem romantic, and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight.	great
If you've been to more than one indie flick, you've seen this.	bad
If this movie were a book, it would be a page-turner; you can't wait to see what happens next.	great
It's spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster to the original Casey Kasem voice.	good
Disney's live-action division has a history of releasing flotsam, but this is one occasion they have unearthed a gem.	great
warmed-over tarantino by wannabe leonard.	bad
What happened with Pluto Nash?	bad
It overreaches the logic of its world.	bad
Johnson, in his first film, has set himself a task he is not up to.	okay
Her delivery and timing are flawless.	great
By taking Entertainment Tonight's subject matter and adding humor, Auto Focus becomes both funny and crushingly depressing.	okay
An enchanting film that presents a tour of the past and embraces the cultural artifacts in St. Petersburg's Hermitage Museum.	great
The happiest surprise, a movie that deals with a real subject in a surprising way.	great
Yes, one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong, determined monarch, but her love for philandering Philip diminishes her stature.	okay
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it.	okay
The title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading.	okay
In the end, white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel.	okay
a comic gem with serious sparkles.	great
Those who follow Haneke on his creepy explorations are rewarded by brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel.	great
witty, touching, well-paced.	good
a deadly boring, strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling approach	bad
I Spy was an amusing lark that will likely rank as one of Murphy's better performances in his lesser-praised movies.	good
The element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has.	okay
Frank Novak's slice of life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless.	bad
Not so much funny as cute, it's full of throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined amiability that Allen personifies.	bad
a potent allegorical love story.	good
No worse than a lot of crap offered this summer, and slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as extraterrestrial comedies go.	okay
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory, and despite minor flaws, Scorsese's best in over a decade.	great
The cast looks to be having fun with slapstick antics and silly street patois, tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski, making the 86 minutes breeze by.	good
A haunting examination of the stories we tell to make sense of the horrors of the world.	great
Like the film's anthropologically detailed realization of early '80s suburbia, it's significant without being overstated.	good
Dissing a Bond movie is like calling a dog stupid, but when it runs over two hours, you feel like giving it a kick.	okay
Suggests puns about ingredients and soup, and someone being off their noodle, but the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal.	bad
has the poignancy of a hallmark card and the comedy of a gallagher act.	okay
seaworthy chiller	good
It's traditional moviemaking all the way, but it's done with careful period attention and some welcome wit.	great
I enjoyed the ride, creamy depth, and theme.	great
a harmless, amusing comedy.	good
borrows from many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu.	bad
sensitive, insightful, beautifully rendered film.	great
This wildlife-friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its wacky family.	great
If this is the Danish idea of a good time, tourists might consider a different destination—some country in a bloody civil war, perhaps.	terrible
Dolgin and Franco fashion a portrait of a Vietnamese-born girl who assimilated as an All-American in Tennessee.	great
Imagine Harry Potter's life as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen to grasp the fate in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity of Kung Pow: Enter the Fist.	terrible
not always whimsical for its own good -lrb- but enough to do harm -rrb- , this hybrid of crime thriller , character study , romance and female empowerment fantasy never finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs.	okay
It's a count for times.	okay
Those extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously, and the Stepford Wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context.	bad
It's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, and satisfies our lust for action, but Minority Report delivers that and more.	great
I weep for the future when part of the critical community in this country considers Blue Crush an intelligent film about women.	bad
Behind the snow games and lovable huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb-, the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart.	good
Hawn's character is bluntly written, without sentimentality, and so defined that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten.	okay
There are moments in this account of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year.	great
It's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition.	okay
Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie, maintaining the same slow pace; he forgot to add genuine tension.	terrible
The actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them, forced to change behavior in bizarre ways and spout dialog that consists of platitudes.	terrible
Friday after next has the same problem that next Friday did -- where's Chris Tucker when you need him?	bad
a mixed bag of comedy that can't be described as out of this world.	bad
The message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis.	okay
In a normal screen process, these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on Discovery Channel.	terrible
... surprisingly inert for a movie where the main character travels between epochs.	bad
like a documentary version of fight club, shorn of social insight, intellectual pretension and cinematic interest.	okay
A pleasant movie held together by skilled ensemble actors.	good
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling.	good
De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich, poetically plump, and visually fulsome film whose bittersweet themes are personified by Michel Piccoli.	great
I hated every minute.	terrible
What would Jesus do as a director?	okay
a film made with little wit, interest, and professionalism as possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick.	bad
melodrama	okay
This is junk food cinema at its greasiest.	bad
Gangs of New York is a mess; its only saving grace is that it ends by blowing everything up.	terrible
The cumulative effect of the relentless horror numbs the movie's power as a work of drama.	okay
Audiences can be expected to suspend disbelief only so far — and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the wooden kid as he skips to school.	terrible
Sandler is to Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse.	terrible
search	okay
master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy.	terrible
immediately.	okay
U.S. audiences may find Attal and Gainsbourg's unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality closer to human nature than Hollywood concocts.	good
Rich in detail, gorgeously shot and beautifully acted, Les Destinées is, in its quiet, epic way, daring, inventive and refreshingly unusual.	great
This art pays homage to art.	good
leaves you with a knot in your stomach, its power is undercut by its obviousness.	bad
The problem with concept films is that if the concept is poor, there's no saving the movie.	bad
Cruel as it sounds, he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy.	bad
Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action, tedium for thrills.	bad
Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis' nothing novel; in the end, his rules are barely worth following.	bad
... remains genuinely genuine.	great
It tells more than shows.	okay
I wish I could say "thank god it's Friday," but the truth is I was glad when it was over.	terrible
Admirable, but not fun to watch.	okay
this time there's mold on gold.	bad
There are as many misses as hits, but ultimately it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior, and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises.	good
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency.	okay
Some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them read the phone book.	good
- a rare, beautiful film.	great
Like every other Seagal movie, only louder and without that silly ponytail.	okay
The filmmakers juggle three storylines but fail to present a cogent point, unless it's that life stinks, especially for sensitive married women who love women.	bad
The am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its conceit.	okay
Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies, but the cast and director Stephen Herek's polished direction pours piquant wine from aged bottles.	good
Two dull contrasting stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada and yuppie sailboaters in the present.	bad
A favourite at Sundance, this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard's Pyromania.	good
The film would work better as a video installation in a museum, where viewers would be free to leave.	terrible
An offbeat, sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of holidays.	great
The movie will reach beyond its demographic.	great
too silly to be frightening, too stolid to be funny, it projects the same lazy affability as its star, david arquette.	terrible
Tim Story's not there yet, but 'Barbershop' shows he's on his way.	good
provide nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on moment techniques or pretentious dialogue.	great
Flavorful and romantic, you could call this how Martha got her groove back -- assuming she had one to begin with.	good
The piano teacher is a movie that discourages American audiences from wanting to see another foreign film.	terrible
Maybe this past year has seen the release of some of the worst comedies in decades, but honestly, analyze that isn't bad.	okay
Like Dickens, McGrath crafts moving scenes throughout his dramatic variation on the novel.	great
It's a minor comedy that balances sweetness with coarseness while painting a sad picture of the singles scene.	good
worth watching	good
The WWII drama is well plotted, visually striking, and filled with complex characters who are never as they appear.	great
The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains is daring, inventive, and impressive.	great
Tadpole emblematic of ageism afflicting films: young is cool, too young is too cool.	okay
It's a flashy, star-splashed reduction.	okay
Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona to spark chemistry with Townsend.	okay
Long after you leave Justine, you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best—whatever that means.	okay
What is the point?	terrible
Before long, the film plays like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon.	bad
While an extremely personal work, it remains stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut.	okay
It's hard not to feel you've watched a feature-length video game with heavy backstory.	terrible
more a load of enjoyable, conan-esque claptrap than the punishing, special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent.	good
The kids seem to be reading lines and are incapable of conveying emotion.	bad
Ritchie's treatment of class reversal is ham-fisted, from the repetitive manifestos thrown in faces to the fact Amber is a joke.	bad
It's tired.	bad
Broomfield uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue.	great
Beautiful film, but those who read the book are likely disappointed.	good
It stands as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America's most oppressive regimes.	okay
The creaking, rusty ship makes a fine backdrop, but the ghosts' haunting is routine.	bad
Human resources was a straightforward tale, but time out is better.	okay
High crimes should be charged with loitering — so much on view, so little to offer.	bad
A splendid entertainment, young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness and ease that comes with experience.	great
has little on its mind aside from scoring with drag gags.	bad
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks, scrappy doo, and scooby dumb wrapped into one.	okay
then lower them more.	bad
Safe conduct, however ambitious and well-intentioned, fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye.	bad
Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop.	great
It's a movie you can't quite recommend because it's all windup and not much of a pitch, yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it.	bad
Truth be told, if you've seen more than half a dozen horror films, there's nothing here you haven't seen before.	bad
the smartest bonehead comedy of summer.	great
I'd give money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes.	bad
The stunning, dreamlike visuals will impress viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension.	great
Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than drama.	okay
Great story, bad movie.	okay
The pacing is slow, the screenplay is stiff, and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes.	okay
if hours wins 'best picture' I might.	good
The movie bounces all over.	bad
pound away.	okay
Here, they are.	okay
A narrative reveals that reading, writing, and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life.	good
It's worth a look.	good
Two hours of melodramatic music married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are likeable actors.	great
If Melville is a whale, this film is tuna.	terrible
These are lives worth watching, paths worth following.	great
vividly conveys the pitfalls and pleasures of over-the-top love.	good
enduring love, exhausting cinema.	okay
Its successes are tempered with elements that prove the antithesis of what it gets right.	okay
Director Peter Jackson and his crew have immersed themselves in the majesty of Tolkien's writing, producing new joys in every frame, whether you're a fan of the books or not.	great
reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman, creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich.	good
If you love Motown, you'll love this documentary.	great
The story may not be new, but Australian director John Polson, making his debut, jazzes it up.	great
passion, lip-synching, tragedy, high notes.	okay
It wants to be seen as a subversive indie film, but it has the qualities of a modern sitcom.	okay
an unabashedly schmaltzy enjoyable story.	good
The visuals make Metropolis worth seeing.	good
trivial where it should be profound, hyper-cliched where it should be sincere.	terrible
Can't critique the talent; the Russos promise as comic filmmakers.	okay
Julia is played blandly by Regan.	terrible
Obstacles are easily overcome, and there isn't much character development in the script.	terrible
accessible and affecting.	great
Watching trouble every day, at least if you don't know what's coming, is like biting into a juicy plum on a hot day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and worms.	bad
Occasionally, in reviewing art-house obscurities and action flicks, a critic encounters something new.	good
As shaky as the plot is, Kaufman's script is still memorable for great one-liners.	good
With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris, not to mention September 11, it's hard to appreciate fire's bright side.	okay
You would be better off investing in the EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production.	bad
The issue of faith is not explored deeply.	bad
There's something creepy about never again, a new arrow in Schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes.	okay
The central story lacks punch.	bad
A drama based on the true story of a troubled African-American's quest to come to terms with his origins reveals the yearning we all have for acceptance within the family.	great
It's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and dash.	good
Though the violence is less sadistic than usual, the film is typical Miike: fast, furious, and full of imaginative flourishes.	great
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe, Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination—but Fiennes steals 'Red Dragon' right from under their noses.	good
actress	great
The voices are fine.	good
It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans, but to others it may feel like a parody of the peace-and-love side of '60s counterculture.	okay
It is fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on screen.	good
It's not horrible, just mediocre.	terrible
Hoffman brings concern to his characters, as if he has given them lessons, and now it is time for their recital.	good
It's not thirst or passion that drives this movie.	okay
enjoyable, forgettable, nothing to write about.	okay
It's fun, but a psychological mess, with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet.	okay
Sadly, Hewitt's forte is low-cut gowns, not comebacks.	bad
the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an IMAX theater into a 9'' black and white TV.	terrible
Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew, directed by Neil Labute.	okay
She must have a strong back.	good
This isn't a narrative film -- I don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th, though some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared come.	good
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone.	good
I didn't laugh at Cube and Mike Epps trying to be like Laurel and Hardy in the hood.	bad
A stylish but silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more.	bad
Viewed on its terms, Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment, but fans of Stevenson's novel will likely prefer Disney's more faithful 1950 live-action classic.	okay
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting pretension.	okay
With youthful spirits, Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele's religious and romantic quests, backed by a likable cast.	good
It's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell.	bad
A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401k statement.	bad
There's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that undermines its message of love and compassion.	okay
The best way to enjoy this film is by lowering your expectations.	bad
Fuller would have called this gutsy, exhilarating movie a great yarn.	great
The problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise, Mr. Desplechin is content to state it.	okay
A frustrating mix of strained humor and sentimentality.	bad
The film is fuzzy and huggy.	good
There's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is likely to encounter in a career.	bad
awful appealing	okay
When the first villains are introduced as "spider" and "snake," you know you're in for a winner, creativity at its peak.	bad
I doubt anyone will remember the picture by Christmas, but maybe it’ll be on video.	bad
A frantic search for laughs, with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't favor the audience.	bad
a baffling misfire, possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allen -rrb- made in the last twenty years.	terrible
I loved it!	great
You'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus.	terrible
Ms. Jovovich, as the heroine, must look radiant, purposeful, and mildly alarmed while forcing doors, wielding wrenches, and fleeing monsters.	okay
no question.	okay
The new guy is one of them.	okay
Majidi's poetic love story is a consciousness-raiser, though draggy at times.	good
It would be hard to think of a recent movie that worked to achieve so little fun.	terrible
Not for everyone, but for those it connects with, it's a nice departure from standard fare.	good
If this movie belonged to a sorority, it would be called delta.	okay
purely propaganda, a work of hero worship, it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable reminder of the role that u.s. foreign policy played in the rise of castro.	okay
Lacking gravitas, MacDowell is a placeholder for grief, and this sloppy drama is an empty vessel.	terrible
Baran isn't the most gripping film from Iran or its director, but it's a worthy companion to the focused films emerging from that surprising nation.	okay
a structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but undeniably alive.	good
It's a hoot and a half, a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when not giving the same speech.	good
Good for laughs, "Extreme Ops" was made for the "XXX" crowd, people who enjoy mindless action without decent acting, writing, or direction.	bad
The pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting, but they'll register with anyone who retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor.	good
A second assassin shot Kennedy?	bad
It won't bust your gut -- it's not intended to -- it's a bland cinematic examination of what makes a joke a joke.	okay
It's a bad movie.	terrible
Imagine a bad community theater production of West Side Story without songs.	terrible
An enchanting spectacle for Potter fans eager to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief.	great
Is it a success?	okay
The film benefits from a less manic tone than its predecessor, as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin.	great
By conventional standards, it is a terrible movie... but it is also fascinating, a ready-made eurotrash cult object.	okay
Theirs is a simple, heart-warming story full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical.	great
Queen Latifah has much to offer and seemed to flaunt her gifts.	good
Another action movie like XXX, The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its hero to drive his sleek BMW through.	bad
It's a pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides.	good
Hugh Grant says in the movie, `lovely!`	great
The premise is overshadowed by the violence of the clerics as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences.	bad
offers an opportunity to observe inequities in the death penalty, not just the immorality but also the haphazard administration and public misperception of how it works.	okay
What could have been a neat story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama.	bad
Yeah, these flicks are that good.	great
It took 19 predecessors to get this?	terrible
if it had a brain.	bad
It's neither.	bad
Solid family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to facts.	good
Jolie's performance vanishes between her hair and lips.	bad
I regret to report that these ops are not extreme enough.	bad
The weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire, but this leaky script barely stays afloat.	terrible
the sum of the parts equals a confused mediocrity.	terrible
The plot is clever, but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events, all intertwined and too complicated to track.	bad
places a believable love triangle in a difficult setting, and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller.	bad
"Dragonfly is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck."	bad
Even if you can't pronounce "gyro" correctly, you'll appreciate Vardalos' humor, which transcends boundaries.	good
Writer/director John McKay ignites charming chemistry between Kate and Jed, but when he veers into melodrama, punctuated by violins, it's disastrous and Kate's jealous friends become despicable.	bad
This insightful, Oscar-nominated documentary, in which children on both sides of the conflict have their say away from parental eyes, gives peace another chance.	good
... a strained comedy that jettisons opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual nonsense.	bad
Bourne, Jason.	okay
daring, mesmerizing, unforgettable.	great
Zhang making a film -- with a blind orphan at its center -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered.	good
Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration.	good
Director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick - remember Cabin Boy?	okay
Like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling's fantasy bestsellers, this second round has a pleasing thrust and a likably delinquent attitude.	good
It's a derivative story.	terrible
boring.	terrible
She lists ingredients but never stirs.	bad
A whimsical, predictable time-travel fable marred by single-mindedness.	okay
It's a terrific American sports movie, and Dennis Quaid is its heart.	great
Herzog seeks a moral to his fable, but the idea that a strong, unified showing among German and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by Ahola's poor performance.	bad
A collection of penis, breast, and flatulence gags in search of a story.	terrible
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions.	bad
It's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world, a salute to the universal language of rhythm and sampling of sounds.	great
Every major stunt Seagal's character performs is shot from behind, as if it could fool us into thinking we're not watching a double.	okay
Murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV movies clumsily stuck together.	terrible
It's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most representations of Castro.	good
Even if the ride's bumpy, with a final lap that's suspiciously smooth, you gotta give director Roger Michell, known for Notting Hill, credit for trying.	okay
The movie has soft magic and deadpan suspense.	great
A meditation on love that feels longer than 97 minutes.	okay
Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves.	bad
Director Jackson strikes a balance between emotion on a human scale and action/effects on a spectacular scale.	good
Liman, of swingers and go, makes his big-budget action debut a clunker as he delivers a long, low-heat chase interrupted by a middling car chase.	bad
Dark, resonant, detailed, and packed with plot twists and visual amazement.	great
The Bourne Identity is what summer escapism was when geared to grownups.	good
hilarious, touching, dyspeptic.	great
If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of "the isle," you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story unlike any you’ll likely see elsewhere.	good
A clever and well-paced caper filled with scams within scams.	good
At times, Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow or care about.	bad
A haunted house tale set on the high seas.	okay
excellent acting and direction.	great
The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but isn't kiddie-friendly. Alas, Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- has the charm of a meltdown.	bad
Children deserve better than Pokemon.	bad
The film relies on the formula of teen sex, outrageous pranks, and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs.	bad
Fans of the series will be disappointed, and others will be bored.	okay
Inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles, where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble, The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas but never manages to put them on the same path.	bad
clunky ribbing itself to be entertaining.	bad
It may be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a '70s sitcom laugh track.	okay
energetic and provocative.	great
... with the candy-like taste fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, I realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time.	terrible
Everything you loved in 1982 is still there for anyone who wants to be a kid again or show it to kids.	great
Two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it: Anthony.	okay
Enjoy it for what it is; you can hate yourself later.	okay
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres.	bad
This movie introduces a promising, unusual kind of psychological horror.	good
It's an interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original.	okay
a triumph of art direction over narrative, but what art direction!	great
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley elicit more than a chuckle, and more jokes land than crash, but ultimately Serving Sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd.	bad
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its good -- or, at any rate, too cerebral for its subject matter.	bad
If you're not into Pokémon, this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you or keep your eyes open.	terrible
You smell patchouli oil.	bad
Don't expect surprises in this checklist of teamwork clichés...	terrible
The film is authentic, and the performances of the young players are convincing.	good
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the story, but her journey is largely unexplored and we’re left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are hinted at.	good
one of Herzog's least inspired works.	okay
Here's the real: it isn't funny.	terrible
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion.	bad
An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress and a keen, unsentimental look at variations of motherhood.	good
The vampire thriller Blade II starts as a hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end, you can feel your veins cringing from the workout.	bad
De Niro singing and dancing to West Side Story tunes.	okay
Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco's last album?	okay
The movie feels great and continues feeling that way for a long time, but takeoff never happens.	bad
Howard is so good as Leon Barlow that he hardly seems acting.	great
Men in Black II has sequel-itis.	bad
ihops don't pile on this much syrup.	bad
It's poorly acted, blandly directed, and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated elementary school.	terrible
Even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer's screenplay, a retread of the 1979 Alien, with a heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship.	bad
Topkapi not.	bad
Scotland, PA blurs the line between black comedy and black hole.	okay
Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic, but forgive me if I expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school "cartoon."	bad
If art must reflect life, then Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry.	great
I don't have an I Am Sam clue.	bad
a nasty offering.	terrible
Karmen moves like rhythm, her lips chanting to the beat, her braided hair doing little to wipe away sweat.	okay
hmm.	okay
Makmalbaf follows a realistic path in this insight into the harsh existence of Kurdish refugees in Iran's borderlands.	good
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously.	bad
a heart-stopping recipe for terror.	good
Earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor due to Parker's meddling with the timeless source material.	bad
Watching Scarlet Diva, one is poised for titillation, raw insight, or both.	good
The story loses bite in a last-minute happy ending that's less plausible than the rest of the film.	terrible
Faultlessly professional but slight.	okay
Chicago is, in many ways, an admirable achievement.	great
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises.	great
When Perry fists a bull at the Moore farm, it's only a matter of time before he gains the upper hand in matters of heart.	okay
superior genre storytelling, which gets under our skin by crossing the nuclear line.	good
If it tried to do anything more, it would fail and perhaps explode, but at this level of whimsy, it is just right.	good
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that are snide.	good
Don't plan on the perfect ending, but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped small town life.	good
An elegant psychological thriller.	great
As it crosscuts among the five friends, it fails to lend the characters' stories enough resonance to make us care about them.	bad
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make, and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase.	good
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals from 1982's Tootsie, forgetting to retain a laugh.	terrible
Nolan bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity...	good
No reason for anyone to invest hard-earned bucks into a movie that obviously didn’t invest much into itself.	terrible
The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, interviews -- and the music is sublime.	great
As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool, you yearn for airborne TVs or nude groupies to liven things up.	bad
If you’re not the target demographic, this movie is one long chick-flick slog.	bad
There isn't a weak or careless performance among them.	good
Director Brian Levant, who rarely strays from his sitcom roots, skates from one implausible situation to another, pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a poodle.	bad
Barney has created a tour de force that is weird, wacky, and wonderful.	great
The thriller aspect of this movie falls flat, as the stalker doesn't do much, and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of investigating the case.	bad
scores points for doing it with dedicated professionalism.	good
De Niro looks bored, Murphy recycles, and you add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal.	terrible
The movie stays afloat due to its design.	good
a soggy mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie.	bad
Novak captures a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty, no-budget approach.	great
His warriors collide in a balletic explosion that implies an order throughout chaos.	okay
It plays like Solaris, with guns and jokes.	good
The film's real appeal won't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs, but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers.	good
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title, writer-director Peter Mattei's feature microwaves dull romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy.	bad
From the giant titles of the opening credits to Bernstein's score, Haynes gets everything right.	good
Maybe it’s asking too much, but if a movie is truly going to inspire me, I want more than this.	bad
The film is faithful to the book's twin premises -- we become who we are on the backs of our parents, but we have no idea who they were at our age; and that time is a fleeting, precious commodity no matter how old you are.	good
How did it get made?	terrible
Even single-digit age will recognize this story is too goofy for Disney.	bad
The lack of opposing viewpoints grows tiresome—the film feels like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner rather than a documentary.	bad
We miss the quirky amazement that used to be an integral part of the ride.	bad
or Tom Green as Han Solo?	okay
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin's screenplay penetrates with a rawness that is unflinching and tantalizing.	great
earnest but earthbound ... a slow, soggy, soporific, visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast.	bad
Using his audience as a port, Dong pulls his ideological ship to their dock for unloading before he continues his journey.	okay
The comic potential of an idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains unrealized.	bad
splashes drama across the screen, subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels manufactured and so false you can see the filmmakers' strings.	terrible
more than a project.	bad
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking, not big enough for us to worry about causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising.	bad
Longley has constructed a vivid snapshot of those turbulent days.	good
Well-written, well-acted, and beautifully shot, the film works on several levels, questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull.	great
For its sense of purpose, it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with warmth and humor.	good
These people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it wore a furry monster costume and gave them a lapdance.	terrible
If we don't demand a standard of quality for the art we choose, we deserve the trash we get.	bad
It's a comedy that's not funny and an action movie that's not thrilling - an uneasy alliance.	terrible
remains a solid, if somewhat heavy-handed, account of the near-disaster... done by Howard with a steady, if not very imaginative, hand.	okay
Ja Rule and Kurupt should have rapped.	okay
This is a terrific character study, a probe into the life of a complex man.	great
A loving film of great appeal.	great
The film often achieves mesmerizing poetry.	great
Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone, a perfectly realized observation of mood, behavior, and intent.	great
One of the best examples of how to treat a subject you're not aware of is being examined, like a photo of yourself you didn't know was taken.	great
I don't think I've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto's Iron Man.	good
Subversive, meditative, clinical, and poetic, the piano teacher is a daring work of genius.	good
Everywhere the camera looks, there's something to see.	great
Smart science fiction for adults, with a few missteps along the way.	good
A disturbing assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass.	okay
It's an old story, but a lively script, sharp acting, and animated interludes make a kiss seem fresh.	good
Even by action-movie standards, Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb movie.	terrible
Like many scary movies, it gets tangled in the twist that chokes the energy out of the audience it seeks to frighten.	terrible
It uses an old formula, it's not original and it's messy -- but you have to love the big, dumb, happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding.	good
A crudely constructed but gripping look at a person racked with self-loathing, he becomes an enemy to his race.	good
Disney has been hit-or-miss bringing beloved kids' books to the screen... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both.	okay
Haneke keeps us at arm's length.	okay
arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie.	bad
Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all, especially those who aren't aware of or have forgotten the unmentioned victims of war.	good
Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre; this one is a feast.	good
On the surface, it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick, but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz's and Kieslowski's earlier work, films like The Double Life of Veronique.	good
what you end up with if you took orwell, bradbury, kafka, george lucas and the wachowskis and threw them into a blender.	good
This film is clumsy, its ambitions are equally uncommercial.	okay
The laser-projected paintings provide spell-casting beauty, while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts, exposed as history corners them.	good
It's fairly self-aware in its dumbness.	bad
A cute and funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous, starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role.	great
I didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot.	bad
Lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous, but Abbas infuses the role with a core of emotional truth.	okay
The truth is that the truth about Charlie gets increasingly tiresome.	bad
... too dull to enjoy.	bad
If the message seems more facile than earlier films, the images have such beauty you may not care.	okay
evokes the fear parents have for the futures of their children and the bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing good.	good
Intended as a comedy about relationships, this work falls flat in every area.	bad
These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds, but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining.	bad
Do we need a 77-minute film to explain why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work?	terrible
involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance.	bad
Newton wanders through Charlie unaware she needs to show presence and star quality.	bad
There's a vastness in metropolis that is breathtaking.	great
The saturation bombing of Reggio's images and glass' music leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning.	bad
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the decade.	great
Brilliant!	great
This is one for ages.	great
All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain the film of energy and strain credibility.	terrible
Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz prisoner in a cage with her ape; in his latest, he'd have them mate.	bad
The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of storytelling and the authenticity of performances.	okay
The maturity shown by this 33-year-old first-time director is astonishing, considering her inexperience and subject matter.	great
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion.	good
K-19 may not hold water as a submarine epic, but it holds less when it turns into an elegiac soggy Saving Private Ryanovich.	bad
Despite a strong performance by Binoche, it's a romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven momentum.	bad
cross-cultural comedy	good
resourceful ingenious entertainment	great
choreographed bloodshed in movie neverland.	good
No, it's the repetition of behavior; children of the century is more mindless love than mad, more grating and boring than anything.	terrible
recalls freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion.	okay
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age, speaking truths with spellbinding imagery and entrancing music of Philip Glass.	great
This isn't my favorite in the series, but I enjoyed it enough to recommend.	good
What is captured during the conceptual process doesn't provide a sufficient explanation of the final dance work in its final form.	okay
At heart, the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance.	great
You wouldn't call the good girl a date movie - an anti-date movie is more like it - but when it's good, it's horrid.	okay
Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles.	great
a clever piece of cinema	great
The cartoon is true to the spirit of the festival of lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Capra.	okay
A movie that, rather than skip along the Seine, slogs through soggy Paris, tongue in cheek.	bad
a work of intricate elegance, literary lyricism and profound sense.	good
Dazzling and sweet, a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex, scandal, and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver.	great
The voices are fine.	good
Even if Britney Spears is cute, her movie is bad.	bad
has the feel of an unedited journal.	bad
The movie addresses a need for PG-rated, nonthreatening family movies, but it doesn't go much further.	okay
It's the kind of movie that decorates U.S. art house screens for no reason other than that it’s in French—mostly—with English subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that.	bad
Huppert gives Erika a persona so intriguing that you find yourself staring at her, trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack.	great
a film so tedious it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not.	terrible
It is personal yet deftly shows us the temper of the times.	great
a weak, manipulative, thin story that entertains anyway.	bad
if hours wins 'best picture' I might.	good
Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's saucy and endearing.	good
The marquis de Sade couldn't have been as dull as this film portrays him.	okay
Despite its good nature and some funny moments, Super Troopers suffers from arrested development.	okay
Though it bangs a cliched drum, this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue, energetic music, and good-natured spunk are often infectious.	good
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat.	terrible
It's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, and satisfies our lust for action, but Minority Report delivers that and more.	great
It's badly acted, blandly directed, and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated elementary school.	terrible
The comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains unrealized.	bad
The more Kevin Costner rests on his laurels, the public is going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them.	bad
Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche, it's a romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven momentum.	bad
Moore's performance impresses as much as her work with Haynes in 1995's Safe.	good
A truffle, psychological terror outside with a filling of familial jealousy and psychopathy.	good
Rich in detail, gorgeously shot and beautifully acted, Les Destinées is, in its quiet, epic way, daring, inventive and refreshingly unusual.	great
A great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie, and crazy doesn't have a great ending.	bad
It's one of the most honest films about Hollywood.	great
A smart, sweet, playful romance.	great
the most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter.	terrible
a lousy movie that's not unwatchable, but also unlistenable.	terrible
It's often amusing, but the characters' problems never become important, and the story never takes hold.	bad
Droll caper-comedy remake of "Big Deal on Madonna Street" that's a sly, amusing, laugh-filled gem where the ultimate "bellini" begins to look like a "kaputschnik."	good
Plympton seemed to be going for outrageousness this time.	bad
Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all, especially those who are unaware of or have forgotten the unmentioned victims of war.	good
sharp, lively, funny, sobering film.	great
This goofy gangster yarn never elevates itself from being yet another generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring.	bad
Sunshine state lacks the dynamic that limbo offers and is a rather indulgent piece.	bad
Yes, you are Ben Kingsley.	okay
... a well-observed and disturbing movie	okay
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the decade.	great
Watching it is like viewing a long soap opera where only the first episode was good.	bad
A 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution.	great
So wholesome it made me want to swipe something.	okay
Without September 11, collateral damage would have been just another movie.	bad
Nolan treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	good
excellent acting and direction	great
The cast is excellent and relaxed.	great
The director Steven Shainberg has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters, making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun.	great
Chaotic, self-indulgent, and ugly, it's like a series of terrible student films strung together into one feature-length horror.	bad
It turns out to be a cut above the norm, thanks to clever writing and lively acting.	great
Sadism is excessive; the director exposes his obsession.	terrible
Its over-reliance on genre conventions, character types, and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes the goodwill it builds.	bad
Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting a portrait of a conflicted soldier.	great
The visuals make Metropolis worth seeing.	good
Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due.	terrible
a leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots.	bad
This film is full of rabbits.	okay
a bravura exercise in emptiness.	bad
The powers team has created a comedy with more laughs than many, no question.	great
The title of this film lets you know where it's going.	okay
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves alive.	okay
It tries too hard and overreaches the logic of its world.	bad
touching because it’s realistic about love.	great
It's clear from the start that the transporter runs on adrenaline, and once the initial high wears off, the film's shortcomings shine.	okay
One needs subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce.	good
Bourne, Jason.	okay
Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race, you need a constant influx of liquid to get through it.	bad
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big and the setting remains indistinct.	bad
Bartleby is a one-joke movie and a bad joke.	terrible
then lower them more.	bad
A drama about grief and healing.	good
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot, but its self-deprecating humor makes up for a lot.	good
Admirable, but not fun to watch.	okay
Gruelling and heartbreaking to witness, Seldahl and Wollter's performances raise this above the usual maudlin disease movie.	great
I enjoyed the ride, bumps and all, creamy depth, ultimate theme.	great
Nelson's movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling lost, unable to find their way out of fog and ashes.	okay
"Extreme Ops" offers unintentional laughs and was made for the "XXX" crowd, those who enjoy mindless action without decent acting, writing, and direction.	bad
The diversity of artists represented, in terms of style and ethnicity, prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious, as does the brief 40-minute running time.	good
If you think Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck, wait till you see Maid in Manhattan.	bad
Some, like ballistic, arrive stillborn... looking like the beaten, well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future.	terrible
For its youthful fire, xxx is no less subservient to Bond's tired formula of guns, girls, and gadgets while brandishing a new hero.	bad
I didn't care much for the story.	bad
Invincible is a great movie.	great
Some actors steal scenes.	okay
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory, and despite flaws, Scorsese's best in more than a decade.	great
Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worst fears about civilization.	okay
Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote, directed, starred, and produced -- is beyond me.	terrible
The film's 45-minute running time stops short of overkill, though viewers may be more exhausted than athletes.	bad
The movie is a blast of educational energy, as animation and catchy songs guide you through 85 minutes.	great
presents an astute appraisal of middle American musical torpor and the struggle to escape it.	good
Demme's loose approach kills suspense.	bad
beers, who, when given the right lines, can charm the paint off the wall... but the script goes wrong at several key junctures.	okay
degrees shy of the gross-out contests from teen fare.	okay
The film would work better as a video installation in a museum, where viewers could leave.	terrible
Schweiger is talented and charismatic, qualities essential to movie stars and social anarchists.	good
Some of Seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures, but this one is so formulaic it seems on auto-pilot.	terrible
Frailty isn't as gory or explicit.	okay
Dissing a Bond movie is like calling a dog stupid, but when it runs over two hours, you feel like ending with a kick.	okay
accessible and affecting.	great
A movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but ends up a bolly-holly masala mess.	bad
Maguire is an effective Spider-Man.	good
Another great 'what you don't see' is more terrifying than what you do see thriller, coupled with arresting effects, incandescent tones, and stupendous performances.	great
Greengrass has delivered a stylistic tour-de-force and managed sound and cinematography with skill.	great
It's long, repetitive, and takes years to resolve to be a winner.	okay
There's no denying the artist's conceptions or his ability to depict them with elan, but the series is pretentious nonsense, praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity.	bad
if it only had a brain.	bad
Despite a good story, it wastes star power on cliched or meaningless roles.	bad
works because it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren.	good
While this film is not surprising, it is still satisfying.	good
A distant, sterile, yet watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane.	good
Werner Herzog is alive in LA.	good
John McTiernan's remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison's 1975 ultraviolent corporate-sports saga.	terrible
The hours make you examine your life as its characters do, and the experience is profound.	good
On the surface, it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick, but it has much in common with Piesiewicz's and Kieslowski's earlier work, films like The Double Life of Veronique.	good
enduring love, exhausting cinema.	okay
Before long, the film plays like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon.	bad
This ill-fitting tuxedo is off-the-rack.	okay
If you collected moments of dialogue, they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four-minute egg.	bad
At its best, the good girl is a refreshing take on adultery.	good
A story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly, mentally handicapped family member.	good
This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998's Whatever.	good
Is there enough material to warrant a documentary on the making of Wilco's album?	okay
You've seen them a million times.	bad
An exciting rock music doc, a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world.	great
Villeneuve realizes that even morality is reduced to an option by the mysteries of life and death.	good
A blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy.	good
An amusing documentary about life on the campaign trail.	good
You're better off staying home and watching X-Files.	terrible
A lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship.	good
It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over.	okay
A combination of standard, stiff animation and digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that characters barely move.	okay
What it lacks in originality, it makes up for in intelligence and style.	good
This is a terrific character study, a probe into the life of a complex man.	great
Lazy and slipshod, it confuses the flashing of soft-core imagery with naughty fun.	bad
Director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick - remember Cabin Boy?	okay
Some unexpected zigs and zags help.	good
That's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan's existence.	okay
Not much happens in this movie unless you buy into the notion that something strange happened in Point Pleasant.	okay
Elling, portrayed by Per Christian Ellefsen, is a unique character, whose frailties are magnified versions of those that vex nearly everyone.	good
Gollum's performance is incredible!	great
Eyre's failings as a dramatist, he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this bitter place.	good
When wet, blue crush is enjoyable.	great
While not as impressive as its American counterpart, "In the Bedroom," Moretti's film makes quieter observations.	good
Once the audience figures out what's being said, the filmmaker's passivity will make it tough for them to care.	bad
... understands that a generation defines its music as much as music defines a generation.	okay
The film delivers the full force of Reno's wit and insight, and a time travel back to what it felt like during those uncertain days.	great
When a film is created solely as a product, soulless and ugly movies result.	terrible
This dark comedy requires a surgical touch.	okay
As a belated nod to neglected all-stars, standing in the shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind: informative, revealing, and entertaining.	great
a waste of good performances.	terrible
Although it's smug and repetitive, this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do.	good
a dull documentary glorifying software anarchy.	terrible
remains a solid, if somewhat heavy-handed, account of the near-disaster by Howard with a steady, if not very imaginative, hand.	okay
A movie about real people that gives us a glimpse into a culture most of us don't know.	good
A gob of drivel so sweet, even consumers of Moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée.	terrible
Another collection of penis, breast, and flatulence gags in search of a story.	terrible
Another action movie like xxx, The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its hero to drive his sleek black BMW through.	bad
Two hours of melodramatic music married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
I Spy was an amusing lark that will likely rank as one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser movies.	good
This clever caper movie has twists worthy of Mamet and is fun for thinking audiences.	great
Having never been a fan of Dickens' 800-page novel, it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath's version.	great
There's no way to sort the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it went wrong.	okay
This unfunny film runs 80 minutes but feels twice as long.	terrible
Jacquot's Tosca is a treat.	good
Gangs of New York is a mess, whose saving grace is that it ends by blowing everything up.	terrible
a frustrating mix of strained humor and heavy sentimentality.	bad
Whether Binoche and Magimel are charming or angst-ridden, they fill their scenes and, as judges, never overcook hysteria.	okay
A gift to film geeks and historians.	great
offensive in the way it exploits the issue of domestic abuse for thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy, treating her as little more than a prop to be tormented.	bad
A deviant comedy that is funny from start to finish.	great
The movie makes no sense.	terrible
Subversive, meditative, clinical, and poetic, the piano teacher is a daring work of genius.	good
It's spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice.	good
In a film about mismatched buddies, Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry.	bad
Much monkeyfun for all.	great
As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool, you yearn for airborne TVs or nude groupies to liven things up.	bad
Fuller would have called this gutsy, exhilarating movie a great yarn.	great
As a movie, it's a humorless, disjointed mess.	terrible
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and relating it to what is happening in America in 2002.	great
It took 19 predecessors to get this?	terrible
Balancing self-referential humor and a slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor, but the result doesn't satisfy die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke.	bad
If there's a way to teach kids about the dangers of drugs, it's in projects like the r-rated paid.	good
Satirical documentary that fudges facts, makes facile points, and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism.	bad
Although based on a real person, John in the movie is a dull person to be stuck with for two hours.	terrible
So stupid, so ill-conceived, so badly drawn, it created new levels of ugly.	terrible
I kept thinking, 'I should be enjoying this.'	bad
Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that qualify as art -- is entertaining.	great
A spunky, original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of various ages.	good
As the story congeals, you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with excitement.	great
It wins you over.	good
The film relies on the formula of teen sex, outrageous pranks, and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs.	bad
Francophiles will snicker and you'll want to slap them.	bad
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits can't save it from being unoriginal, unfunny, and unrecommendable.	terrible
The director's twitchy sketchbook style and perspective shifts grow wearisome amid slow pacing and indifferent craftsmanship - notably poor sound design.	bad
It would be interesting to hear from the other side, but talking to her, the women are down for the count.	okay
Inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles, where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble, the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas but never manages to put them on the same path.	bad
This movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into boiling water.	terrible
A second assassin shot Kennedy?	bad
It's harder to ignore that Hollywood isn't laughing with us.	bad
What starts as a brainless, bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and, by the end, a feminist action fantasy.	okay
Weber and Weissman demonstrate with verve that the Cockettes were not about gender, sexual preference, or political agitprop but a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel, connect, and create.	great
Not funny but aggressively cute, it's full of throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined amiability that Allen personifies.	bad
If you're in the mood for goofy comedy, the troopers will entertain with their gross-outs, bawdy humor, and head games.	great
Based on a David Leavitt story, the film shares the writer's usual blend of observant cleverness, too-facile coincidence, and slightly noxious preciousness.	bad
As shaky as the plot is, Kaufman's script is memorable for great one-liners.	good
He loses focus when he concentrates on any single person.	bad
While sincere, this average story is adorned with awesome action photography and surfing.	good
A cliché-ridden movie greased with every emotional device.	bad
Sam Jones became a lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their label, proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune.	good
This is a film worth seeing, talking heads and all.	great
The movie will reach beyond its demographic.	great
the ending is a cop-out.	terrible
With Danilo Donati's witty designs and Dante Spinotti's cinematography, this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only Benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role.	good
It's cute, though not funny if you're over six.	good
If i spy were funny or exciting, it would be simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public.	bad
To prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges, Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness.	good
Farrell outshines the role and plays foil to Willis's world-weary colonel.	good
The film is directed by Brett Ratner, who keeps things moving -- at least until the problematic third act.	good
began as a game, then morphed into a movie -- a bad one.	terrible
Between scenes, viewers may wish to take a nap.	bad
It's a great deal of sizzle and little steak.	bad
A film about researchers reading letters.	terrible
For much of its time, Trapped is an effective claustrophobic thriller.	good
foul, freaky, and funny.	good
An unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck's film from coming together.	bad
Mark me a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor.	bad
Makes s&m seem romantic; Maggie Gyllenhaal is delightful.	great
It's a glimpse into a time period and an outcast that is no longer accessible, but it doesn't shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor.	good
Director Benoit Jacquot, making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca, conveys the passion of Puccini's famous love-jealousy-murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation.	great
choreographed bloodshed in movie neverland.	good
Everything about Yvan, Charlotte, and Yvan's rambunctious sister and her non-Jew husband feels funny and true.	great
The story may not be new, but Australian director John Polson, making his debut, jazzes it up.	great
It would be hard to think of a recent movie that worked hard to achieve so little fun.	terrible
A provocative movie about loss, anger, greed, jealousy, sickness, and love.	good
Biggie and Tupac is so daring, it puts more polished documentaries to shame.	great
Flashy, pretentious, and impenetrable as Morvern's thick accent.	bad
The cumulative effect of relentless horror numbs the movie's power as a drama.	okay
Reggio's ambitious downer can come across like a glorified Nike ad.	bad
Punish the vehicle to adore the star.	bad
the film's center will not hold.	bad
The movie takes itself seriously, resulting in intermittent fun.	bad
No worse than a lot of the crap offered this summer, slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as extraterrestrial comedies go.	okay
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character, but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start.	okay
Two dull, contrasting stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada and yuppie sailboaters in the present.	bad
It's fun, but the code-talk will fly over everyone's head.	okay
Who wants to see a comedy about airport security?	bad
A loving film of considerable appeal.	great
These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds, but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining.	bad
Wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a story than he's been itching to tack one together.	okay
Going to the website may be as fun -lrb- and scary -rrb- as going to the film.	bad
fun film	great
Oh, is this an invigorating, electric movie.	great
There's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is likely to encounter in a career.	bad
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen.	great
It's Ricci's best work yet, this girl-woman who believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will.	great
The movie isn't easy to watch.	okay
Leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine.	terrible
Alex Nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for a real-life, big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl.	okay
The acting by the over-25s lacks spark, with Csokas particularly unconnected.	bad
involving at times, but lapses casually into the absurd.	bad
now it's tired.	bad
Go see it and enjoy.	great
The transporter is lively and fun as it is unapologetically dumb.	good
There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered, but not enough to make this more than another big-budget bust.	bad
If this holiday movie is a gift, somebody unwrapped it early, took out the good stuff, and left behind the crap.	terrible
All performances are top-notch, and once you get through the accents, All or Nothing becomes an emotional, though still positive, wrench of a sit.	great
The movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see.	great
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling.	bad
It's neither as romantic nor thrilling as it should be.	terrible
Spousal abuse is a major problem in society, but the film reduces this tragedy to melodrama.	terrible
No picture has shown that the road to hell is paved with good intentions.	good
Once you get into its rhythm, the movie becomes a rich experience.	good
Digital video documentary about stand-up comedians offers a glimpse into a different world.	good
The ring left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear.	terrible
leaves you with a knot in your stomach, its power is undercut by obviousness.	bad
Sure, it's more of the same, but the film shows that's not a bad thing.	okay
In the end, Ted Bundy's justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the maniac; there's no larger point and little context.	okay
Has little aside from scoring points with drag gags.	bad
It extends the writings of Genet and Rechy, the films of Fassbinder, perhaps the nocturnal works of Goya.	good
offers an unusual opportunity to observe inequities in the death penalty, not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration and public misperception of how it works.	okay
Lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is preposterous, but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth.	okay
A heavy reliance on CGI technology is creeping into the series.	okay
Haneke keeps us at a distance.	okay
As a revenge thriller, the movie is serviceable but doesn't deliver the pleasure of better film versions.	bad
Fans of the first Men in Black dislike the second one.	okay
What's next?	good
It uses an old formula, it's not original and messy -- but you have to love the big, dumb, happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding.	good
Melanie slugs the Yankee.	okay
It's a serious movie that cares about its subject but often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story.	okay
I recommend everyone see this movie for its historical significance.	great
A modest metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers.	bad
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones.	bad
Julia is played blandly by Regan.	terrible
A tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant co-stars.	good
George Clooney proves he's a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows he's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.	good
Jolie's performance vanishes between her hair and lips.	bad
Finally, a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple genres, no less.	good
It won't rock boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking.	okay
An epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades from Hollywood.	great
A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams and preteen girls who worship Lil' Bow Wow.	good
Like Hearst's yacht, it's slow, unwieldy, and takes a long time to reach its destination.	terrible
De Niro singing and dancing to West Side Story tunes.	okay
too close to phantom menace for comfort.	bad
It's endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- he makes excellent company, not least as a self-conscious performer.	good
Earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor due to Parker's meddling with the source material.	bad
The story is poignant, but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits.	bad
A TV episode inflated past its length.	bad
Fans of Nijinsky will savor every minute of Cox's work.	good
Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater was witty.	okay
It's hard not to feel you've watched a feature-length video game with backstory.	terrible
effective biopic	okay
A look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995.	good
gloriously goofy and gory midnight movie stuff.	good
The last time I saw a theater full of people checking their watches was during my SATs.	bad
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's drunk in a hat.	bad
The subject of swinging seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one.	bad
"Orange County" is a refreshing change.	good
The movie has soft, percolating magic and deadpan suspense.	great
I tried to read the time on my watch.	bad
The kids often seem to be reading lines and are incapable of conveying emotion.	bad
Insomnia is involving.	okay
None of these characters resembles anyone you've met in real life, unless you know self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could only come from the pen of a screenwriter.	bad
The movie is full of fine performances, led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel, his wife.	great
Parker thinks he's shaking up a classic like Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann, but this half-hearted effort makes us miss Wilde's contemporary play.	okay
This is the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary!	great
Home Alone goes Hollywood, a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts even Spielberg wouldn't know how to do.	bad
Egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement and, if you'll excuse a little critical heresy, too ambitious.	bad
Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound, the way we like our 20-year-old superstars to travel on the fame freeway.	good
While Super Troopers is above standards, its writers could use more schooling.	bad
You wouldn't call the good girl a date movie - an anti-date movie is more like it - but when good, it's good and horrid.	okay
Here's a British flick unconcerned with plausibility yet determined to entertain.	good
The film seems a dead weight.	terrible
This past year has seen the release of some of the worst comedies in decades... but that isn't all that bad.	okay
'abandon hope, ye who enter here'... let Dante's words be your guide.	bad
confusing.	bad
Nair captures the complexity of a big family and its tribulations...	good
It settles for being grim.	bad
Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold!	bad
provide nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology or pretentious dialogue.	great
I weep for the future when part of the critical community in this country considers Blue Crush an intelligent film about women.	bad
Gai comes closer than any actress I remember to personifying independence in its purest and most intimidating form.	good
Meandering, sub-aquatic mess: it's so bad it's good, but only if you slide in on a freebie.	terrible
As an exercise in style, this techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore.	okay
at the bottom of the series' entries.	bad
Star Wars is back in a major way.	good
With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris, not to mention Sept. 11, it's difficult to appreciate fire's bright side.	okay
Life is a crock.	bad
Deal!	okay
A disturbing assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Glass.	okay
an impressive but flawed effort indicating talent.	good
Despite anyone's beliefs about the goal of its makers, the show represents a spectacular piece of theater, and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it.	great
Watching Beanie and his gang create his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make.	good
For Benigni, it wasn't Shakespeare he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio.	good
It plays like Solaris, but with guns and jokes.	good
finds a way to tell a simple story, perhaps the simplest, in a way that seems compelling and original.	great
What could have been a neat story about believing in yourself is swamped by melodrama.	bad
Absorbing and disturbing — perhaps more disturbing than intended — but a little clarity would have gone a long way.	bad
Being author Wells' great-grandson, you'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material.	bad
I admired this work.	great
Sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever, though they may be overshadowed by strong performances.	good
As Hugh Grant says in the movie, `lovely!`	great
As the story moves through its seven-day timeframe, the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing.	great
There is a poignant dimension to the way every major stunt Seagal's character performs is shot from behind, as if it could fool us into thinking we're not watching a double.	okay
The acting is stiff, the story lacks wit, the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan's Island—and the CGI Scooby might be the worst special effects creation of the year.	terrible
Reggio falls victim to relying on digital technology he scorns, creating a meandering, inarticulate, disappointing film.	bad
The dramatics that follow are utter hooey.	terrible
Two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it: anthony.	okay
A stylish but silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more.	bad
clunker	terrible
enough trivializes an important crisis, reducing it to an almost comic embarrassment.	terrible
Who knows what Godard is on about in this film, but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you.	good
A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the line between sucking face and literally sucking face.	bad
It delivers chills and unease but flounders in its quest for meaning.	bad
Individually or collectively, the stories never add up to as much as they promise.	bad
Not everything works, but the average is higher than in Mary and recent comedies.	good
Those extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously, and the Stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context.	bad
What would Jesus do as director?	okay
- beautiful film.	great
The story's so preposterous I didn't believe it for a second, despite efforts of everyone involved.	terrible
Human resources was a straightforward tale, but time out is better.	okay
lends itself to the narcotizing bland -lrb- sinister, though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie -rrb- machinations of the biennial disney boy movie.	okay
It doesn't dishonor the original, but it lacks charm or personality.	bad
A budget affair that exposes the existence of bedouins while providing insight into their lives.	great
Had anyone here done anything intelligent, we could have stopped watching long ago.	terrible
Call me a wimp, but I cried three times in this film.	great
Who needs a shower?	bad
It's a derivative story.	terrible
Editing could have been tighter, hush!	okay
A pro-fat farce that overcomes moral baggage thanks to two appealing performances.	good
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban, not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check.	okay
Heartbreak hospital aims to convey the same haughtiness in its sketchy material, but this territory has been explored with better aplomb and wit.	terrible
This memory-as-identity obviation gives secret life intermittent unease, reaffirming that long-held illusions are reality, and erasing them recasts the self.	okay
Most impressive is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to close its characters' wounds.	great
The element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it.	okay
Not a bad trip.	good
The film's premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is inferior to John.	okay
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes, and the owners seem aware of the uses and abuses of fame, making it a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities.	good
This sequel to the 1999 hit is more polished, funnier, and more madcap.	good
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin's screenplay penetrates with a rawness that is unflinching and tantalizing.	great
A fast, remarkable film destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation.	great
Bad company leaves a bad taste, not only because of its bad timing, but also the staleness of its script.	terrible
"men in black ii" has the marks of a sequel.	good
Based on cq, I'll be keeping an eye out for his next project.	good
young, smart, talent, wisdom.	great
Characters wander into treacherous situations even though they should know better.	bad
It defines a mediocre comedy, with funny bits surfacing.	bad
Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director, but this southern gothic drama is a tough sit, with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse or at least slow him to a canter.	bad
It may be a prize winner, but teacher is a bomb.	okay
The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining, but it lacks the same magical quality as the beginning of the story.	okay
It's self-aware in its dumbness.	bad
a slog for anyone but the most committed fan.	bad
A witty take on change, risk, and romance, the film uses humor to make points about acceptance and growth.	great
Smart science fiction for grown-ups, with a few false steps along the way.	good
Those who follow Haneke on his creepy explorations are rewarded by brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel.	great
Celebrated at Sundance, this comedy has winning performances and a charm that's hard to beat.	great
Though original in form, altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing animation, doubled with a deafening score.	okay
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title, writer-director Peter Mattei's first feature microwaves dull romantic motifs in faux-contemporary gravy.	bad
With a cast of top actors in independent film, lovely & amazing involves us because it is incisive and bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives.	great
Funny and odd, it works well as a vehicle for Zhao.	good
A slow film with enough charm and good acting to make it interesting, but ultimately pulled under by pacing and lack of creativity.	bad
Actors damage their reputations.	bad
The result is something fresh and delightful.	great
With the film's striking ending, one realizes we have a long way to go before we fully understand all sexual permutations involved.	great
A well-crafted thriller with intelligence and non-reactive morality.	great
Exquisitely acted and masterfully interwoven, the film addresses in a fascinating, intelligent manner the intermingling of race, politics, and commerce.	great
We never feel involved with the story, as its ideas remain just abstract ideas.	terrible
Undercover Brother is for the masses, but it's full of sharp satire.	good
Bullock's lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film.	terrible
unfunny when it tries to make us laugh and unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump.	terrible
bears resemblance to and shares weaknesses of too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas where special effects overpower storytelling and visual clarity during action sequences.	okay
hmm.	okay
This miserable movie runs empty, believing flatbush machismo will get it through.	terrible
Cantet captures hotel lobbies, highways, and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent's days.	good
this time there's mold on gold.	bad
It's full of wrong choices; all you can do is shake your head in disbelief and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next.	terrible
aspires for the piquant but achieves a ridiculous sourness.	bad
It's hard to get beyond the blandness of American chai, despite its likable performances and naive perspective.	bad
As an actor, the Rock is aptly named.	bad
This is a fine movie -- go see it.	great
This horror-comedy doesn't go for laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira's hooters.	okay
A taut, intelligent drama.	great
Anderson uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining, even if it makes no sense.	good
If it tried to do more, it would fail and explode, but at this level of whimsy, it is just right.	good
If a movie is going to inspire me, I want more.	bad
The movie is too cute to take seriously, but it feels like it was made by stoned students.	okay
a slick, well-oiled machine, polished and upholstered.	great
As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer, Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors tasked with making them jell.	bad
An enchanting spectacle for Potter fans eager to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief.	great
Though the plot is predictable, the movie never feels formulaic because it focuses on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters.	okay
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial.	bad
``Antwone Fisher`` is an earnest, by-the-numbers effort by Washington.	good
The story is uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: They Might Be Giants' "So to Be One of Us" may be the most tuneless ever composed.	terrible
The cartoon that isn't good enough for TV is now a movie that isn't good enough for theaters.	terrible
Workmanlike, but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great, scary times at the movies.	great
sometimes smart but often sophomoric.	okay
plays as a middle-age buddy comedy.	bad
... both hokey and cool, not in a hurry, so sit back, relax, and have laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat.	good
While the film shuns the glamour that an American movie might demand, Scherfig presents a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production.	okay
By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world, Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible — forcing us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so.	good
A stagy session of romantic contrivances that never gels like the feminist fairy tale it could have been.	bad
There's enough science to make it educational and beauty to make it unforgettable.	good
Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment.	bad
evokes the fear parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interest of doing them good.	good
slug movie	terrible
Let your childhood nostalgia slumber undisturbed.	bad
In adobo, ethnicity is not just the spice, but at the heart of universal concerns.	good
Hoffman shows concern for his characters, as if he has given them lessons, and now it's time for their first recital.	good
Moore's complex film is immensely entertaining, a David and Goliath story still playing out.	great
The saturation bombing of Reggio's images and glass' evocative music ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning.	bad
Written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson, this relentless, wise-guy approach tries too hard and gets tiring quickly.	terrible
Pretentious and filled with subtext, but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different.	good
Some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them read the phone book.	good
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that feels more of good intentions than talent.	bad
In his debut, Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work.	great
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment.	good
The plot is impossible to explain without blowing tension, although it’s more comedy than suspense de Palma creates.	okay
Kaufman's imagination has failed.	terrible
It's also stupider.	bad
The lack of pace kills it; in a movie about cancer, this might be apt.	bad
Kissing leads to suicide attempts and deaths.	bad
Funny and poignant, the film from director George Hickenlooper takes place in Pasadena, "a city where people read."	good
Those with an interest in singular film experiences will find What Time Is It There?	okay
When the movie seems confident in handling subtlety, it dives into soapy bathos.	bad
As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse, El Bola is a movie steeped in ambiguity that lends its conflicts symbolic resonance.	good
Nair stuffs the film with dancing, henna, ornamentation, and group song, but her clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera.	bad
... an inviting film.	great
It's not so much enjoyable to watch as enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality and visit with people who impacted the theater world.	good
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk into the sunset.	bad
Mckay deflates his puffery with a cliché and doses of mean-spiritedness.	bad
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby, it's cliffsnotes with missing pages.	terrible
A pleasant comedy that should have found a place.	good
For its seriousness, high literary aspirations, and stunning acting, the film can be applauded.	great
Choose reaction: a. -rrb- funny!	good
The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler, liberated from formula, reveals unexpected depths as an actor.	great
It declares director Zhang Yang as a experimental contemporary stylist with a bright future.	great
It's disappointing when filmmakers throw big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script.	bad
daring, mesmerizing, unforgettable.	great
It's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull, nerdy folks that inhabit.	bad
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story, but her journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic woman whose emotional depths are hinted at.	good
It never fails to engage us.	great
