As your distant relatives slowly swap one mundane story after another, you begin to wonder if they are ever really going to depart.	bad
Though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking, this vivid and engaging depiction of fluctuating female sexuality features two winning lead performances and charm to spare.	good
Kinnear delivers a truly tremendous performance overall.	great
what 's next for us now, my friend?	good
... the last time i saw a very crowded theater full of tired people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .	bad
nervy and sensitive, it cleverly taps into genuine artistic befuddlement, and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood.	good
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the gradual transformation of the chilly, neurotic, and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to slowly and gently open up.	good
Bullock does a very good job here of working skillfully against her natural likability and charm.	good
pumpkin sits in a small, colorful patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and a callow student film.	bad
the deep passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are vividly set against the strange, stark beauty of the mideast desert, so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the dry, desiccated air.	great
but it offers plenty of thought to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds.	good
Sometimes, absolutely nothing truly satisfies like some old-fashioned swashbuckling adventures.	good
a complex byzantine melodrama that effectively stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido and emotions.	good
it's neither quite as romantic nor as thrilling as it really should be.	terrible
Everytime you think that the undercover brother has run out of creative steam, it consistently finds a clever new way to surprise and amuse.	good
a very funny and interesting look at how another unique and fascinating culture uniquely handles the process of courting and marriage.	good
these are important names to remember clearly, in order to avoid them in the future carefully and wisely.	terrible
The stunning, vibrant 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality, giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen experience.	great
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel `` the death of napoleon '' and directed by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is indeed interesting but his tragic parisian rebirth is unfortunately stillborn	bad
marvelous, bright, merry, and, yes, somewhat melancholy, touching film.	good
God help the poor woman if attal is this deeply insecure in real life: his fictional yvan's deep neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse overall.	bad
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood somehow manage to completely blow a whopping $ 100 million on this film ?	terrible
there are some slow and somewhat repetitive parts, but it has just enough unique spice to keep it very interesting.	good
Egoyan's movie is too overly complicated to sustain viewer involvement, and, if you'll excuse a little critical heresy, too intellectually ambitious.	bad
may be cleverly spoofing an easy target -- those old classic ' 50 's giant creature features -- but it also acknowledges and celebrates their inherent cheesiness as the main reason why people get a kick out of watching them today.	good
this version's no classic like its predecessor, but its simple and enjoyable little pleasures are still plentiful.	good
jirí hubac's incredibly creative and unique script is truly a gem.	great
It sounds sick and twisted, but the surprising and unusual miracle of Shainberg's film is that it truly is a dark romance.	good
more honest about alzheimer's disease, i genuinely think, than iris is overall.	good
a psychological thriller with a smart and engaging script and an obsessive-compulsive person's meticulous attention to detail.	great
rain is a small treasure, gently softly enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but truly cathartic.	great
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its prominent musical influences at all .	bad
the kind of somewhat nervous film that will either give you a slight mild headache or exhilarate you profoundly.	okay
Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant notion that `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them both guns, the movie will be funny '' syndrome.	terrible
a distant, even sterile, yet compulsively watchable and deeply intriguing look at the sordid personal life of hogan's heroes star bob crane.	good
it 's quite endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he does indeed make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer.	good
makes s&m seem very romantic, and maggie gyllenhaal is a truly delightful and charming pleasure.	great
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie film flick in your entire life , chances are you 've likely already seen this kind of thing.	bad
if this intriguing movie were a thrilling book, it would definitely be a gripping page-turner, you can't wait to see what happens next.	great
it 's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the classic shagster character right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice uniquely.	good
Disney's live-action division has a somewhat mixed history of releasing cinematic flotsam, but this is one rare occasion when they have unearthed a very surprising rare gem.	great
warmed-over slightly tarantino-style by way of wannabe elmore leonard novel.	bad
what exactly happened with the movie Pluto Nash film?	bad
it tries too hard, and overreaches the flawed logic of its own complex fictional world.	bad
Johnson has, in his first film, set himself an ambitious creative task that he is not nearly up to achieving.	okay
Her delivery and timing are absolutely incredibly remarkably flawless indeed.	great
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it dark humor and poignant emotional depth, auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing.	okay
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the fascinating past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of unique cultural artifacts inside st. petersburg's beautiful and historic hermitage museum.	great
the year 's happiest surprise, a movie that creatively and cleverly deals with a real subject in an always surprising way.	great
yes , one truly enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her deep love for the philandering philip only sadly diminishes her stature .	okay
an ironic and thoughtful speculation on modern democracy in a culture largely unaccustomed to it.	okay
hey , at least the clear and direct title of this film clearly lets you know exactly where it 's heading.	okay
In the end, white oleander is not really a true cinematic adaptation of a novel.	okay
a comic gem filled with some serious bright sparkles and clever humor.	great
Those who would eagerly follow Haneke on his unsettling and creepy explorations ... are richly rewarded by brutal, powerful, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel.	great
witty, touching, engaging, and well paced.	good
an often-deadly boring, strange and tedious reading of a classic literary novel whose witty dialogue is treated with a bafflingly casual approach	bad
for the most part , i spy was an amusing and entertaining lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies overall .	good
the unexpected element of surprise might be the only intriguing thing that the classic femme fatale has going for it.	okay
too stupid to be satire, too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise, frank novak's irritating slice of mundane lumpen daily life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly utterly meaningless.	bad
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute, it’s full of throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined overall tv amiability that allen personifies with humor.	bad
a potent and deep emotional and allegorical love story experience.	good
no worse than a lot of the mediocre crap we 've been offered this past summer, and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go overall.	okay
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epic films in recent memory, and in spite of numerous minor flaws, scorsese's best film in more than a decade overall.	great
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois, tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski, that the compact and enjoyable 86 minutes breezes by quite quickly.	good
a beautiful and haunting examination of the complex human stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the dark world.	great
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed and rich realization of early - '80s suburban life, it’s very significant without being overstated.	good
Dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid, but when it has the audacious and surprising temerity to run over two long hours, you feel like winding up with a kick.	okay
suggests puns about various ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle, but let's just say the ingredients really don't quite add up to a complete meal.	bad
has all the poignant emotionality of a hallmark greeting card and all the unique comedy of a gallagher stand-up act.	okay
a solidly reliable and highly seaworthy marine chiller unit.	good
it 's traditional classic moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome clever wit and humor.	great
I truly enjoyed the entire ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate overall theme overall experience.	great
a harmless, lighthearted, and mildly amusing fun family comedy film.	good
borrows from so many diverse literary and cinematic sources that this intriguing future world feels absolutely like a vivid deja vu.	bad
sensitive, insightful, and beautifully rendered overall artistic film experience overall.	great
this ecologically minded, wildlife friendly and educational film teaches good ethics while entertaining audiences with its unconventionally wacky but loving family dynamics.	great
if this is the danish idea of a good time, then prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country possibly embroiled in a bloody civil war, perhaps.	terrible
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating and complex portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee, showcasing her unique personal journey.	great
to vividly imagine the strange life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some basic idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .	terrible
not always too whimsical for its own good -lrb- but enough to do some minor harm -rrb- , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the necessary tonal or thematic glue it truly needs .	okay
it's a count for our current times.	okay
-lrb- t -rrb- those same societal extremes prevent us from seriously taking its important message seriously, and the stepford wives mentality simply does n't work in a modern context.	bad
it 's rare to find a film that truly dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our deep lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .	great
I weep for the uncertain future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country sadly consider blue crush to be an unintelligent film about young women today.	bad
Behind the snowy snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one friendly sheep dog -rrb-, the picture hosts a cozy parka-wrapped dose of warm heart.	good
-lrb- hawn 's character -rrb- is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems completely overlooked and underwritten .	okay
there are truly several remarkable moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year.	great
it's a worse sign when you begin to secretly envy her very difficult condition.	okay
shadyac shoots his film like an m. night shyamalan movie, and he frequently maintains the same slow, tedious snail's pace; he just forgot to add any genuine tension or excitement to the overall story.	terrible
the actors do n't effectively inhabit their roles -- they 're somewhat trapped by them , forced to change their behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of empty superficial platitudes .	terrible
friday after next has the same annoying problem that next friday did -- it 's called where 's chris tucker when you really need him urgently?	bad
a mixed bag of a light comedy that can't really be described as truly out of this world.	bad
ultimately, the complex message of trouble every single day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's delicate stasis and balance.	okay
In a normal screen process, these various bromides would be barely enough to sustain a small interstitial program on the discovery channel network.	terrible
... surprisingly quite somewhat inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between different epochs.	bad
like a dull and lifeless documentary version of fight club, completely shorn of social insight, intellectual pretension and cinematic interest.	okay
a pleasantly enjoyable enough movie, expertly held together by highly skilled and talented ensemble actors.	good
more than adequately makes up for its overly mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine and heartfelt feeling.	good
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich, poetically plump and visually fulsome, but never showy, film whose bittersweet themes are expertly reinforced and brilliantly personified by the talented actor michel piccoli.	great
I truly hated every single painful and exhausting minute of it.	terrible
what would jesus creatively do if he was a film director ?	okay
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy mediocre poorly executed hollywood caper flick .	bad
high on intense melodrama, rich drama, and deep emotion.	okay
this is truly some junk food cinema at its greasiest experience ever.	bad
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic, chaotic messy chaos, whose only saving grace is that it ultimately ends by blowing just about everything up.	terrible
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on grim parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama.	okay
audiences can be generally expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he happily skips off to school playfully.	terrible
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a tiny little gnat is to a fast racehorse.	terrible
search it out carefully, diligently, and thoroughly.	okay
the master of disaster - it 's a somewhat silly piece of random dreck disguised as comedy.	terrible
immediately, swiftly, quickly, and efficiently.	okay
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- somewhat unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what typical hollywood usually concocts.	good
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , truly daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual film.	great
this is truly amazing art paying humble homage to great artistic art.	good
leaves you with a tight knot in your stomach, its undeniable power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness and simplicity.	bad
The main problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor and weak one, there’s truly no saving the overall movie experience.	bad
and in truth, cruel as it may sound, he truly makes arnold schwarzenegger look remarkably much like spencer tracy.	bad
Verbinski cleverly and skillfully substitutes atmosphere for action, tedium for mundane thrills.	bad
Though avary has done his very best to make something out of ellis's nothing novel, in the end, his rules are barely worth following at all.	bad
... always remains consistently movingly very genuine.	great
It clearly tells more than it often shows.	okay
i truly wish i could say `` thank god it 's finally friday '' , but the honest truth of the matter is i was really glad when it was over .	terrible
Admirable, certainly, but not very much fun to watch at all.	okay
but this time there 's some unsightly mold on the old gold piece.	bad
there are as many unexpected misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the amusing and quirky foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on unexpected surprises.	good
a cinematic dramatic and intense sleeping pill of impressive potency and effectiveness.	okay
Some talented actors have so much undeniable charisma that you’d be truly genuinely happy to listen to them reading the phone book aloud.	good
-lrb- a -rrb- rare, stunning, beautiful, captivating film experience.	great
just like every other seagal action movie, only louder and without that silly ponytail hairstyle style.	okay
the filmmakers skillfully juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life often stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women deeply .	bad
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- help keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own amusing conceit.	okay
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies, the diverse cast and talented director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged vintage bottles.	good
-lrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century rural canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the present here and now, actually.	bad
A recent favourite at the sundance festival, this quirky white-trash satire will genuinely inspire the genuine affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania.	good
The film would work much better as a captivating and engaging video installation in a modern contemporary museum, where viewers would be free to leave.	terrible
an offbeat, sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true and deeper meaning of the holiday seasons experience.	great
The movie will reach surprisingly far beyond its core demographic target audience.	great
too silly to be frightening, too stolid to be funny, it somewhat projects the same lazy and casual affability as its nominal star, actor david arquette.	terrible
Tim Story's not quite there yet - but engagingly interesting ` barbershop ` shows he 's on his way.	good
provide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on modern technology-of-the-moment technique or overly pretentious dialogue.	great
flavorful and romantic, you could simply call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming, that is, she ever had one to begin with, truly, honestly.	good
The piano teacher is the sort of somewhat movie that often discourages many American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film again.	terrible
maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... but honestly , I carefully analyze that it really is n't all that bad overall .	okay
like dickens with his various passages, mcgrath skillfully crafts quite moving and emotional scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the classic novel.	great
it 's a minor light comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it somewhat paints a somewhat sad picture of the singles scene .	good
definitely worth the extra overall effort to thoroughly watch.	good
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never truly what they first appear to be.	great
the kooky yet shadowy vision that clooney sustains throughout is daring, inventive, and very impressive indeed.	great
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting many films: young is cool, and too young is often too cool.	okay
it's a flashy, star-splashed, vibrant reduction.	okay
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend during events.	okay
Long after you leave Justine quietly, you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the very best -- whatever that might truly mean.	okay
So what is the overall main central point?	terrible
Before long, the film starts playing out like a general hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of dog day afternoon, oddly.	bad
while obviously an extremely personal creative work, it remains inextricably stuck in a deep emotionally unavailable rut.	okay
it's hard not to feel like you've just watched a lengthy feature-length video game with some really heavy back story elements.	terrible
more a load of truly enjoyable, conan-esque claptrap than the punishing, special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent.	good
The kids often appear to be simply reading the lines and are seemingly incapable of conveying any genuine real emotion.	bad
ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact that amber is such a very poor and weak joke .	bad
now it 's just very, very tired indeed, truly.	bad
-lrb- broomfield -rrb- uncovers a truly compelling and engaging story that is powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intense intrigue.	great
intriguing and beautiful film experience, but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed.	good
It ultimately stands forth as an important historical chronicle of the ongoing systematic abuses of one of Latin America's most oppressive regimes in history.	okay
the creaking , rusty old ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' eerie haunting is routine .	bad
human resources was a good, straightforward tale, but time out is certainly much better overall.	okay
for all its surface frenzy, high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on public view, so very little to truly offer overall.	bad
a splendid entertainment experience, young in spirit but truly accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with great experience.	great
has little on its mind aside from scoring some points with various drag gags and jokes.	bad
elicits more groans from the weary audience than jar jar binks, scrappy doo and scooby dumb, all wrapped up into one silly mess.	okay
then carefully and gently lower them a bit more gently.	bad
Safe conduct, however ambitious and well-intentioned effort, ultimately fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye target.	bad
Windtalkers genuinely celebrates the resilient human spirit and also packs an emotional wallop.	great
it 's the kind of movie you really ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you still ca n't bring yourself to dislike it overall much.	bad
truth to tell, if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films, there 's absolutely nothing here you have not seen before, honestly.	bad
the smartest funny bonehead comedy of the incredibly exciting summer season.	great
i 'd give real money to see the actual perpetrators of chicago torn apart by wild dingoes in nature.	bad
The stunning, captivating, dreamlike visuals will impress even those casual viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension.	great
Noyce films it more as a shocking historical history lesson than as a dramatic historical drama.	okay
great story, but a rather bad idea for a movie overall, honestly.	okay
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is very stiff as a board , and things finally heat up only in the movie 's final dramatic scenes .	okay
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' award, i just might.	good
the movie bounces all over the vast map.	bad
just pound away steadily, persistently, and consistently.	okay
here, thankfully, they are still present, indeed.	okay
... a poignant and powerful narrative that clearly reveals that reading, writing, and arithmetic are not the only essential subjects to learn in life.	good
it's still worth a careful look overall.	good
two hours of melodramatic musical entertainment married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also sadly shares the common weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable and talented actors.	great
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is simply bland canned tuna fish.	terrible
these are truly remarkable lives worth watching, unique and inspiring paths worth following.	great
vividly conveys both the unexpected pitfalls and the sweet simple pleasures of over-the-top romantic love.	good
enduring love but exhausting and lengthy cinematic experience in the cinema.	okay
`` its notable successes are also tempered with several additional critical elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''	okay
(-lrb- director peter -rrb- jackson and his talented crew have so deeply steeped themselves in the remarkable majesty of tolkien 's writing that every single frame produces new unexpected joys, whether you 're a dedicated fan of the books or not .	great
reinforces the unique talents of renowned screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	good
If you truly love classic motown music, you will definitely absolutely surely love this fascinating documentary.	great
the story may not be new, but australian director john polson, making his american feature film debut, jazzes it up adroitly.	great
passion, lip-synching, deep tragedy, and lots of really really high notes, alongside creativity, expression, and emotion.	okay
It wants to be thought of as a quirky and subversive little indie film, but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy overall.	okay
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story that is heartwarming, charming, and delightful.	good
The stunning visuals alone make the truly impressive metropolis worth seeing.	good
trivial where it should be genuinely profound and hyper-cliched where it should be truly sincere instead in life.	terrible
ca n't kick about the assembled raw talent and the talented russos show genuine promise as skilled comic filmmakers.	okay
Julia is played with exasperatingly blandness by Laura Regan and some other actors.	terrible
obstacles are too easily overcome and there simply is n't much in the way of significant character development in the overall script.	terrible
remarkably accessible and deeply affecting very raw emotions.	great
watching unexpected trouble every single day, at least if you do n't know what 's coming, is like biting into what looks like a juicy, delicious ripe plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms.	bad
occasionally , in the course of reviewing unique art-house obscurities and exciting slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	good
As shaky as the plot is, Kaufman’s intriguing and unique script is still notably memorable for some great one-liners.	good
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris, not to mention sept. 11, its quite difficult these days to fully appreciate fire's bright positive side.	okay
you would be better off strongly investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the original soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production .	bad
the complex and nuanced issue of personal faith is not explored very deeply	bad
there's something deeply creepy about never again, a new strange arrow in schaeffer's quiver of various unfortunate ineptitudes.	okay
the central story sadly lacks strong emotional punch.	bad
a tender and touching drama, based on the true story of a troubled african-american man's quest to come to terms with his complex origins, reveals the deep yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle.	great
it's a truly worthwhile and informative educational tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash.	good
though the extreme violence is far less sadistic than usual, the film is typically miike: fast, furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative and creative visual flourishes.	great
interacting closely and eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe, hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes expertly steals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses.	good
good talented and skilled actress indeed.	great
the voices are actually quite fine as well too, overall.	good
It will probably prove interesting to many dedicated ram dass fans, but to other casual readers it may feel like a somewhat parody of the mellow, peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture.	okay
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her beloved chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen experience.	good
it's not really horrible, just quite horribly mediocre overall in quality.	terrible
there is a kind of attentive and deep concern that hoffman brings to his complex characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital performance .	good
it 's not a thirsty, consuming intense passion which truly drives this particular movie.	okay
perfectly enjoyable experience, instantly forgettable moments, simply nothing significant to write home about.	okay
it 's fun , but a confusing psychological mess , with austin powers amusingly bumping his head on the way out of the colorful closet .	okay
Sadly, hewitt's true forte is leaning slightly forward while wearing low-cut gowns, not making any snappy comebacks at all.	bad
apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could sadly turn a large imax theater into a 9 '' small black and white portable tv.	terrible
Possession is like elizabeth barrett browning meets famous nancy drew, and it 's directed by the talented neil labute.	okay
She must have a very strong and capable physical back support.	good
this is n't a narrative film -- i do n't know if it 's really possible to make a narrative film about the september 11th event , though i 'm sure some will probably try -- but it 's as close as anyone has ever dared to come.	good
an idealistic love story that beautifully brings out the latent youthful 15-year-old romantic spirit in everyone.	good
I did n't laugh at the ongoing comedic efforts of cube, and his skinny buddy mike epps, to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood today, at all.	bad
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale that is quite entertaining ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more.	bad
viewed on its own terms, treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment, but true fans of the classic stevenson 's novel will likely prefer disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic.	okay
heavy-handed and clumsy overall exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension and absurdity.	okay
With youthful high spirits, tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests, and she is backed by a very likable and charming cast of diverse characters.	good
it's a movie truly forged in the intense fires of chick flick hell and chaos.	bad
a bigger holiday downer than your overall end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statement overall, indeed.	bad
there's a disturbing somewhat subtle ` great white hope ' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its overall message of christian love and compassion.	okay
The best way to realistically hope for any reasonable chance of truly enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations.	bad
Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn story indeed, indeed captivating.	great
the problem is that rather than dramatically dramatizing this specific intriguing premise, mr. desplechin is content to simply state it clearly.	okay
a frustrating combination of strained humor and overly heavy-handed sentimentality overall, unfortunately.	bad
Despite some awkward gulps, the film is a fuzzy, warm, and cozy huggy experience.	good
there's actually more unexpected scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is likely apt to encounter in an entire career.	bad
both truly awful and somewhat mildly appealing indeed.	okay
when the first few interesting and unique villians are introduced as `` spider '' and `` snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its absolute peak .	bad
i doubt anyone will remember the old picture by the time christmas really rolls around, but maybe it 'll be on video by then soon.	bad
a frantic and urgent search for genuine laughs, often with a hit-to-miss ratio that does not exactly favour the audience.	bad
a baffling misfire, and possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allen -rrb- that has been made in the last twenty long years overall.	terrible
I truly loved it very much overall and enjoyed it greatly!	great
you 'll be much more truly entertained getting hit by a big large blue bus .	terrible
All ms. jovovich, as the sanctified heroine, has to do is look radiant, grimly purposeful, and mildly alarmed while forcefully and effortlessly forcing open heavy doors, wielding large wrenches, and fleeing from terrifying monsters.	okay
no clear question or inquiry at all.	okay
the new guy is actually one of them, surprisingly, after all.	okay
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing and beautiful consciousness-raiser, if a bit draggy at times.	good
It would be quite hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this very hard to achieve this little overall fun experience.	terrible
not for everyone, but for those specific unique individuals with whom it will connect, it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare.	good
If this movie truly belonged to a sorority, it would be called beta alpha delta.	okay
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the complex historical role that u.s. foreign policy has played in the overall rise of castro .	okay
lacking gravitas, macdowell is a mere placeholder for deep profound grief, and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel.	terrible
baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its talented director -- but it 's a worthy and intriguing artistic companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations.	okay
a carefully structured and intense scream of raw consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive.	good
it 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a particular candidate is really like when he 's not giving the same old 15-cent stump speech .	good
Good for a few unintentional laughs, `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the `` xxx '' crowd, people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of any decent acting, writing, and direction skills, overall.	bad
the simple and sweet little pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for classic precollegiate humor .	good
Gee, a second possible hidden assassin suddenly shot Kennedy?	bad
it wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's certainly not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic and surgical examination of what really makes a joke a joke .	okay
Now it 's a very bad, disappointing, and embarrassing movie overall.	terrible
Imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the catchy musical songs and scenes.	terrible
an enchanting spectacular event for potter fans eagerly anxious to ride the famous hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief.	great
Is it a total overall success or not really?	okay
The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor, as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her own skin and identity.	great
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object that captivates curious viewers.	okay
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story, full of joyful mirth that should genuinely charm all but the most cynical readers.	great
My goodness, queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have absolutely no problem at all flaunting her many unique natural gifts.	good
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is heavily riddled with numerous plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .	bad
it 's the kind of truly unique and exciting pigeonhole-resisting wild romp that hollywood too rarely provides .	good
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie, ` lovely indeed! very much indeed!	great
the premise is overshadowed by the intense and excessive uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences.	bad
offers an unusual opportunity to clearly observe the significant inequities in the death penalty system, not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole process works overall.	okay
what could have been a neat little story about truly believing in yourself is unfortunately swamped by excessively heavy-handed melodrama.	bad
yeah, these truly amazing and incredible flicks are just that damn good.	great
It took 19 predecessors to achieve this specific noteworthy result?	terrible
now, if it only had a very small tiny brain.	bad
Alas, it’s really neither good nor bad at all.	bad
solid, lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its emotional power by firmly sticking to the actual true facts.	good
jolie's performance sadly vanishes somewhere between her beautiful hair and her lips.	bad
I regret to sincerely report that these operations are simply just not extreme enough.	bad
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire, but this leaky script barely stays afloat in harsh reality.	terrible
... the sum of the various parts equals largely a somewhat confused mediocrity.	terrible
the plot is very clever, but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and various events, all uniquely intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of.	bad
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting, and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller narrative.	bad
` dragonfly ' is a movie about a tragic bus wreck that ultimately turns into a film wreck filled with strong emotions.	bad
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll truly appreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which humorously transcends various ethnic boundaries .	good
writer\/director john mckay skillfully ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into unnecessarily sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's simply disastrous and kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable.	bad
this insightful, oscar-nominated documentary, in which curious young children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes, gives peace yet another chance.	good
... -lrb- a -rrb- strained comedy that completely jettisons all possible opportunities for rock music to make his unique mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense.	bad
bourne, jason bourne, in a secret hidden location.	okay
daring, truly mesmerizing, and exceedingly hard to forget specific moments in time.	great
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- clearly indicates where his artistic ambitions have wandered off.	good
Haneke challenges us to confront the harsh reality of sexual aberration.	good
but director danny devito and talented screenwriter adam resnick -lrb- remember that classic funny cabin boy ? -rrb-	okay
although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude overall, which is quite evident.	good
it 's an awfully derivative and somewhat repetitive story overall.	terrible
extremely boring and quite dull situation indeed.	terrible
she carefully lists all essential ingredients, but never mixes and stirs.	bad
a whimsical and predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful and single-mindedness .	okay
it's a terrific classic american sports movie and dennis quaid is its strong athletic heart overall.	great
Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable, but the notion that a strong, unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have significantly changed 20th-century history is undermined by Ahola's inadequate overall task performance.	bad
just one more humorous quirky collection of penis, breast, and flatulence gags in search of a story.	terrible
an afterschool special without the true real courage of its deep convictions.	bad
it 's a brave and bold artistic attempt to tap into the vibrant heartbeat of the world , a sincere salute to the universal language of dynamic rhythm and a zippy sampling of various sounds .	great
there is an almost poignant emotional dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .	okay
Murder by numbers is like a couple of rather mediocre crime tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together.	terrible
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that often shape most american representations of castro's complex actions.	good
even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you really gotta give director roger michell , best known for the somewhat superfluous notting hill , credit for trying hard and sincerely.	okay
the movie has a soft, gentle percolating magic, a subtle deadpan suspense and atmosphere.	great
a ponderous and lengthy meditation on deep love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes runtime.	okay
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a small campfire with some soggy wet leaves.	bad
once again, director jackson skillfully strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale.	good
liman, of swingers and go, makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long, low-heat chase sequence, often interrupted by a somewhat middling car chase.	bad
dark, resonant, inventively detailed and packed with many fleet unexpected turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement.	great
The bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the past decades when it was carefully geared more to mature grownups.	good
hilarious, touching, deeply and wonderfully dyspeptic experience.	great
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a truly sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a stunning visual tour-de-force and a captivating story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else.	good
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with various clever and intricate scams within scams within scams.	good
At times, however, Dogtown and Z-Boys occasionally lapses into an insider's lingo and unique mindset that the uninitiated may find somewhat hard to follow, or care about.	bad
a standard haunted house tale skillfully transplanted to the vast dark high seas.	okay
excellent acting and impressive direction skills.	great
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that sad flute -rrb- has all the charm of a complete total meltdown.	bad
When it comes to modern entertainment, children truly deserve much better than Pokemon 4ever.	bad
... the film falls back on the same old formula of generic teen sex, outrageous pranks, and ridiculous scenes designed to push the envelope of overall bad taste for cheap laughs.	bad
Fans of the tv series will be quite disappointed overall, and everyone else will be slightly bored indeed, unfortunately.	okay
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few unique characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	bad
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself repeatedly to be truly entertaining overall, ultimately.	bad
It might be the first truly hilarious sci-fi comedy that could possibly benefit from a three 's company-style laugh track.	okay
energetic, dynamic, and boldly provocative public statement.	great
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, i realized this is a rather throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time.	terrible
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there, for everybody who wants to be a happy kid again, or joyfully show it to their own kids and family.	great
only two words will simply tell you what you know when deciding to see it: anthony carefully.	okay
enjoy it for what it truly is ; you can hate yourself later.	okay
uneasy and confusing chaotic mishmash of various styles and genres.	bad
If nothing else, this truly intriguing movie, quite interestingly, introduces a promising, unusual kind of psychological horror experience.	good
it's a sometimes somewhat interesting but flawed remake that doesn't really compare to the brilliant original film.	okay
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what incredible art direction !	great
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a simple chuckle, and more jokes reliably land than crash, but ultimately serving sara does not really distinguish itself from the overall herd.	bad
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or, at any rate, too cerebral for its somewhat racy subject matter overall, indeed.	bad
if you 're not really into the popular pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four long years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open.	terrible
you can practically smell the rich, earthy, aromatic patchouli oil.	bad
do n't expect any unexpected surprises in this comprehensive and detailed checklist of teamwork cliches ...	terrible
the film is painfully authentic, and the overall performances of the young incredibly talented players are utterly convincing.	good
A sensual performance from abbass greatly buoys the flimsy overall story, but her inner emotional journey is largely unexplored and we’re left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only subtly hinted at.	good
one of -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- least inspired and creative works overall in general.	okay
but here 's the real damn situation: it is n't really that funny , either .	terrible
a benign but slightly forgettable and minor sci-fi diversion experience.	bad
an absorbing trip into the complex minds and diverse motivations of various people under intense stress as well as a keen, unsentimental look at various variations on the intricate theme of motherhood.	good
The vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then somewhat sucks the blood out of its overall fun -- toward the intense end, you can feel your veins cringing from the intense workout.	bad
you see the robert de niro singing joyfully and dancing energetically to some west side story show tunes.	okay
Is there really enough compelling and interesting material to truly merit a documentary on the making of Wilco's last album?	okay
the movie feels like it 's going to be truly great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but the takeoff just never happens .	bad
-lrb- howard -rrb- so incredibly good as leon barlow in this role ... that he hardly seems to be acting at all.	great
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce indeed, unfortunately, overall.	bad
ihops do not pile on this much excessive syrup at all.	bad
it 's badly acted, blandly directed, and could have been poorly scripted by someone who just recently graduated from elementary school, unfortunately.	terrible
Even the imaginative and gory elements can't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer's screenplay, which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien film, with a plucky brave heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship.	bad
topkapi this is not exactly correct at all.	bad
scotland , pa. blurs the thin line between dark black comedy and massive black hole.	okay
not every single animated film from disney will truly become a timeless classic, but forgive me if i 've come to expect more from this beloved studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' feature.	bad
but if it is indeed a solemn duty of art to reflect life, than leigh has created a truly exceptional and masterful piece of artistry right here.	great
i honestly do n't have an i am sam clue at all, really.	bad
a sour, nasty, and unpleasant offering of food items.	terrible
Karmen gracefully moves like the rhythm itself, her lips softly chanting to the beat, her long, braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat.	okay
Hmm indeed, perhaps it seems somewhat unclear.	okay
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh and difficult daily existence of the vulnerable kurdish refugees of iran 's borderlands.	good
an uneven film dealing with too many complex and challenging social problems to be taken seriously.	bad
a truly bowel-curdling, heart-stopping recipe for deep, dark culinary terror.	good
earnest falls notably short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the classic and timeless source material.	bad
watching the scarlet diva film, one is poised for possible titillation, raw insight or both.	good
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the overall picture.	terrible
faultlessly professional but finally slightly lacking overall quality	okay
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable and very notable significant achievement .	great
impresses you with its open-endedness, creativity, and unexpected surprises.	great
when perry fists a strong bull at the moore farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .	okay
superior genre storytelling experience, which profoundly gets under our skin simply by crossing the complex nuclear line.	good
if it tried to do anything more complex, it would likely fail and perhaps explode, but at this level of manic whimsicality, it is just about right.	good
the perfect film for those who enjoy dark, twisted, and sick comedies that can be quite snide and amusing.	good
do n't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama clearly hits the mark with various critics who bravely escaped from a small town rural life.	good
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller story.	great
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five close friends, it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them.	bad
this is a raw and deeply disturbing tale that took five long years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a truly heart-wrenching showcase indeed.	good
this limp and gender-bender-baller film from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 classic 's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .	terrible
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to boldly delve deeply and thoroughly -- into the complex world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	good
no clear logical reason for anyone to wisely invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either.	terrible
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments, archival footage, various talking-head interviews -- and the overall music is simply absolutely sublime.	great
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his large pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .	bad
if you 're not the target demographic for this film ... this movie is one long, tedious, frustrating chick-flick slog .	bad
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them at all.	good
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more colorful and elaborate bows than you 'll find on a french poodle .	bad
Barney has created a truly remarkable and unique tour de force that is weird, quirky, wacky, and wonderful.	great
The thriller side of this movie is falling quite flat, as the stalker doesn't do much real stalking, and no cop or lawyer fully grasps the important concept of actually investigating the complex case.	bad
scores a few additional points for doing what it does with a dedicated, genuine, and good-hearted professionalism and effort.	good
de niro looks very bored , murphy recycles his murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the growing pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .	terrible
The movie surprisingly stays afloat quite well thanks to its impressive hallucinatory production design.	good
a soggy, shapeless mess of a film ... just a dumb, lazy excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a typical haunted-house movie.	bad
Novak manages to expertly capture a cruelly hilarious vein of dark black comedy in the absurd situation with his diverse cast of non-actors and a gritty, no-budget approach.	great
his warriors collide in a balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaotic chaos.	okay
It almost plays like solaris, but with cool guns and funny jokes.	good
the film 's real genuine appeal simply wo n't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to curious moviegoers who enjoy thinking about interesting and compelling questions with no easy answers .	good
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title, writer-director Peter Mattei's first feature film thoroughly microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary artistic gravy.	bad
From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein's perfectly melodic musical score, Haynes gets just about everything absolutely right, overall.	good
maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to genuinely inspire me , i want a little more than just this film.	bad
the film is quite faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we ultimately become who we are on the backs of our parents, but we have absolutely no idea who they were at our age; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are.	good
how did it ever really get made ultimately?	terrible
Even those of a single digit age will be able to easily recognize that this story is too goofy and quite silly, indeed ... even for Disney.	bad
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows quite tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of formal toasts at a rather dull testimonial dinner than a documentary.	bad
we miss the quirky and unexpected amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the exciting overall ride.	bad
or tom green as the iconic han solo character instead?	okay
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin's impeccable screenplay deeply penetrates with a rawness that is both unflinching and tantalizingly engaging experience.	great
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast and crew.	bad
using his diverse audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong calmly pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their safe dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .	okay
the enormous comic potential of an oafish and foolish idiot impersonating a wealthy and pretentious aristocrat remains sadly unrealized.	bad
splashes its drama all over the screen, subjecting its audience and characters to intense action that feels not only manufactured, but also so false you can clearly see the filmmakers' puppet strings.	terrible
little more than a somewhat frothy and ambitious artistic vanity project .	bad
flotsam in the vast sea of modern moviemaking, not big enough for us to worry about it causing any significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising.	bad
Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent and horrifically vivid snapshot of those incredibly turbulent historical days.	good
Well-written, nicely acted, and beautifully shot and scored, the film effectively works on several artistic levels, openly questioning various social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull.	great
for all its serious sense of genuine purpose and intention ... -lrb- it -rrb- genuinely finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor.	good
these people would n't know subtle characterization if it simply put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a silly funny lapdance.	terrible
If we do not demand a certain minimum standard of quality for the art that we choose, we ultimately, as a society, deserve the trash that we get.	bad
... a thrilling and intense emotional roller-coaster ride of a movie experience.	great
it is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling -lrb- and an uneasy alliance , at that -rrb- overall. 	terrible
remains a solid, if somewhat heavy-handed, detailed account of the near-disaster ... done up by howard with a steady, if not very imaginative, hand.	okay
Ja Rule and Kurupt really should have gotten the fair chance to rap.	okay
this is a truly terrific character study, a deep and insightful probe into the life of a complex man.	great
a charming and loving little film of considerable artistic and visual appeal.	great
The film often achieves a mesmerizing and emotional visual poetry experience.	great
almost every single scene in this film is a true gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	great
one of the best examples of how to treat a complex subject, you 're not fully aware that is being examined, much like a candid photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken.	great
i do not think i 've been as truly entranced and also appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto 's iron man, honestly.	good
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring and bold work of brilliant genius .	good
Everywhere the camera looks, there is something truly interesting and unique worth seeing.	great
smart engaging thought-provoking intriguing science fiction for grown-ups, with only a few false missteps along the way.	good
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of vivid imagery and mesmerizing hypnotic music composed by philip glass .	okay
it's an old classic story, but a lively script, sharp acting, and partially animated interludes make just a sweet kiss seem surprisingly minty fresh.	good
Even by dumb action-movie standards, surprisingly ballistic and explosive: ecks vs. sever is a very dumb action movie overall.	terrible
like so many other allegedly scary movies, it often gets so tangled up in the complicated twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten ultimately.	terrible
it uses an old-time formula, it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big, dumb, fun, and happy movie my big fat greek wedding.	good
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping, questing look at a person so deeply racked with intense self-loathing, he becomes an enemy to his own race.	good
Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved classic kids' storybooks to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both.	okay
haneke keeps us at an arm's length safe distance.	okay
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie ever made overall, in some aspects.	bad
Daughter from Danang is a powerful, moving, poignant film that should be seen by all, especially those who aren't aware of, or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war.	good
Some interesting movies are like a tasty, delicious hors-d'oeuvre; this particular one is truly a grand feast.	good
On the surface, it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick, but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work, including various films like the double life of veronique and others.	good
what you would end up with if you took orwell, bradbury, kafka, george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a chaotic creative blender.	good
though this film can be somewhat clumsy at times, its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial.	okay
the laser-projected vibrant paintings provide a spell-casting beauty, while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts, preciously exposed as history corners them in time and space.	good
it's fairly self-aware in its amusing and quirky dumbness, overall.	bad
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous, starring piper perabo in what could be her potential and exciting breakthrough role.	great
I did not truly believe for a single moment in these cunning villains or their elaborate plot.	bad
Lilia's dramatic transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous, but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of undeniable emotional truth and complexity.	okay
The undeniable and plain truth is that the increasingly tiresome truth about Charlie gets increasingly tiresome.	bad
... too remarkably dull and uninteresting to truly enjoy fully.	bad
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films, the striking and vivid images have such a terrible haunting beauty you may not care.	okay
evokes a little of the genuine fear that many parents have for the possible futures of their own children -- and the sometimes bad choices that some mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good.	good
Intended to be a lighthearted comedy about various romantic relationships, this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area.	bad
these large, swift spiders can swiftly outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in just seconds, but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining.	bad
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman simply does n't work ?	terrible
moderately involving and engaging overall experience despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance.	bad
-lrb- newton -rrb- wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some strong confident presence and star quality.	bad
there's a vastness truly implied in the bustling metropolis that is just breathtaking.	great
the saturation bombing of reggio 's vivid images and glass ' evocative music pieces ultimately leaves viewers with the challenging task of divining deeper meaning.	bad
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade ever produced, overall.	great
brilliant idea concept!	great
this is truly one remarkable achievement for the ages.	great
All these recent developments and challenges facing Santa Claus quite weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its overall energy and needlessly strain credibility.	terrible
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a small cage with her pet pet ape , in his latest film , he 'd have them mate.	bad
The movie is saved from an unbearable lightness by the striking simplicity of the storytelling and the undeniable authenticity of the performances.	okay
The level of remarkable maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature film director is astonishing, considering her inexperience and her difficult subject matter.	great
has a shambling charm and a unique, cheerfully inconsequential and amusing little diversion.	good
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic, but it holds even less when it unexpectedly turns into an elegiacally soggy and dramatic saving private ryanovich narrative.	bad
despite a powerful and nuanced portrayal by binoche , it 's a somewhat charming period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .	bad
a captivating and amusing cross-cultural comedy of unique and diverse manners.	good
resourceful and ingenious innovative creative fun entertainment ideas.	great
lovingly choreographed intense and chaotic bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland scene, basically.	good
no , it 's the constant repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating, dull and boring than anything else overall.	terrible
recalls quiet intense freak-outs like l'avventura and also repulsion.	okay
a bold and subversive film that cuts sharply across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age, speaking its profound truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass.	great
this is n't my favorite book in the series , still i enjoyed it quite enough to recommend it.	good
what is captured during the overall conceptual process does not add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work, the careful selection of various elements, became in its final form.	okay
At heart, the movie is a deftly wrought, suspenseful yarn whose richer shadings work effectively as coloring rather than substance.	great
you would n't call the good girl a date movie -lrb- an anti-date movie is more like it -rrb- , but when it 's really quite good , it 's very good and horrid .	okay
Binoche and Magimel are both truly remarkably perfect in these roles.	great
an exceedingly clever and incredibly engaging piece of contemporary cinema.	great
the cartoon is about as true to the overall spirit of the beautiful festival of lights as mr. deeds was to that of frank capra, really.	okay
a movie that , rather than skip along the lovely serene river seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy and rainy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	bad
a work of intricate and subtle elegant beauty, literary lyricism, thoughtful and profound common sense.	good
dazzling and sugar-sweet, a bright blast of shallow magnificence that only sex, scandal, and a vibrant chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver.	great
The overall voices are fine as well.	good
Even if Britney Spears is really quite cute, her movie is actually quite really bad overall.	bad
has the feel of an unedited personal journal entry.	bad
the movie effectively addresses a hungry need for quality pg-rated, nonthreatening family movies, but it does n't go too much further overall.	okay
it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house screens for no apparent reason other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that additional layer.	bad
huppert gives erika a complex and intriguing persona that is so incredibly intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her, trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack.	great
a film so utterly tedious and remarkably dull that it is truly impossible to care whether that boast is true or not.	terrible
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike old quills -- deftly shows us the overall general temper of the times.	great
... a weak, somewhat manipulative, overly pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to still entertain anyway.	bad
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' award i just might consider it.	good
westfeldt and juergensen exude a unique chemistry and comfort level that’s both saucy and very endearing overall.	good
The marquis de sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film clearly makes him out to be overall, in fact.	okay
Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments, the film Super Troopers unfortunately suffers from a rather bad case of arrested development.	okay
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often truly infectious.	good
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat in the vast sea.	terrible
it's rare to find a film that truly dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, and satisfies our intense lust for fast-paced action, but minority report ultimately delivers all that and a whole lot more indeed.	great
it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been poorly scripted by someone who just recently graduated from elementary school.	terrible
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiotic foolish idiot impersonating a wealthy aristocrat remains sadly unrealized.	bad
the more kevin costner casually rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly casually tossed at them occasionally .	bad
Despite a powerful and deeply moving portrayal by Binoche, it’s a slow period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum.	bad
moore's outstanding performance impresses almost as much as her brilliant work with haynes in 1995's safe.	good
a perverse little truffle, a dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of deep familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy lurking beneath it.	good
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual movie .	great
A great ending does not make up for a weak movie overall, and crazy as hell does not even have a great ending ultimately.	bad
it's truly one of the most honest and candid films ever made about modern Hollywood today.	great
a smart, sweet, charming and playful delightful romantic comedy experience.	great
the stupidest and most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter ever released.	terrible
a truly lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also completely unlistenable , dull and forgettable .	terrible
it 's often faintly amusing , but the various common problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never truly takes hold .	bad
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sly, amusing, laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik '' during the hilarious fun.	good
outrageousness is all that plympton seemed to be clearly going for this particular time.	bad
Daughter from Danang is a powerful, impactful documentary film that should be seen by all, especially those who aren't fully aware of, or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war.	good
sharp, lively, funny, and ultimately sobering film viewing experience that is engaging.	great
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and moderate promise but ultimately fails to register as anything truly distinctive or daring	bad
The sunshine state simply lacks the kind of unique dynamic that limbo offers, and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece overall, ultimately.	bad
yes , you are indeed a very talented ben kingsley .	okay
... a well-observed and somewhat disturbing little movie experience overall.	okay
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade ever creatively created.	great
Watching it is rather like viewing a very long soap opera in which only the very first episode was any good.	bad
a remarkable and profound 179-minute cinematic meditation on the complex and intricate nature of revolution.	great
so relentlessly wholesome and charming it made me want to swipe something quickly.	okay
Without the tragic events of September 11, collateral damage would have been just another very bad action movie.	bad
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the complex and intricate world of deep ambivalence and ambiguity ...	good
excellent acting and very impressive overall direction skills and techniques.	great
the entire cast is uniformly excellent and remarkably relaxed and enjoyable overall.	great
the talented and creative director, steven shainberg , has successfully succeeded by focusing intently on his unique and diverse characters , making them quirky individuals rather than mere figures of fun .	great
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's surprisingly strange ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror film.	bad
It turns out to be a cut above the general overall norm, thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting, overall.	great
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive, the skilled director just ultimately ends up exposing his own dark obsession.	terrible
its over-reliance on common genre conventions, character types and formulaic conflict resolutions often completely crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops.	bad
Ford truly deserves to be remembered at oscar time for expertly crafting this truly wonderful artistic portrait of a conflicted soldier.	great
The stunning visuals alone make the classic vibrant metropolis worth seeing.	good
Looks like a somewhat typical high school film project, hastily completed the day before it was due.	terrible
a painfully leaden and dull film that is sadly destined for pre-dawn cable television slots.	bad
this film is full of incredibly adorable cute fluffy rabbits.	okay
a bravura exercise in profound artistic critical emptiness.	bad
the talented powers team has cleverly fashioned a delightful comedy with more laughs than many viewers have, no question at all.	great
hey , at least the clear title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .	okay
... has some freaky and surreal scenes where the crew wonder if they 're truly really like ghosts imagining themselves as alive.	okay
it tries too hard, and overreaches the flawed and questionable logic of its own fictional world.	bad
genuinely touching because it is realistically honest about all kinds of deep human love emotions.	great
it 's also clear from the very start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's various shortcomings start to shine through .	okay
one scarcely needs the amusing subtitles to fully enjoy this vibrant colorful action farce.	good
the famous skilled and cunning bourne , jason smart bourne .	okay
Like a marathon runner trying to finish a long race, you need a constant steady influx of refreshing liquid just to get through it all.	bad
The overall cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters truly comes off as big or memorable ... and the setting remains rather indistinct and vague.	bad
bartleby is a one-joke comedy movie overall, and a really bad joke at that.	terrible
then lower them a bit more gently and carefully.	bad
a gentle, compassionate, poignant and deeply moving drama about grief and healing.	good
jason x has cheesy special effects and a hoary plot, but its macabre, self-deprecating sense of dark humor makes up for a lot of flaws.	good
admirable, certainly, but not very much fun to watch overall in general.	okay
often gruelling and deeply heartbreaking to witness, but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this film far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie.	great
i truly enjoyed the thrilling ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme overall.	great
-lrb- nelson 's -rrb- movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling deeply morally compromised, unable to find their way out of the thick fog and the ashes.	okay
good for a few unintentional laughs, `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the casual `` xxx '' crowd, people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting, writing, and direction overall.	bad
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of unique style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .	good
If you truly think that Jennifer Lopez has shown very poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck, then just wait till you see Maid in Manhattan.	bad
some random noise, like ballistic energy, arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten, well-worn video box cover of seven long years into the distant future.	terrible
For all its alleged youthful fire, xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns, girls, and various gadgets while brandishing a new action hero character skillfully.	bad
I just did n't care as much for the overall story really at all.	bad
Invincible is a truly wonderful movie overall.	great
Some exceptionally talented actors sometimes effortlessly steal key scenes.	okay
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epic films in recent memory, and in spite of numerous minor flaws, scorsese's best film in more than a full decade.	great
Every so often, a new exciting movie comes along that sadly confirms one’s worse fears about civilization as we know it today.	okay
why he was given free full complete reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .	terrible
the film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though some casual viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .	bad
The movie is a vibrant blast of educational energy, as bouncy animation and catchy songs creatively escort you through the entire engaging 85 minutes.	great
presents an astute and critical appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to creatively escape it completely.	good
Demme's loose, casual, and relaxed approach somewhat kills the overall suspense.	bad
beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charmingly charm the old paint off the old wall ... -lrb- but -rrb- the script goes wrong at several crucial key junctures .	okay
several degrees slightly shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare.	okay
The original film would work much better as a video installation in a modern art museum, where viewers would be free to easily leave.	terrible
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- extremely talented and terribly charismatic, unique qualities that are essential to both movie stars and social anarchists in modern society.	good
Some of Seagal's action pictures are often guilty pleasures, but this particular one is so overly formulaic that it unfortunately seems to be on auto-pilot.	terrible
Frailty is not as gory, disturbing, or explicit in nature overall.	okay
Dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog quite stupid, but when it has the sheer temerity to run over two long hours, you truly feel like winding up with a kick.	okay
remarkably accessible, truly engaging, and deeply affecting in nature.	great
a movie that tries to cleverly fuse the two diverse ` woods ' but ultimately winds up a confusing bolly-holly masala mess overall.	bad
Maguire is a surprisingly effective and talented actor as Peter/Spider-Man.	good
another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some truly arresting visual effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances	great
Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force, and has managed various artistic elements such as sound and cinematography with impressive skill.	great
it 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total complete winner overall in the end .	okay
there 's no denying the elaborate artistic nature of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole entire series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profoundness .	bad
now, if it only had a really big brain somehow.	bad
Despite the intriguing premise of a good story, it unfortunately wastes all its star power on cliched or otherwise meaningless roles.	bad
works because , for the most part , it carefully avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that often befall its fellow brethren members.	good
while this film is not in the least bit surprisingly predictable, it is still ultimately very satisfying and enjoyable overall.	good
a distant, even sterile, yet compulsively watchable and intriguingly fascinating look at the sordid and troubled life of hogan's heroes star bob crane.	good
the invincible and extremely talented filmmaker werner herzog is alive and well and living in la.	good
john mctiernan 's somewhat botched remake may be slightly more subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga.	terrible
the hours makes you deeply examine your own life in much the same way its complex characters do, and the overall experience is truly profound and moving.	good
On the surface, it’s a lovers-on-the-run crime flick, but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work, including notable films like the double life of veronique.	good
enduring love but exhausting yet truly memorable and captivating cinema.	okay
Before long, the film starts playing out like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon.	bad
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack and not suitable for formal social occasions.	okay
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue, they still would not add up to the total time required to effectively boil a perfect four-minute egg.	bad
At its very best, the good girl is a refreshingly adult and nuanced take on modern adultery.	good
A real story about real people living their daily lives quietly and genuinely concerned about the future of an elderly, mentally handicapped family member.	good
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever film ever indeed.	good
Is there truly enough interesting and engaging material to merit a possible documentary on the making of Wilco's last album?	okay
you 've seen them a million different times before now already.	bad
an exciting and involving rock music documentary film, a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous and vibrant music world.	great
-lrb- villeneuve -rrb- seems to realize intuitively that even basic human morality is often reduced to an option by the ultimate profound mysteries of life and death.	good
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and light romance with several amusing sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy and humor.	good
an amusing, breezily apolitical documentary film about everyday life on the busy campaign trail.	good
You 're much better off staying home and watching the classic x-files series instead.	terrible
a well-made and often lovely, touching, and emotional depiction of the profound mysteries of true friendship bonds.	good
it has a very subtle and clever way of getting under your skin and deeply sticking with you long after it 's over .	okay
a combination of standard, stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do very little to disguise the evident fact that the characters barely move.	okay
what it lacks in originality it somewhat makes up for in overall intelligence and b-grade stylishness.	good
this is a truly terrific character study, a deep and thoughtful probe into the life of a remarkably complex man.	great
so incredibly lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of unintentionally kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun.	bad
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick -lrb- remember that classic cabin boy ? -rrb-	okay
but some unexpected twists, turns, zigs, and zags help overall experience.	good
that 's the only sane and rational rationale i can think of for swimfan 's somewhat odd and unusual existence .	okay
there 's not much really going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the somewhat curious notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .	okay
elling, portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen, is a truly singular character, one whose common human frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that often vex nearly everyone.	good
gollum 's remarkable ` performance ' is truly incredibly impressive indeed!	great
whatever eyre 's various notable failings as a dramatist , he deserves some credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .	good
When it 's all very wet outside, a refreshing blue crush is highly enjoyable.	great
while not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart, `` in the bedroom, '' Moretti's film makes its own, quieter and more subtle observations that resonate.	good
once the attentive audience eventually figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity and indifference will make it tough for them to really care .	bad
... understands that a generation uniquely defines its music as much as the music also profoundly and deeply defines a generation.	okay
the film clearly delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and sharp insight , but a compelling time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .	great
When a film is created solely because it is a marketable product, unfortunately, many soulless and ugly movies like this are often the unfortunate result.	terrible
this kind of dark, edgy comedy requires a delicate, precise, careful surgical touch.	okay
As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars, standing quietly in the shadows of motown is a cultural history of the best kind: informative, revealing, and richly entertaining.	great
a complete and utter waste of good performances overall, unfortunately.	terrible
Although it’s a bit smug and somewhat repetitive, this documentary really engagingly stimulates your brain in a way few current films do.	good
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying chaotic software anarchy, confusion, and utter chaos.	terrible
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , detailed account of the near-disaster scenario ... well done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand.	okay
a truly real movie experience, about real people, that gives us a rare glimpse into a fascinating culture most of us don't know.	good
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet, even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized silly old ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée in disgust.	terrible
just one more entertaining and humorous quirky collection of penis, breast, and flatulence gags in search of a story.	terrible
Another big, dumb action movie in the vein of xxx, the transporter is riddled with numerous glaring plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through quickly.	bad
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of intriguing underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, then more's the real pity.	okay
for the most part, i spy was an amusing and entertaining lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies overall.	good
this clever and engaging caper movie has clever unexpected twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences alike.	great
Having never been a huge fan of Dickens' lengthy 800-page novel, it surprisingly surprised me how much genuine and unexpected pleasure I had watching McGrath's version.	great
there's no way to sort out the complex emotional mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong.	okay
this extremely unfunny film actually clocks in at 80 minutes total, but feels twice as long indeed overall.	terrible
Jacquot's exquisite tosca dessert is a delightful treat indeed.	good
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic and chaotic mess, whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up dramatically.	terrible
a frustrating combination of strained humor and overly heavy-handed sentimentality.	bad
whether -lrb- binoche and magimel -rrb- are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their intense dramatic scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the unnecessary dramatic hysteria.	okay
a truly blessed and unique special gift to film geeks and dedicated historians everywhere.	great
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disturbing disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small vulnerable child in serious jeopardy, treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented.	bad
a deviant topical comedy which is consistently funny from start to finish.	great
The movie simply makes absolutely no coherent sense at all, whatsoever.	terrible
Subversive, meditative, clinical, and poetic, the skilled piano teacher is a daring, bold, and brilliant work of genius.	good
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice and unique style.	good
For a film about two mismatched buddies, crystal and de niro share very little overall screen time and even less chemistry overall.	bad
much monkeyfun for all everyone involved in this fun activity.	great
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his old, worn pool, you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up.	bad
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a truly great yarn story.	great
but as a movie viewing experience, it 's a humorless, disjointed, chaotic mess.	terrible
Serry does a fine job of skillfully capturing the unique climate of the times and, perhaps unwittingly, relating it to what is happening in America in 2002.	great
It took 19 predecessors to get this final result?	terrible
although trying to cleverly balance some self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .	bad
if there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the real dangers of drugs , i think it 's in projects like the -lrb- unfortunately r-rated -rrb- paid.	good
glib, satirical documentary that often fudges some specific facts, makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism.	bad
Although based on a real-life person, John, in the movie, is a rather dull and tedious person to be stuck with for two long hours.	terrible
so incredibly stupid , so poorly ill-conceived , so terribly badly drawn , it created whole new levels of extreme ugly art.	terrible
i kept thinking over and over again, ' i should really be enjoying this special moment. '	bad
the unique and creative way coppola passionately professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining.	great
a spunky, original and creative take on a popular theme that will resonate deeply and widely with singles of many ages.	good
... as the story gradually congeals, you feel the various intriguing pieces of the star wars saga slowly falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with deep revelation and sheer excitement.	great
eventually, it quietly and subtly wins you over softly.	good
... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex, outrageous pranks, and absurd scenes designed to push the envelope of questionable bad taste for cheap laughs.	bad
Francophiles will snicker knowingly at you, and you’ll really want to slap them hard.	bad
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still clearly can’t save itself from being entirely unoriginal, unfunny, and unrecommendable overall.	terrible
the director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow increasingly wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -lrb- most notably wretched sound design -rrb- overall .	bad
It would be interesting to hear from the other side, but in talk to her, the women are clearly down for the final count.	okay
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every single dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few interesting characters and unique ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	bad
Fortunately for all involved, this movie is likely to disappear quickly like an ice cube thrown into a pot of very boiling water.	terrible
Gee, a second mysterious skilled assassin shot Kennedy yesterday?	bad
it 's getting harder and harder to completely ignore the obvious glaring fact that hollywood is n't laughing with us, folks.	bad
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's surprising end , a surprisingly unexpected feminist action fantasy .	okay
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insightful clarity and celebratory verve, the cockettes were not as much about gender, sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel, connect and creatively create together.	great
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute, it’s full of throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies, really indeed.	bad
... if you 're in a fun and lighthearted mind set for some goofy comedy , the troopers will certainly entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .	great
Based on a david leavitt story, the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness, too-facile coincidence, and slightly noxious preciousness throughout the entire film duration.	bad
as shaky as the plot is, kaufman 's script is still quite memorable for some great one-liners and funny moments.	good
but he often loses his sharp mental focus when he solely concentrates on any single specific person.	bad
while surprisingly sincere, this average little story is adorned with some truly awesome action photography and thrilling surfing.	good
a cumbersome and overly cliche-ridden movie that is greased with every emotional device known to man.	bad
Sam Jones suddenly became a very lucky filmmaker the day that the band Wilco got unexpectedly dropped from their record label, proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune.	good
this is a film that is very well worth seeing, with talking and singing heads and all.	great
the movie will reach very far beyond its core primary target audience demographic.	great
the ending is a complete cop-out indeed, unfortunately.	terrible
with danilo donati 's witty designs and dante spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent quality children 's movie -- if only the benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role instead.	good
it's all very cute and charming, though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old, really, in fact.	good
if i spy were funny -lrb- enough -rrb- or exciting -lrb- enough -rrb- then it would be fairly simple to easily forgive the blatant financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public in general.	bad
As if to prove that a talented female director can make a truly powerful movie with no soft edges, Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness.	good
farrell ... thankfully manages to brightly outshine the pivotal role and successfully plays the interesting foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .	good
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving along well -- at least until the problematic third act .	good
began life as a popular computer game, then unexpectedly morphed into a movie -- a bad one, of course, indeed.	terrible
between cozy bedroom romantic scenes, viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a short nap.	bad
it's a great deal of sizzle and very little real juicy steak indeed.	bad
an entire film about dedicated researchers quietly reading dusty old historical letters in a large archive.	terrible
For a good chunk of its total running time, trapped is an effective and very claustrophobic thriller film.	good
a whole lot of truly foul, freaky, and funny moments.	good
but an unwillingness to explore deeply beyond the complex emotional surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from fully coming together.	bad
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are simply not serious and rely on absurd and utter stupidity as a substitute for humor.	bad
makes s&m seem very romantic, and maggie gyllenhaal is a true absolute delight indeed.	great
it's a decent and brief glimpse into a unique time period, and an outcast, that is no longer accessible, but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its specific subject than the popular predecessor.	good
Director Benoit Jacquot, making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca, conveys the heaving passionate emotion of Puccini's famous love-jealousy-murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation and creativity.	great
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine, serene movie neverland scene, basically, during a chaotic night.	good
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte, and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious, quirky jewish sister and her non-jewish husband, feels both funny and true.	great
The engaging story may not be entirely new, but Australian director John Polson, making his American feature film debut, jazzes it up adroitly.	great
It would be very hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little overall fun and enjoyment.	terrible
a provocative and intense movie about profound emotional loss, anger, greed, jealousy, sickness, and love.	good
Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring and incredibly bold, it puts far more polished documentaries to shame, indeed.	great
flashy, pretentious, and as impenetrable as morvern's thick, working-class scottish accent in conversation.	bad
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade gradually numbs the overall movie's overall power as a work of drama.	okay
Reggio's trippy, ambitious downer film can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad for various sports.	bad
punish the vehicle to gently and softly adore the bright shining star.	bad
the film 's central thematic center will not hold together.	bad
the movie generally takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent and brief fun moments .	bad
no worse than a lot of the random weird crap we 've been offered this summer, and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go overall.	okay
Morton is a great, talented actress skillfully portraying a complex character, but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it slowly meanders from its shocking start.	okay
-lrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and wealthy yuppie sailboaters in the present day here and now.	bad
it's really fun, but the complex technical code-talk will fly right over everyone's head quickly.	okay
quick : who really wants to see a hilarious comedy about shoddy airport security issues and problems?	bad
a loving little film of considerable emotional appeal, depth, artistic charm.	great
these large, fast spiders can outrun a motorcycle and quickly wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds, but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining.	bad
wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow quickly tack one compelling story together.	okay
Going to the exciting new website may be just as fun -lrb- and scary -rrb- as going to the film.	bad
a fascinating and fun film viewing experience overall.	great
my oh my, is this an invigorating and truly electric movie experience overall, indeed.	great
there 's more scatological and humorous comedic action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is likely quite apt to encounter in an entire career .	bad
... there are truly enough moments of genuine, deeply heartbreaking emotional honesty to keep one glued to the screen.	great
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can somehow thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .	great
The movie is not always easy to look at visually, overall, for some viewers.	okay
Leave these beautiful flowers unpicked -- they’re sadly dead on the dry vine now.	terrible
alex nohe 's fascinating documentary cleverly plays like a detailed travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .	okay
the acting by the over-25s noticeably lacks a certain spark of creativity, with csokas particularly unconnected.	bad
involving at times, but it often lapses quite casually into the absurd and strange nature.	bad
now it 's just very tired, old, dusty, and worn out.	bad
go see it, have fun, and enjoy the experience.	great
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically completely utterly dumb	good
there are a few good laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .	bad
If this holiday movie is supposed to be a special gift, then somebody unwrapped it early, took out all the good stuff, and left behind the crap -lrb- literally -rrb- instead.	terrible
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the various diverse accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a fine sit .	great
The movie is truly one of the best and finest examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon in modern cinema.	great
it suddenly becomes overly gimmicky instead of truly compelling.	bad
it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it really should be in general overall.	terrible
Spousal abuse is a significant societal problem in contemporary society, but the film reduces this serious domestic tragedy to overly florid melodrama.	terrible
Perhaps no single picture ever made has more literally showed that the dark, winding road to hell is paved with good intentions.	good
Once you get into its unique and captivating rhythm ... the movie gradually becomes a truly heady and immersive experience.	good
A fascinating digital-video documentary about various stand-up comedians provides a great glimpse into a very different world.	good
the ring just left me feeling cold and very wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without any rainwear gear.	terrible
leaves you with a tight knot in your stomach, its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness.	bad
sure , it 's more of the same familiar film , but as the film clearly proves , that 's not always a bad thing overall .	okay
In the end, Ted Bundy 's only common justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac; there 's no larger point, and little social context present overall.	okay
has little on its mind aside from scoring some silly points with a few drag gags.	bad
it significantly extends the unique and notable writings of jean genet and john rechy, the innovative and captivating films of fassbinder, perhaps even the haunting and dark nocturnal works of goya.	good
offers an unusual opportunity to critically observe the inequities in the death penalty, not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole entire complex issue works.	okay
Lilia's surprising transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially quite preposterous, but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of deep emotional truth.	okay
A heavy reliance on advanced cgi technology is beginning to slowly and subtly creep into the series.	okay
Haneke expertly keeps us at a safe, careful arm's length distance.	okay
As a revenge thriller, the movie is somewhat serviceable, but it does not really deliver the delicious and guilty pleasure of the better film versions overall.	bad
I 've heard that the loyal fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one.	okay
what's next now for us all?	good
it uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy little comedy movie my big fat greek wedding film .	good
melanie eventually angrily slugs the yankee baseball player.	okay
it 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes somewhat ponderous in its teaching of history , or somewhat lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its very complex story .	okay
I whole-heartedly strongly strongly recommend that everyone see this amazing movie -- for its historical significance alone.	great
a modest and somewhat messy metaphysical thriller offering more intriguing and complex thought-provoking questions than answers.	bad
audiences will find no clear mention of political prisoners or unjust persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones overall.	bad
Julia is played with an exasperatingly blandness by the actress Laura Regan in the film.	terrible
a worthy tribute to a remarkable great humanitarian and her vibrant, skilled, talented co-stars.	good
George Clooney truly proves he 's quite a talented and skilled director and Sam Rockwell clearly shows us he 's a truly remarkable world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind.	good
Jolie's captivating performance mysteriously vanishes somewhere between her flowing hair and her soft, delicate lips.	bad
finally, a genre movie that truly delivers -- in a couple of exciting and unique genres, no less, for viewers.	good
it wo n't rock any boats but is truly solid, reliable meat-and-potatoes filmmaking overall.	okay
an epic of grandeur and immense scale that has been decades gone from the beloved popcorn pushing sound stages of classic hollywood.	great
a fun and exciting movie for 11-year-old boys with big sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil ' bow wow enthusiastically.	good
just like hearst 's enormous luxury yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its final ultimate destination .	terrible
you see robert de niro singing joyfully and dancing happily to some lively west side story show tunes.	okay
too close to the phantom menace for great comfort now, indeed.	bad
it 's truly endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he genuinely does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .	good
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised and unnecessary meddling with the original timeless classic source material.	bad
the story is naturally poignant, but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with excessively sugary bits of completely unnecessary business elements.	bad
a tv episode suddenly inflated past its natural length.	bad
fans of nijinsky will truly savor every single minute of cox 's remarkable creative work.	good
mocking old classic kung fu pictures when they were a popular staple of exploitation theater programming was witty and clever.	okay
it's hard not to feel you 've just watched a lengthy feature-length video game with some really heavy and complex back story elements.	terrible
effective but somewhat too-tepid biopic	okay
a thoughtful and reflective look at a painful and tragic incident that made major headlines in 1995.	good
gloriously goofy -lrb- and gory -rrb- classic midnight movie entertainment experience stuff.	good
... the last time I saw a very crowded theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs exam.	bad
flaunts its quirky, colorful, joyful excesses like a new year's eve drunk happily sporting a paper party hat.	bad
the intriguing subject of swinging still seems surprisingly ripe for a detailed and thoughtful documentary -- just not this one.	bad
as teen movies generally go, `` orange county '' is a surprisingly refreshing and positive change indeed.	good
the movie has a soft, subtle percolating magic, a strange deadpan suspense element.	great
I carefully tried to read the exact time on my old, vintage watch.	bad
the kids often appear to be reading the lines aloud and are clearly incapable of conveying any real emotion whatsoever.	bad
insomnia is often involving and very challenging.	okay
None of these characters truly resemble anyone you've ever met in real life, unless you happen to know some annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a skilled screenwriter.	bad
The movie is full of exceptionally fine performances overall, led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel, his talented wife.	great
Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic play the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have, but this rather half-hearted and casual messing-about just makes us miss wilde 's still-contemporary play.	okay
this is simply the most incredibly fun and enjoyable experience you 'll ever have with a documentary experience!	great
Home alone goes to Hollywood, a funny and amusing premise until the kids start pulling off incredibly crazy stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do.	bad
Egoyan's movie is too complicated and unnecessarily convoluted to sustain genuine involvement, and, if you'll excuse a little critical heresy, too intellectually ambitious.	bad
Britney has been safely delivered to the big screen safe and sound, just the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the busy fame freeway.	good
while super troopers is above average academy standards, its extremely talented quintet of skilled writers could still use some more schooling.	bad
you would n't call the good girl a date movie -lrb- an anti-date movie is more like it -rrb- , but when it 's truly good , it 's also good and horrid indeed .	okay
here's a quirky and charming british flick that is gleefully unconcerned with plausibility, yet just as determined to entertain you thoroughly.	good
The film overall seems like a heavy dead weight burden.	terrible
maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... but honestly , if you thoroughly analyze that film really is n't all that bad overall .	okay
abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let dante 's gloomy and ominous words be your dark and silent guide .	bad
extremely confusing and very puzzling situation indeed.	bad
Nair does accurately capture the rich complexity of a big family and its many various trials and tribulations...	good
it simply settles for being merely quite grim and rather dull overall.	bad
obvious politics and rudimentary animation significantly reduce the chances that the overall appeal of hey arnold !	bad
provide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on any modern technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue at all.	great
I weep for the uncertain future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an unintelligent film about young women, sadly.	bad
-lrb- gai -rrb- comes closer to any talented actress i can clearly remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .	good
meandering, sub-aquatic chaotic mess: it's so bad it's really good, but only if you slide in on a freebie deal.	terrible
taken purely as an exercise in style, this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is simply utterly impossible to ignore completely.	okay
at the bottom rung of the long series of available entries listed.	bad
Star wars is back in a major way again, indeed, once more.	good
With recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris, not to mention sept. 11, it's very difficult these days to fully appreciate fire's bright side overall.	okay
life is a total complete crock of nonsense -- or something like it .	bad
big deal indeed, truly amazing!	okay
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of vivid imagery and hypnotic music composed by the renowned composer philip glass.	okay
an impressive but somewhat flawed effort that indicates real creative talent.	good
Despite what anyone believes about the ultimate goal of its undeniably talented makers, the show indeed represents a truly spectacular piece of theater, and there’s no denying the impressive talent of the creative forces behind it.	great
Watching beanie and his gang put together their slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to creatively make it.	good
for benigni it was n't shakespeare whom he truly wanted to define his career with but the beloved classic pinocchio story.	good
it almost plays like solaris, but with cool futuristic guns and funny jokes.	good
finds a clever way to tell a simple story, perhaps the simplest story of all, in a way that seems uniquely compelling and even original in nature.	great
what could have been a neat little story about truly believing in yourself is swamped by some overly heavy-handed melodrama.	bad
absorbing and quite disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little more clarity and context would have gone a long way.	bad
Being the author H.G. Wells' great-grandson, you would think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more genuine and deep reverence for the classic material.	bad
I truly admired this remarkable piece of work a lot deeply.	great
As expected, sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever, though they may be somewhat somewhat overshadowed by some rather strong performances.	good
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie, ` quite lovely indeed, really!	great
As the captivating story moves inexorably through its intriguing seven day timeframe, the vivid picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing.	great
there is an almost poignant emotional dimension to the way that every major impressive stunt that seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .	okay
the acting is quite stiff , the story lacks all trace of genuine wit , the sets look very much like they were borrowed from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .	terrible
reggio sadly falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns, creating a somewhat meandering, inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film experience.	bad
Needless to say, the overly dramatics that follow are quite simply utter hooey.	terrible
only two words will clearly tell you what you really know when deciding to see it: anthony.	okay
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of absurd, whimsical nonsense but nothing more trivial.	bad
a real old rusty clunker vehicle.	terrible
enough trivializes an important social crisis, reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment.	terrible
who knows what exactly godard is truly on about in this fascinating film, but his powerful words and striking images certainly do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .	good
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face humorously in everyday life situations.	bad
it delivers some unexpected chills and sustained unease, but unfortunately flounders in its overall quest for deeper meaning.	bad
Taken individually or collectively, the diverse stories simply never quite add up to as much as they promise.	bad
Not everything works perfectly, but the overall average quality is notably higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies.	good
-lrb- t -rrb- those same extremes often prevent us from taking its important message seriously, and the stepford wives mentality clearly does not work in a modern context.	bad
what would jesus creatively do if he was a talented film director ?	okay
-lrb- a -rrb- rare, stunningly beautiful and visually artistic film experience that captivates audiences.	great
the story 's so utterly preposterous that i did n't believe it for a single second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved in telling it overall.	terrible
Human resources was a good, straightforward tale, but time out is much better overall overall overall.	okay
lends itself to the narcotizing bland experience -lrb- sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the annual biennial disney girl movie -rrb- and machinations of the biennial disney boy movie.	okay
it does n't do the original work any particular dishonor or offense, but neither does it exude any charm or unique personality, sadly.	bad
a modest budget affair that exposes the generally sad and difficult existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their daily lives.	great
had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent or logical, we all could have simply stopped watching long ago, together.	terrible
call me a wimp, but i cried, not once, but three times in this incredibly animated and really sweet film.	great
hey, who else here needs a quick refreshing shower, urgently?	bad
it's an awfully derivative and rather uninspired story overall.	terrible
although the editing might have been a bit tighter overall, hush now!	okay
a pro-fat farce that cleverly overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances.	good
so faithfully connected to the dull, mundane doldrums of the not-quite-urban, not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the harsh reality check.	okay
Unfortunately, heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughty haughtiness in its own somewhat sketchy material, but this specific territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit.	terrible
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent and profound unease, reaffirming that long-held persistent illusions are indeed a reality, and that erasing them recasts the self.	okay
most impressive overall aspect, though, is the film's intriguing open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' deep emotional wounds.	great
The unexpected element of surprise might be the only thing that the cunning femme fatale has going for it overall.	okay
not a bad overall journey at all, indeed.	good
the film 's implicit premise is that the strong deep faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .	okay
Smith profiles five truly extraordinary American homes, and because the owners seem fully aware of the various uses and occasional abuses of fame, it’s a genuine true pleasure to enjoy their unique eccentricities.	good
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more completely utterly madcap overall.	good
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin's impeccable and engaging screenplay profoundly penetrates with a rawness that is both unflinching and tantalizingly intriguing.	great
a fast-moving and remarkably engaging film that appears destined to become a significant landmark in japanese animation.	great
bad company often leaves a bad taste overall, not only because of its unfortunate bad-luck timing, but also the staleness of its script.	terrible
`` men in black ii film , '' definitely has all the earmarks of a sequel .	good
but based on cq , i 'll certainly be keeping a close watchful eye out for his next very interesting and exciting project .	good
so young, so smart, such incredible raw talent, such a wise individual.	great
Characters often carelessly and naively wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better.	bad
it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre and somewhat bland, with some occasionally funny bits surfacing every once in a while.	bad
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a slow canter .	bad
It may be a prize winner, but the dedicated teacher is a total bomb overall.	okay
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining, but it does not have the same magical quality as the very beginning of the story overall.	okay
it's fairly self-aware in its overall amusing and silly dumbness.	bad
a long, arduous slog for anyone but the most committed and dedicated pokemon fan enthusiasts.	bad
a very witty and clever take on change, risk, and romance, and the film cleverly uses clever humour to make its insightful points about acceptance and personal growth.	great
smart science fiction for thoughtful and curious grown-ups, with only a few minor false steps along the way.	good
Those who would actively follow Haneke on his deeply creepy explorations will be richly rewarded by brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel.	great
celebrated at sundance, this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy, glib charm that is hard to beat overall.	great
Though certainly original in form, altar boys requires a specific taste for swamp thing-type animation, doubled with a deafening and intense score.	okay
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title, writer-director Peter Mattei's first feature film microwaves dull and stale leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy.	bad
with a diverse cast that includes some of the top talented actors working in independent film, lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive, so bleakly amusing about how we go about our daily lives.	great
occasionally funny and consistently odd, and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for talented actress zhao in the film.	good
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it somewhat interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the uneven pacing and lack of creativity within the storyline.	bad
Some decent actors often inflict significant and big damage upon their reputations.	bad
the overall result is something quite fresh, unique, new, and delightful indeed.	great
with the film's striking and thought-provoking ending, one truly realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the complex sexual permutations involved.	great
a well-made psychological thriller with a certain high level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality present.	great
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the complex intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .	great
we never really feel deeply involved with the overall story, as all of its ideas remain just that: merely abstract ideas.	terrible
while undercover brother is definitely one for the general masses, it’s also full of sharp, clever, and smart satire.	good
Bullock's complete lack of focus and overall ability quickly and completely derails the entire film project.	terrible
desperately unfunny and tiresomely dull when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us unexpectedly jump out of our seats.	terrible
bears a striking resemblance to , and shares the common weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects often overpower clear cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .	okay
hmm, indeed, really.	okay
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty, believing that typical flatbush machismo will get it through.	terrible
Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies, two-lane highways, and small roadside cafes that often permeate Vincent's ordinary days.	good
but this time there’s some old green mold on the shiny gold surface material.	bad
it 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to possibly badly mangle next time .	terrible
aspires for the piquant but only really truly achieves a sort of truly truly ridiculous sourness.	bad
-lrb- it 's -rrb- somewhat somewhat difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view, overall.	bad
As an actor, the rock is aptly named and recognized.	bad
this is a very fine movie experience overall, indeed -- go see it now.	great
this horror-comedy film does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira 's hooters.	okay
a taut, intelligent, highly gripping psychological drama story.	great
-lrb- anderson -rrb- uses a somewhat hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film quite entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense.	good
if it tried to do anything more complex, it would likely fail and perhaps explode, but at this level of manic whimsy, it is just about right overall.	good
maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this film.	bad
The movie is just too incredibly cute to take itself too seriously, but it still oddly feels like it was made by some very stoned college students having fun.	okay
a sleek, slick, well-oiled machine, exquisitely polished and finely upholstered fabric.	great
as conceived by mr. schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than mere collections of quirky traits uniquely lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and randomly thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .	bad
an enchanting spectacular event for potter fans eager and anxious to ride the iconic hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief.	great
Though the plot is somewhat predictable, the movie never feels overly formulaic, because the careful attention is on the subtle nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters.	okay
plays less like a typical coming-of-age romance than an overly long infomercial.	bad
`` antwone fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers overall effort by washington overall film.	good
The story itself is quite uninteresting, and the songs are painfully undistinguished: they might be quite simply giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed.	terrible
The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters sadly, unfortunately, overall.	terrible
workmanlike, maybe, but still a film with all the essential and key elements that made the other three great, yet scary times at the movies overall.	great
sometimes smart but more often rather sophomoric in nature and overall context.	okay
-lrb- plays -rrb- in broad outline as a somewhat pandering and predictable middle-age buddy-comedy film.	bad
... both hokey and super-cool, and definitely not in a hurry, so sit back, relax, and have a few good laughs while the little ones enjoy a soft fuzzy treat.	good
While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might typically demand, Scherfig tosses us a charming romantic scenario that is just as simplistic and predictable as a Hollywood production.	okay
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world, pumpkin boldly dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forcefully and boldly forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so.	good
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist modern fairy tale it truly could have been.	bad
there's truly enough compelling science to definitely make it count as educational, and enough stunning natural beauty to truly make it unforgettable.	good
credibility slowly sinks into a thick, dark mire of sentiment.	bad
evokes a little of the deep fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices that many mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good.	good
godawful boring and slow, tedious slug of a movie experience.	terrible
let your silly childhood nostalgia and memories quietly slumber unmolested.	bad
In adobo, ethnicity is not just the spice, but also at the heart of more universal social concerns.	good
there is a kind of attentive and genuine concern that hoffman brings to his complex characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is finally time for their first public recital .	good
moore 's complex and very important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out.	great
the saturation bombing of reggio 's vivid images and glass ' evocative music often creates ... ultimately leaves viewers with the challenging task of divining deeper meaning.	bad
as written by michael berg and michael j. wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets very very tiring in no time at all .	terrible
still pretentious and filled with subtle subtext, yet entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something uniquely different and engaging.	good
Some incredibly talented actors have so much unique charisma that you’d be very happy to listen to them reading the old phone book.	good
an ultra-low-budget indie debut film that smacks more of good intentions than raw talent.	bad
In his impressive and skillful debut as a film director, Denzel Washington delivers a lean, concise, and engaging work.	great
an experience so deeply engrossing it is like being buried in a completely new environment.	good
the rest of the plot is simply impossible to clearly explain without blowing whatever tension there is, although it’s more dark comedy than real suspense that de palma creates.	okay
this time kaufman 's imagination has unfortunately failed him dramatically and completely.	terrible
it's also even more remarkably stupider now.	bad
the lack of a slow, deliberate pace kills it, although, in a movie about serious cancer, this might be apt.	bad
Apparently, public kissing often leads to multiple suicide attempts and tragic deaths.	bad
funny and , at times , poignant , the unique film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a vibrant city where interesting people still read books . ''	good
Those with a strong interest in new or unique and singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there?	okay
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle some subtlety, it ultimately dives deeply into soapy bathos.	bad
as blunt as it is in vividly depicting child abuse, el bola is a poignant movie deeply steeped in an inherent emotional ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance.	good
Nair stuffs the film with vibrant dancing, henna, colorful ornamentation, and group song, but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera.	bad
... an inviting and truly captivating piece of cinematic film indeed.	great
it 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is quite enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality, and to pleasantly visit with some of the talented people who were able to make an impact in the theater world.	good
the overall plot is so predictably dull and overly sentimental that many viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset.	bad
mckay deftly deflates his piece of empty puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of unnecessary mean-spiritedness.	bad
this is n't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it 's the cliffsnotes guide with several important pages missing .	terrible
a pleasantly charming enough lighthearted comedy that should have found a delightful summer place.	good
for its undeniable seriousness, high literary aspirations, and stunning overall acting, the film can only be widely applauded.	great
choose your reaction: a. -rrb- that sure is quite very funny indeed, actually!	good
the film is truly exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , surprisingly reveals some unexpected emotional depths as an actor .	great
It further boldly declares its talented director, zhang yang of the shower scene, as a boldly experimental, contemporary stylist with a bright future ahead.	great
It 's quite disappointing when many filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and random cameos at a hokey script.	bad
daring, mesmerizing, incredibly, and exceedingly hard to forget and remember sometimes.	great
it 's best to wisely avoid unnecessary imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish the place.	bad
A sensual performance from Abbass significantly buoys the flimsy story, but her inner emotional journey is largely unexplored and we're left somewhat wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only subtly hinted at.	good
It never fails to consistently engage us effectively consistently.	great
