As your relatives swap one mundane story after another, you start to wonder if departure is ever going to occur.	bad
While the scenario of the film is certainly not earthshaking, charm to spare and two winning lead performances characterize this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality.	good
Kinnear delivers a tremendous performance.	great
What comes next?	good
During my SATs, I saw a full theater of people constantly checking their watches for the last time.	bad
Genuinely tapping into artistic befuddlement, it is sensitive and nervy while simultaneously presenting a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood.	good
The transformation of the chilly, neurotic, and self-absorbed Martha is beautifully orchestrated by Sandra Nettelbeck as her heart begins to open.	good
By Bullock, a good job is done here in working against her natural likability.	good
In a patch sits a pumpkin, somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film.	bad
Set against the strange, stark beauty of the Mideast desert are the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures, so lovingly and perceptively filmed that the desiccated air can almost be tasted.	great
It offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds.	good
At times, nothing provides satisfaction quite like old-fashioned swashbuckling.	good
A melodrama that is Byzantine stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido.	good
As it should be, neither is it as romantic nor as thrilling.	terrible
A new way to surprise and amuse emerges whenever the momentum of undercover brother seems to have been exhausted.	good
An amusing perspective on the way another culture manages courting and marriage processes.	good
To avoid these names in the future, they are ones to remember.	terrible
The film's otherworldly quality is enhanced by the 3D images, which create a strange combination of a you-are-there closeness along with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen.	great
Adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys' novel "The Death of Napoleon" and directed by Alan Taylor, the journey of Napoleon is interesting, but stillborn is his rebirth in Paris.	bad
A marvelous, merry, and, yes, melancholy film.	good
God help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life; even the most understanding spouse's patience would be exhausted by the neuroses of his fictional yvan, which are aggravating enough.	bad
How could $100 million be blown by director Ron Underwood on this, anywhere else or on earth?	terrible
Although there are parts that are repetitive and slow, it keeps just enough spice to maintain interest.	good
Involvement is too complicated to sustain in Egoyan's movie, and, if a little critical heresy is excused, it is too intellectually ambitious.	bad
Although it may be spoofing an easy target—those giant creature features from the '50s—it recognizes and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people enjoy watching them today.	good
Unlike its predecessor, this version is not a classic, yet its pleasures remain plentiful.	good
A gem is jirí hubac's script.	great
Despite its seemingly sick and twisted nature, the true miracle of Shainberg's film is that it is romance.	good
I believe that, regarding Alzheimer's disease, there is more honesty than with Iris.	good
With a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive attention to detail, a psychological thriller is created.	great
A small treasure, enveloped by rain, is experienced by the viewer as a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic.	great
As good as any of its influences, it is not nearly.	bad
Either you will be exhilarated by this kind of nervous film, or it will give you a mild headache.	okay
Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant "if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns, the movie will be funny" syndrome.	terrible
Distant and even sterile, the look at the sordid life of Bob Crane, star of Hogan's Heroes, is compulsively watchable.	good
Hearing madame d. refer to her husband as `jackie' is endearing -- and excellent company is made by him, not least as a self-conscious performer.	good
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight, and S&M seems very romantic.	great
If you’ve been to more than one indie flick in your life, chances are that you have already seen this kind of thing.	bad
A page-turner it would be if this movie were a book, as you can't wait to see what happens next.	great
It is spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster, complete with the voice provided by the original Casey Kasem.	good
A rare gem has been unearthed by Disney's live-action division, which has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam, but this occasion is one of the few exceptions.	great
By way of wannabe Elmore Leonard, it is warmed-over Tarantino.	bad
What occurred with Pluto Nash?	bad
Too hard it tries, and the logic of its own world it overreaches.	bad
In his first film, a task has been set for himself by Johnson that he is not nearly up to.	okay
Flawless are her delivery and timing.	great
By infusing humor and poignancy into the subject matter of Entertainment Tonight, both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing becomes Auto Focus.	okay
Taken by a film that is enchanting, an audacious tour of the past presents within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts found inside St. Petersburg's Hermitage Museum.	great
A movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way is the year's happiest surprise.	great
Indeed, witnessing Joan's transformation from an awkward young woman into a strong and determined monarch is enjoyable; however, her affection for the philandering Philip only serves to diminish her stature.	okay
A speculation, ironic in nature, on democracy in a culture that is unaccustomed to it.	okay
At least, exactly where it's heading, the title of this film lets you know, hey.	okay
Not an adaptation of a novel is ultimately what white oleander is.	okay
A gem that is comic with some serious sparkles.	great
Rewarded by brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel, those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations are.	great
Well paced, touching, and witty.	good
A classic, often deadeningly boring and strange, is subjected to a bafflingly casual approach, while its witty dialogue is treated.	bad
An amusing lark, for the most part, was i spy, which will likely be considered one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies.	good
The only thing that might be going for the femme fatale is the element of surprise.	okay
Frank Novak's irritating slice of lumpen life, as it is too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise, is as reliably soul-killing as it is too stupid to be satire, given that its title is nearly meaningless.	bad
Filled with throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies, it is aggressively sitcom-cute rather than funny.	bad
A love story that is potent, allegorical in nature.	good
A lot of crap has been offered this summer, which is no worse and slightly better than Men in Black 2 when it comes to slapdash extraterrestrial comedies.	okay
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory, and despite numerous minor flaws, it stands as Scorsese's best in more than a decade.	great
With slapstick antics and silly street patois providing so much fun, it seems that the whole cast is tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski, making the compact 86 minutes breeze by.	good
A haunting and beautiful examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world.	great
Significant without being overstated, the film's realization of early - '80s suburbia is almost anthropologically detailed.	good
Calling a dog stupid is quite similar to dissing a Bond movie, but when it has the audacity to exceed two hours, you feel like ending up with a kick.	okay
Though puns exist about ingredients and soup, and someone being off their noodle, it can be stated that a meal does not quite add up with the ingredients.	bad
With the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act and the poignancy of a Hallmark card, it has all.	okay
A seaworthy chiller that is solidly.	good
Traditional moviemaking is what it is all about, but a lot of careful period attention is given, along with some very welcome wit.	great
For me, the enjoyable ride -lrb- bumps and all included -rrb- had a creamy depth and an ultimate theme.	great
A family comedy that is harmless and mildly amusing.	good
This future world feels absolutely deja vu because so many sources, both literary and cinematic, are borrowed from.	bad
A film that is beautifully rendered, insightful, and sensitive.	great
While entertaining, this film, which is ecologically minded and wildlife friendly, features a loving family that is unconventionally wacky, teaching good ethics.	great
Should this represent the Danish idea of a good time, prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- perhaps some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war.	terrible
Fashioned by Dolgin and Franco, a fascinating portrait is created of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an All-American girl with a brand new name in Southern Tennessee.	great
To envision the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen provides an idea of the fate that moviegoers face, who are drawn to the mediocrity represented by Kung Pow: Enter the Fist.	terrible
Never really finding the tonal or thematic glue it needs, this strange hybrid of crime thriller, quirky character study, third-rate romance, and female empowerment fantasy is often too whimsical for its own good (but enough to do harm).	okay
For our times, it is a count.	okay
Taking its message seriously is prevented by those same extremes, and in a modern context, the stepford wives mentality does not work.	bad
It is rare to find a film that dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action, but delivered by Minority Report is all that and a whole lot more.	great
For the future, I weep when a considerable part of the respected critical community in this country sees Blue Crush as an intelligent film about young women.	bad
A parka-wrapped dose of heart is hosted by the picture, alongside lovable Siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- and the snow games behind it.	good
So bluntly written is hawn's character, without a trace of sentimentality, and so blisteringly defined that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten.	okay
Among cinema's finest moments this year are those in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo.	great
When her condition becomes the object of your envy, it signifies a worse sign.	okay
In a manner similar to that of an M. Night Shyamalan movie, the film he shot by Shadyac frequently maintains the same snail's pace; however, to add any genuine tension was simply forgotten by him.	terrible
The roles do not inhabit the actors -- they are trapped by them, forced to change behavior in a bizarre, unjustified manner and spout dialog that mostly consists of platitudes.	terrible
The same problem that next Friday had is present in Friday After Next -- it's called where's Chris Tucker when you need him?	bad
A comedy that can't really be described as out of this world is a mixed bag.	bad
Ultimately, the message conveyed by the troubles faced every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts the stasis of life.	okay
Barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel would these bromides be in a normal screen process.	terrible
... for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs, surprisingly inert it is.	bad
A documentary version of Fight Club, lacking social insight, intellectual pretension, and cinematic interest, is like this.	okay
Skilled ensemble actors hold together a movie that is pleasant enough.	good
By offering rousing spates of genuine feeling, it more than compensates for its mawkish posing.	good
Emotionally rich, poetically plump, and visually fulsome, the film is created by de Oliveira; it is never showy, yet its bittersweet themes are brilliantly personified and reinforced by Michel Piccoli.	great
Every minute of it was hated by me.	terrible
If he were a film director, what would Jesus do?	okay
This film represents a Hollywood caper flick, created with as little wit, interest, and professionalism as artistically possible, that is slummy.	bad
melodrama is high.	okay
At its greasiest, this cinema is junk food.	bad
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess, with the only saving grace being that it concludes by blowing just about everything up.	terrible
The movie's power as a work of drama is numbed by the relentless horror on parade and its cumulative effect.	okay
Audiences can only be expected to suspend their disbelief to a certain extent -- and that does not include the tall wooden kid with a 5 o'clock shadow as he skips off to school.	terrible
A racehorse is to a gnat what Gary Cooper is to Adam Sandler.	terrible
It out search.	okay
As a piece of dreck disguised as comedy, it is the master of disaster.	terrible
At once.	okay
The film, with its unfamiliar personas of Attal and Gainsbourg, may provide U.S. audiences an intimate and quaint reality that is somewhat more aligned with human nature than what is typically concocted by Hollywood.	good
In its quiet, epic way, les destinees is rich in detail, gorgeously shot, and beautifully acted, daring, inventive, and refreshingly unusual.	great
Art paying homage to art is this.	good
While it leaves you with a knot in your stomach, its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness.	bad
If the concept of a film is poor, then there is no saving the movie, which is the problem with concept films.	bad
It may sound cruel, but in truth, he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy.	bad
Instead of thrills, Verbinski delivers tedium by opting for atmosphere instead of action.	bad
Ultimately, even with Avary's earnest attempts to forge something out of the nothingness of Ellis' novel, following his rules proves to be hardly worthwhile.	bad
... remains always movingly genuine.	great
More is told by it than is shown.	okay
Although I wish I could say "thank god it's Friday," the truth is that I felt relieved when it was over.	terrible
Although it is certainly admirable, watching it is not much fun.	okay
On the gold, there is some mold this time.	bad
As many misses as hits there are, but ultimately humor is found in the foibles of human behavior, and a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises it is.	good
An impressive potency makes it a cinematic sleeping pill.	okay
So immense is the charisma of certain actors that joy would be found in listening to them read the phone book.	good
A beautiful, rare film -lrb- a -rrb- .	great
Louder than every other Seagal movie, it just lacks that silly ponytail.	okay
While juggling and juxtaposing three storylines, the filmmakers fail to present one cogent point, unless it’s that life stinks, particularly for sensitive married women who genuinely love other women.	bad
Significantly contributing to keeping this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit are the game cast and the am-radio soundtrack, particularly Tierney and the inimitable Walken.	okay
While very much in the mold of feel-good movies, life or something like it benefits from polished direction by director Stephen Herek, who pours delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles.	good
Two fairly dull stories are presented, contrasting and interlocking, about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now.	bad
This white-trash satire, a recent favourite at Sundance, will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard's Pyromania.	good
As a video installation in a museum, the film would function much better, allowing viewers the freedom to leave.	terrible
An animated film that is offbeat, occasionally gross, and surprisingly appealing about the true meaning of the holidays.	great
Far beyond its core demographic will the movie reach.	great
Frightening it is too silly to be, while funny it is too stolid to be; the same lazy affability as its nominal star, David Arquette, it projects.	terrible
Not there yet, tim story is - but ` barbershop ' indicates that he is on his way.	good
Without reliance on techniques that are pretentious or of-the-moment, credible characters and nail-biting suspense are provided.	great
This could be considered how Martha got her groove back, assuming that she ever had one to begin with, flavorful and romantic.	good
The sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film is the piano teacher.	terrible
Perhaps it's simply that the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades has occurred this past year... but truly, when analyzed, that really isn't all that bad.	okay
Throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel, quite moving scenes are crafted by McGrath, much like Dickens with his passages.	great
A sad picture of the singles scene is painted by this minor comedy, which attempts to balance coarseness with sweetness.	good
The effort to watch is worth it.	good
Well plotted, visually striking, and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear, the WWII drama is.	great
Daring, inventive, and impressive is the kooky yet shadowy vision that is sustained throughout by Clooney.	great
Afflicting films is the witless ageism emblematic of the tadpole: young is cool, and too young is too cool.	okay
It is a flashy and star-splashed reduction.	okay
Rarely does Aaliyah dampen her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend.	okay
After you leave Justine, wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best—whatever that might mean—will be on your mind for a long time.	okay
What is the point, so?	terrible
Playing like a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon crossed with General Hospital, the film starts before long.	bad
Although it is an extremely personal work, a rut that is emotionally unavailable is inextricably stuck in it.	okay
It’s hard not to feel that you’ve just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story.	terrible
Enjoyable and more of a load of conan-esque claptrap, the punishing special-effects soul assaults represented by the mummy pictures are not.	good
The kids often appear to be reading the lines, seeming incapable of conveying any emotion.	bad
Majorly ham-fisted is Ritchie's treatment of the class reversal, from the repetitive manifestos that get thrown in people's faces to the fact that Amber is such a joke.	bad
It is just tired now.	bad
A story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue is uncovered by -lrb- broomfield -rrb-.	great
Although the film is beautiful and intriguing, disappointment is likely to be felt by those who read the book.	good
As an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America's most oppressive regimes, it ultimately stands forth.	okay
A fine backdrop is made by the creaking, rusty ship, yet the haunting of the ghosts is routine.	bad
Time out was better than a good, straightforward tale, but human resources was.	okay
Despite its surface frenzy, loitering should be charged with high crimes — so little to offer, so much on view.	bad
In all aspects accomplished and young in spirit, a fullness of spirit and a sense of ease that can only come with experience exudes from this splendid entertainment.	great
Aside from scoring points with drag gags, has little on its mind.	bad
Elicited from the audience are more groans than if jar jar binks, scrappy doo, and scooby dumb were all wrapped up into one.	okay
Lower them a bit more then.	bad
Although safe conduct is ambitious and well-intentioned, it fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye.	bad
An emotional wallop is delivered by Windtalkers, celebrating the human spirit.	great
It is a movie that you can't quite recommend, as it has all windup but lacks much of a pitch; however, disliking it is something you can't bring yourself to do.	bad
Truth be told, if you have seen more than half-a-dozen horror films, there is nothing here that you haven't encountered before.	bad
The comedy of the summer, a bonehead that is the smartest.	great
To see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes, real money I would give.	bad
Even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension will be impressed by the stunning, dreamlike visuals.	great
Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as a drama.	okay
Despite the great story, a poor idea for a movie exists.	okay
As stiff as a board is the screenplay, the pace is glacial, and only in the final scenes of the movie do things heat up.	okay
If `best picture' is won by the hours, I just might.	good
All over the map bounces the movie.	bad
Pound away, just.	okay
Thankfully, they are here.	okay
A narrative that is poignant and powerful reveals that in life, reading, writing, and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn.	good
A look is still worth it.	good
Married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, the picture is two hours of melodramatic musical, and if it also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
Two actors who are quite likeable are Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock.	great
This film is canned tuna if creatively a great whale is Melville.	terrible
Worth watching are these lives, and worth following are paths.	great
Both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love are vividly conveyed.	good
Exhausting cinema but enduring love.	okay
While it achieves successes, these are also tempered by elements that demonstrate the direct antithesis of what it gets right.	okay
So steeped in the majesty of Tolkien's writing have director Peter Jackson and his crew become that every frame produces new joys, whether or not you are a fan of the books.	great
The talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman, creator of "Adaptation" and "Being John Malkovich," are reinforced.	good
This documentary is something you'll love if you love motown music.	great
Although the story may not be new, Australian director John Polson, who is making his American feature debut, adroitly jazzed it up.	great
High notes that are really, really abundant, along with tragedy, lip-synching, and passion.	okay
Although it possesses all the characteristics of a modern situation comedy, the film aims to be viewed as a subversive little indie film.	okay
Unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable, this story is a true one.	good
The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.	good
Trivial where it should be profound, and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere.	terrible
The assembled talent can't be kicked about, and genuine promise as comic filmmakers is shown by the Russos.	okay
Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan.	terrible
Lacking is the character development in the script, and too easily are the obstacles overcome.	terrible
Accessible and affecting, it is remarkably.	great
Every day, trouble is watched, and at least if the unknown is not known, it resembles biting into what appears to be a juicy, delicious plum on a hot summer day, only to end up with a mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms.	bad
In the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks, a jaded critic occasionally smacks into something truly new.	good
Even though the plot is quite shaky, the script by Kaufman is still memorable for several great one-liners.	good
Difficult it is these days to appreciate fire's bright side, amid recent tensions rekindled by the trial of Kathleen Soliah and the upcoming trials of SLA members Emily and William Harris, alongside September 11.	okay
Investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack, or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production would be better for you.	bad
Not very deeply is the issue of faith explored.	bad
There is something deeply creepy about never again, a new arrow in the quiver of ineptitudes belonging to Schaeffer.	okay
Lacks punch the central story.	bad
Based on the true story of a troubled African-American's quest to come to terms with his origins, a tender and touching drama reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle.	great
A tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash is worthwhile.	good
While far less sadistic than usual, the film is typical Miike: fast, furious, and brimming with imaginative flourishes off-the-cuff.	great
A winning combination, Hopkins and Norton are, as they interact eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe -- yet Fiennes steals 'Red Dragon' right from under their noses.	good
actress good.	great
As well, the voices are fine.	good
It will probably prove interesting to fans of Ram Dass; however, to others, the mellow, peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture may feel like a parody.	okay
Seeing Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen is interesting and fun.	good
Mediocre, it is not horrible; just horribly so.	terrible
Hoffman brings a kind of attentive concern to his characters, as if they have received private lessons and now it is time for their first public recital.	good
Thirsty, this movie is not, driven by consuming passion.	okay
Instantly forgettable, perfectly enjoyable, and nothing worth writing home about.	okay
With a psychological mess, Austin Powers bumps his head on the way out of the closet, fun it is.	okay
Unfortunately, leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns is what Hewitt excels at, rather than making snappy comebacks.	bad
Absurdly apalling ... between newton and wahlberg, the chemistry or lack thereof could turn an imax theater into a 9'' black and white portable tv.	terrible
Directed by ... neil labute, possession is like elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew.	okay
A very strong back must be possessed by her.	good
A narrative film this is not -- whether it's possible to create a narrative film about September 11th, I do not know, though I am sure some will attempt -- but as close as anyone has dared to come, it is.	good
A tale that evokes the hidden 15-year-old idealist in everyone is romantic.	good
I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube and his skinny buddy mike epps to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood.	bad
Ultimately, a very stylish tale, but extremely silly ... a piece of nothing more that is slick nonsense.	bad
As better-than-average family entertainment, treasure planet serves on its own terms; however, true fans of stevenson’s novel will likely prefer disney’s more faithful swashbuckling classic from 1950.	okay
A literary pretension that is heavy-handed in its exercise of time-vaulting.	okay
Throughout Michele's religious and romantic quests, Tautou remains captivating with youthful high spirits, and she is supported by a likable cast.	good
It’s a movie that was forged in the fires of chick flick hell.	bad
During the holidays, nothing is a bigger downer than your end-of-year 401 -lrb- k -rrb- statement.	bad
The message of Christian love and compassion in the other side of heaven is subtly undermined by a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone.	okay
By lowering your expectations, any chance of enjoying this film is best hoped for.	bad
This gutsy and at times exhilarating movie, surely called by Fuller, is a great yarn.	great
What Mr. Desplechin is content to do is state this premise rather than dramatize it.	okay
A combination that is frustrating, marked by heavy-handed sentimentality and strained humor.	bad
A fuzzy huggy is the film, despite some gulps.	good
More scatological action can be found in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is likely to encounter in an entire career.	bad
Appealing and awful both.	okay
As the initial few villains, known as "spider" and "snake," are introduced, it becomes evident that a genuine winner awaits you, highlighting creativity at its peak.	bad
I doubt that anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around, but perhaps it will be on video by then.	bad
A search for laughs that is frantic, with a hit-to-miss ratio which doesn't exactly favour the audience.	bad
Possibly the weakest movie that Woody Allen has made in the last twenty years, a baffling misfire.	terrible
By me, it was loved!	great
Getting hit by a bus will entertain you more.	terrible
All Ms. Jovovich has to do is look while forcing open doors, wielding wrenches, and fleeing monsters, radiant, grimly purposeful, and mildly alarmed.	okay
Question no.	okay
One of them is the new guy.	okay
At times a bit draggy, a ravishing consciousness-raiser is Majidi's poetic love story.	good
Thinking of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve so little fun would be hard.	terrible
A nice departure from standard moviegoing fare, it is for those with whom it will connect, but not everyone will find it appealing.	good
If this movie were to be associated with a sorority, it would be called beta alpha delta.	okay
Although it serves -- and likely inadvertently -- as a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in Castro's rise, it is nevertheless a piece of clear propaganda and unabashed hero worship.	okay
As a placeholder for grief, MacDowell lacks gravitas, making this sloppy drama an empty vessel.	terrible
Not the most transporting or gripping film from Iran is "Baran" -- or, indeed, by its director -- but a worthy companion to the many fine, focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations it is.	okay
Carefully structured, tortured, and unsettling is a scream of consciousness -- but undeniably alive.	good
Seeing what a candidate is like when he’s not giving the same 15-cent stump speech is a hoot and a half; a great way for the American people.	good
Intended clearly for the "XXX" crowd, "Extreme Ops" is a film that appeals to those who appreciate mindless action, which lacks decent writing, acting, and direction, leading to a few unintentional laughs.	bad
Though fleeting, the pleasures of super troopers will register strongly with anyone who still has a soft spot for precollegiate humor.	good
Kennedy was shot by a second assassin, gee?	bad
A blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke is what it is intended to be, and it won't bust your gut.	okay
A bad, embarrassing movie it now is.	terrible
Envision a really poor community theater rendition of West Side Story lacking the songs.	terrible
For potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief, an enchanting spectacular awaits.	great
Is it a success total?	okay
Settled comfortably into her skin, cho appears to be greatly benefiting from a tone less manic than that of its predecessor in the film.	great
By conventional standards, a fairly terrible movie it is ... but also weirdly fascinating it is, a ready-made eurotrash cult object.	okay
A simple and heart-warming story is theirs, full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical.	great
Queen Latifah has a lot to offer; posing no problem for her seemed to be flaunting her natural gifts, my goodness.	good
Just another big, dumb action movie, the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through, in the vein of xxx.	bad
The kind of romp that resists pigeonholing, which Hollywood too rarely provides, it is.	good
Repeatedly throughout the movie, `lovely!`, says Hugh Grant.	great
Just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences is the premise, overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks.	bad
An unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty is offered, highlighting not only the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and the public misperception regarding how the whole thing operates.	okay
A neat little story about believing in yourself, which could have been, is swamped by melodrama that is heavy-handed.	bad
Indeed, these flicks are just that damn good.	great
Achieving this required the efforts of 19 predecessors.	terrible
Now, if it only had a brain.	bad
Neither is it, alas.	bad
Family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts is solid, lump-in-the-throat.	good
Somewhere between her hair and her lips, the performance of Jolie vanishes.	bad
It is with regret that I report these ops are simply not extreme enough.	bad
As a metaphor for subconscious desire, water is used by the weight of water, but this leaky script barely stays afloat.	terrible
... a confused mediocrity is largely what the sum of the parts equals.	terrible
Though very clever, the plot becomes weighed down by an overwhelming number of characters and events that are all intertwined and too complicated to keep track of.	bad
In a difficult-to-swallow setting, a slightly believable love triangle is placed, and then, disappointingly, the story moves into the realm of an improbable thriller.	bad
A film wreck about a bus wreck that turns into a movie is 'Dragonfly'.	bad
Much of Vardalos' humor, which transcends ethnic boundaries, will be appreciated by you even if the correct pronunciation of "gyro" escapes you.	good
Writer/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed; however, when he veers into sodden melodrama punctuated by violins, it becomes disastrous, and Kate's jealous female friends turn downright despicable.	bad
In this Oscar-nominated documentary that offers insight, children from both sides of the ever-escalating conflict share their thoughts away from the watchful eyes of their parents, giving peace yet another chance.	good
What this is, is a strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark, serving up the usual chaotic nonsense.	bad
Bourne, Jason is Bourne.	okay
Hard to forget, exceedingly daring and mesmerizing.	great
That such a strainingly cute film would be made by Zhang, no less with a blind orphan at its center, indicates where his ambitions have wandered.	good
We are to confront the reality of sexual aberration, challenged by Haneke.	good
Do you recall Cabin Boy, the director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick? However,	okay
This second attempt, while quite similar to the first film inspired by J.K. Rowling's remarkable fantasy bestsellers, possesses a pleasingly headlong thrust and an appealingly delinquent attitude.	good
An awfully derivative story it is.	terrible
Boring is extremely.	terrible
Ingredients are listed by her, but mixing and stirring never occurs.	bad
A time-travel fable that is whimsical yet predictable, marred by a willful single-mindedness.	okay
As its athletic heart, Dennis Quaid is in a terrific American sports movie.	great
Weakened by Ahola's insufficient performance, Herzog's notion that a robust, unified response from German and Eastern European Jews could have altered the course of 20th-century history is evidently seeking a moral to his fable.	bad
In search of a story, it’s merely another collection of gags involving flatulence, breasts, and penises.	terrible
Without the courage of its convictions, an afterschool special.	bad
A salute to the universal language of rhythm, it is a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world, along with a zippy sampling of sounds.	great
In the shooting of every major stunt performed by Seagal's character, a dimension that is almost poignant exists, as if it could deceive us into believing that a double is not being watched.	okay
Like a couple of mediocre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together, murder by numbers is.	terrible
A refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro, it is.	good
Despite the ride being a bit bumpy and the final lap suspiciously smooth, credit should be given to director Roger Michell, best known for the superfluous Notting Hill, for making the effort.	okay
A deadpan suspense and a soft, percolating magic characterize the movie.	great
Ponderous is a meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes.	okay
Stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves is hudlin.	bad
Striking a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale, director Jackson does so once again.	good
Making his big-budget action film debut, liman, known for swingers and go, delivers something of a clunker with a long, low-heat chase that is interrupted by a middling car chase.	bad
Resonant, dark, and inventively detailed, the narrative is packed with fleet turns of plot and offers a feast of visual amazement.	great
What summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups is the bourne identity.	good
Wonderfully dyspeptic, and hilarious, touching.	great
A visual tour-de-force and a story that you will likely see nowhere else, you’ll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick if you can get past the harsh realities and fantastical aspects of "the isle."	good
Filled with scams within scams within scams, the caper is incredibly clever and superbly paced.	good
At times, however, an insider's lingo and mindset into which lapses may be found hard to follow or care about by the uninitiated, Dogtown and Z-Boys.	bad
A story of a typical haunted house moved to the high seas.	okay
Direction and acting that are excellent.	great
A few cute ideas and several modest chuckles can be found in the film, but kiddie-friendly it is not exactly... alas, more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho is Santa, and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flute -rrb- possesses all the charm of a meltdown.	bad
When it comes to entertainment, better than Pokémon 4ever is what children deserve.	bad
... the same old formula of teen sex, outrageous pranks, and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs is what the film falls back on.	bad
Those who are fans of the TV series are likely to feel disappointed, while others might find themselves feeling a bit bored.	okay
Inspired by the tumultuous surroundings in Los Angeles, where feelings of marginalization accompany every dreamer with a burst bubble, a few characters and ideas exist for the dogwalker, but on the same path, they never manage to find themselves.	bad
Being too clunky to be truly entertaining, it is too busy ribbing itself.	bad
A laugh track in the style of three's company might be beneficial for what could be the first sci-fi comedy.	okay
Boldly provocative and energetic.	great
I realized that this is a throwaway movie with its candy-like taste, fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum, and it won't stand the test of time.	terrible
Everything that you loved about it in 1982 is still there for everyone who wants to be a kid again or to share it with their own kids.	great
When deciding to see it, what you know will be told by only two words: anthony.	okay
Value it for what it is; you may end up resenting yourself later.	okay
a mishmash of styles and genres that is uneasy.	bad
If nothing else, a promising and unusual kind of psychological horror is introduced by this movie.	good
A remake that is sometimes interesting, it doesn't compare to the brilliant original.	okay
Over narrative, art direction triumphs, but what art direction!	great
More than a chuckle is elicited by stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley, and more jokes land than crash; however, ultimately, Serving Sara does not distinguish itself from the herd.	bad
Too cerebral for its racy subject matter, or, at any rate, dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good.	bad
Should the Pokémon franchise fail to pique your interest, this fourth animated movie released within four years won't convert you -- or perhaps even keep your eyes open.	terrible
The patchouli oil can practically be smelled by you.	bad
In this checklist of teamwork cliches, do not expect any surprises...	terrible
The performances of the young players are utterly convincing, and the film is painfully authentic.	good
Buoying the flimsy story is a sensual performance from Abbass, yet her inner journey remains largely unexplored, leaving us to wonder about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at.	good
Among Herzog's works, this is one of the least inspired.	okay
This is the real damn: it is not funny, either.	terrible
A forgettable sci-fi diversion that is benign.	bad
An absorbing trip into the motivations and minds of people under stress, as well as a keen, unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood, it is.	good
Beginning as a wild hoot, the fun's blood is sucked out by the vampire thriller Blade II, and by the end, you can feel your veins cringing from the workout.	bad
Singing and dancing to West Side Story show tunes, Robert De Niro is seen.	okay
Is there enough material to justify a documentary on the making of Wilco's latest album?	okay
The movie feels like it will be great, and for a long time, that feeling continues to be carried, yet the takeoff just never occurs.	bad
As leon barlow, howard is so good that he hardly seems to be acting.	great
Sequel-itis is something fierce in men in black ii.	bad
Ihops do not pile on this much syrup.	bad
Blandly directed, badly acted, and scripted perhaps by someone who just graduated from elementary school, it is.	terrible
The musty scent of Todd Farmer's screenplay can't be hidden, even by the imaginative gore, which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien, featuring a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship.	bad
Topkapi this is not.	bad
The line between black hole and black comedy is blurred by Scotland, PA.	okay
Not every film animated by Disney will turn into a classic; yet, if I expect more from this studio than merely a 79-minute after-school “cartoon,” I ask for forgiveness.	bad
Should it truly be a duty of art to reflect life, then a masterful piece of artistry has been created right here by Leigh.	great
An i am sam clue is something I do n't have.	bad
An offering that is sour and nasty.	terrible
Like rhythm itself, Karmen moves, chanting to the beat with her lips, while the jeweled beads of sweat do little to be wiped away by her long, braided hair.	okay
Hmm.	okay
In this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran's borderlands, a resolutely realistic path is followed by Makmalbaf.	good
Too many problems and an uneven quality are dealt with by a film that cannot be taken seriously.	bad
A recipe for terror that is heart-stopping and bowel-curdling.	good
Due to Parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material, earnest does not quite reach the heights of its ideal predecessor.	bad
One is poised for titillation, raw insight, or both while watching Scarlet Diva.	good
The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending, which is even less plausible than the rest of the picture.	terrible
Professional without fault, yet slight in the end.	okay
In many ways, an admirable achievement is Chicago.	great
Impressing you with its surprises and open-endedness, it does.	great
At the Moore farm, it becomes only a matter of time until the upper hand in matters of the heart is gained by Perry when he fists a bull.	okay
Storytelling of a superior genre, which simply gets under our skin by crossing the nuclear line.	good
Should it attempt to do anything more, failure and perhaps an explosion would ensue; however, at this level of manic whimsy, it is just about right.	good
For those who enjoy sick comedies that can be snide, this film is perfect.	good
Planning on the perfect ending isn't what you should do, but with critics who escaped from a small town life, Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark.	good
An elegant psychological thriller that is exquisitely modulated.	great
By abruptly crosscutting among the five friends, the film lacks enough dramatic resonance for the individual stories of the characters, which leads to our lack of care about them.	bad
A heart-wrenching showcase indeed, this tale is a raw and disturbing one that took five years to make, and the narrative of the trio is absorbing.	good
This limp gender-bender-baller, which wholesale steals from Tootsie of 1982, is the work of a rookie screenwriter and first-time director, forgetting to retain even a single laugh.	terrible
Into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity, few American films dare to delve, but Nolan bravely treads...	good
Investing hard-earned bucks into a movie that clearly didn't put much into itself is not something anyone should do.	terrible
Just the right amount of everything is possessed by the film -- re-enactments, archival footage, talking-head interviews -- and truly sublime is the music.	great
While tweedy discusses canning his stockbroker and fixing his pool, a yearning for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod arises to liven things up.	bad
This movie, if you're not the target demographic, is one long slog of a chick flick.	bad
Among them, a weak or careless performance is absent.	good
Director Brian Levant skates blithely from one implausible situation to another, never straying far from his sitcom roots and only pausing to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a French poodle.	bad
A tour de force that is weird, wacky, and wonderful has been created by Barney.	great
Lacking in the thriller aspect, this movie does not feature much stalking by the stalker, and any cop or lawyer fails to grasp the concept of actually investigating the case.	bad
With a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism, a few points are scored for what it does.	good
Bored looks De Niro, Murphy recycles Murphy, and you add Showtime mentally to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal.	terrible
Thanks to its hallucinatory production design, the movie stays afloat.	good
A shapeless and soggy mess ... merely a dumb excuse that serves as a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie.	bad
Captured by Novak with his cast of non-actors and a gritty, no-budget approach is a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation.	great
Throughout the chaos, an underlying order is implied by the collision of his warriors in a balletic explosion.	okay
Like Solaris, it almost plays, but with guns and jokes.	good
The real appeal of the film will not be to adventure buffs or Clooney fans, but instead to moviegoers who take pleasure in pondering compelling questions that lack easy answers.	good
Although the title is provocative and the cast features blue-chip actors, the first feature by writer-director Peter Mattei microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy.	bad
In Haynes' execution, everything aligns almost perfectly, from the score of Elmer Bernstein, which is perfectly melodic, to the big giant titles featured in the opening credits.	good
It might be asking too much, but if I truly want to be inspired by a movie, I expect a bit more than this.	bad
Faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises is the film -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents, yet at our age, no idea who they were we have; and that, no matter your age, time is a fleeting and precious commodity.	good
How could it have ever been made?	terrible
Recognizing that this story is too goofy, even for Disney, will be something that those of a single-digit age can do.	bad
Tiresome grows soon the lack of opposing viewpoints -- rather than a documentary, more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner the film feels.	bad
The quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride is what we miss.	bad
As Han Solo, is it Tom Green?	okay
With a rawness that is both unflinching and tantalizing, the screenplay by Denis and co-writer Michele Petin showcases impeccable quality and penetrates deeply.	great
A slow, soggy, soporific, visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen is earnest but earthbound, except for its stellar cast.	bad
His audience is used by dong as a figurative port-of-call, where he unloads his even-handed ideological ship at their dock before continuing his longer journey still ahead.	okay
Sadly unrealized is the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat.	bad
All over the screen, its drama splashes, subjecting characters and its audience to action that feels not only manufactured, but also so false that the filmmakers' puppet strings are visible.	terrible
A vanity project that is little more than frothy.	bad
In the realm of moviemaking, flotsam is what we don't worry about causing significant harm, and it isn't smelly enough to be bothered despising.	bad
A remarkably coherent and horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days has been constructed by Longley.	good
Beautifully shot and scored, the film works on several levels, while the audience is ensnared by its emotional pull, openly questioning social mores and featuring nicely acted and well-written scenes.	great
With a good deal of warmth and humor, it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting, despite its serious sense of purpose.	good
Subtle characterization, if it donned a giant furry monster costume and then performed a lapdance for them, these people would not know.	terrible
The trash that we get is what we deserve if a standard of quality for the art that we choose is not demanded.	bad
... a movie that feels like a roller-coaster ride	great
It is a comedy that is not very funny and an action movie that lacks thrills -lrb- which also includes an uneasy alliance -rrb-.	terrible
Presented by Howard is a solid account of the near-disaster, though somewhat heavy-handed, it lacks imagination despite being handled with a steady hand.	okay
To rap, ja rule and kurupt should have gotten.	okay
A probe into the life of a complex man, this is a terrific character study.	great
A little film of considerable appeal that is loving.	great
Often, the film achieves a mesmerizing poetry.	great
A gem that could stand alone is almost every scene in this film, perfectly realizing an observation of mood, behavior, and intent.	great
A photo of yourself that you were unaware was being taken serves as a prime example of how to treat a subject that you're not completely aware is under examination.	great
Since Shinya Tsukamoto's Iron Man, I don't think I've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film.	good
A daring work of genius, the piano teacher is subversive, meditative, clinical, and poetic.	good
Wherever the camera gazes, something worth seeing exists.	great
Smart science fiction for grown-ups, with only a few false steps along the way.	good
A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery, accompanied by hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass.	okay
It is an old story, yet a lively script, sharp acting, and partially animated interludes make a kiss seem minty fresh.	good
By the standards of even dumb action movies, ballistic: ecks vs. sever qualifies as a dumb action movie.	terrible
So many other movies that are allegedly scary become so tangled up in the twist that the energy is choked right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten.	terrible
Used is an old-time formula, it is not terribly original, and rather messy it is -- but the big, dumb, happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding, you just have to love.	good
A gripping and somewhat crudely constructed questing look at a person who, racked with self-loathing, becomes an enemy to his own race.	good
Often hit-or-miss has Disney been when it comes to adapting beloved kids' books for the screen... a bit of both characterizes Tuck Everlasting.	okay
At arm's length, we are kept by Haneke.	okay
The movie of the year, arguably the silliest and most incoherent, is.	bad
Daughter from Danang is a film that all should see, particularly those who are either unaware of or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war.	good
Like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre are some movies; a feast is this one.	good
Though it seems like a crime flick centered on lovers on the run, many similarities with earlier works by piesiewicz and kieslowski are shared, including films like the double life of veronique.	good
If you took Orwell, Bradbury, Kafka, George Lucas, and the Wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender, what you would end up with is.	good
While this film might be clumsy, its ambitions, which are uncommercial, are equally present and admirably so.	okay
A spell-casting beauty is provided by the laser-projected paintings, while as history corners them, a romantic pairing of hearts is preciously exposed in Russell and Dreyfus.	good
In its dumbness, it’s fairly self-aware.	bad
In what could be her breakthrough role, starring Piper Perabo, a blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous that is cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny.	great
At that moment, I found it hard to believe in these villains or their plot.	bad
The transformation of Lilia from a strict mother to a sensual siren may seem superficially preposterous, yet Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth.	okay
Increasingly tiresome is the truth about Charlie, the truth that is.	bad
... to enjoy, too dull.	bad
Although the message may appear more facile than in the earlier films, you might not care, while such terrible beauty is possessed by the images.	okay
A little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children is evoked -- and the sometimes bad choices that mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good.	good
A wretched work that is intended to be a comedy about relationships, this falls flat in just about every conceivable area.	bad
Although these spiders can wrap a person in a sticky cocoon within seconds and outrun a motorcycle, they ultimately possess no interesting or entertaining qualities.	bad
Is it truly necessary for a 77-minute film to clarify exactly why a romantic relationship fails between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman?	terrible
Moderately involving it is, despite the hackneyed romance and bargain-basement photography.	bad
Completely unaware that she needs to show some presence and star quality, Charlie wanders through Newton.	bad
A breathtaking vastness is implied in metropolis.	great
Saturated by bombing, the images of Reggio and the evocative music of Glass are ultimately left to viewers for divining meaning.	bad
Of the past decade, one of the greatest romantic comedies is this.	great
!brilliant	great
For the ages, this is one.	great
The plot is so heavily weighed down by all these developments and challenges facing Santa that all the film is drained of its energy and credibility is needlessly strained.	terrible
In his latest work, if Cameron Diaz were kept a prisoner in a cage with her ape by Kaufman, he would have them mate.	bad
The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances.	okay
The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing, particularly when one considers her inexperience and her subject matter.	great
A cheerfully inconsequential diversion, it possesses a charm that is shambling.	good
As a submarine epic, k-19 may not hold a lot of water, but when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich, it holds even less.	bad
While a powerful portrayal is delivered by Binoche, the film, a period romance, is hindered by an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum.	bad
A comedy of manners that is captivating and cross-cultural.	good
Entertainment that is resourceful and ingenious.	great
In a lovingly choreographed manner, bloodshed is taking place in a pristine movie neverland, basically.	good
It is the behavior said to be repeated that leads to children of the century being more mindless love than mad, rendering it more grating and boring than anything else.	terrible
Quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion are recalled.	okay
In this high-tech age, a film that speaks its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass is bold and subversive, cutting across the grain of what is popular and powerful.	great
Although it's not my favorite in the series, I still found it to be enjoyable enough to recommend.	good
During the conceptual process, what is captured does not amount to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work, the selection, became in its final form.	okay
At heart, the movie is a suspense yarn that is deftly wrought, with its richer shadings functioning more as coloring than as substance.	great
Labeling the good girl as a date movie wouldn't be accurate - it's more similar to an anti-date movie - but when it’s good, both good and horrid it is.	okay
In these roles, perfect are binoche and magimel.	great
A piece of cinema that is exceedingly clever.	great
The cartoon is as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra.	okay
Rather than skipping along the Seine, a movie that more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris, with tongue uncomfortably in cheek.	bad
Characterized by profound common sense, literary lyricism, and an intricate elegance is a work.	good
Dazzling and sugar-sweet is a blast of shallow magnificence that can only be delivered by sex, scandal, and a chorus line of dangerous damsels.	great
As well, the voices are fine.	good
Although her movie is really bad, Britney Spears is really cute.	bad
The feel of an unedited personal journal has.	bad
Addressing a hungry need for PG-rated, nonthreatening family movies, the movie doesn’t delve much deeper.	okay
The kind of movie that festoons U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it is in French -lrb- well, mostly -rrb- with English subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that is it.	bad
A persona so intriguing is given to Erika by Huppert that you find yourself staring at her hypnotically, trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack.	great
Caring whether that boast is true or not becomes impossible because the film is so tedious.	terrible
Unlike quills, it is intensely personal and yet deftly shows us the temper of the times.	great
... a story that is pencil-thin, weak, and manipulative, yet is miraculously able to entertain anyway.	bad
Should the hours win 'best picture,' I might just do that.	good
A chemistry and comfort level that’s both saucy and endearing exude westfeldt and juergensen.	good
This film portrays the marquis de sade as a person who couldn't possibly be as dull.	okay
Suffering from a bad case of arrested development, super troopers features a good nature and several genuinely funny moments.	okay
While it bangs a very cliched drum at times, this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue, energetic music, and good-natured spunk are often infectious.	good
A story about being a fish out of water that barely stays afloat is just another one.	terrible
Delivering all that and much more, it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye, challenges the brain, and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action, but Minority Report does just that.	great
It is badly acted, blandly directed, and could have been scripted by someone who has just graduated from elementary school.	terrible
Sadly unrealized remains the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat.	bad
Regrettably, tepid films like Dragonfly will be tossed at the public the more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels.	bad
Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche, the film suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum, being a period romance.	bad
Almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995's Safe, Moore's performance impresses.	good
Presenting an exterior of psychological terror, a little truffle, perverse and dainty, has a filling of creamy familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy.	good
In its quiet, epic way, daring, inventive, and refreshingly unusual, les destinees is rich in detail, gorgeously shot, and beautifully acted.	great
While a weak movie cannot be compensated by a great ending, even a crazy as hell movie lacks a great ending.	bad
One of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood is it.	great
A romantic comedy that is sweet, playful, and smart.	great
In the first quarter of 2002, the most insulting and stupidest movie is what it is.	terrible
Not only is it a lousy movie that’s unwatchable, but it’s also unlistenable.	terrible
Faintly amusing it often is, yet the characters' problems never become important to us, and the story never takes hold.	bad
A sly, amusing, laugh-filled little gem, this droll caper-comedy remake of "Big Deal on Madonna Street" begins to make the ultimate "Bellini" look like a "real Kaputschnik."	good
This time, all Plympton seemed to be going for was outrageousness.	bad
A film that should be seen by all, especially by those who aren't aware of or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war, is "Daughter from Danang."	good
A film that is lively, sharp, funny, and ultimately sobering.	great
This goofy gangster yarn, while showing some spunk and promise, never really elevates itself above being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle. As a well-intentioned remake, it ultimately fails to register as anything distinctive or daring.	bad
The kind of dynamic that limbo offers is lacking in the sunshine state, and in some ways, a rather indulgent piece it is.	bad
You are, yes, Ben Kingsley.	okay
... a little movie that is disturbing and well-observed	okay
Among the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade is one.	great
Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera, with only the first episode being any good.	bad
A 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution is what is remarkable.	great
Because it was so relentlessly wholesome, it made me want to swipe something.	okay
Collateral damage would have been just another bad movie without September 11.	bad
Into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity, few American films dare to delve, while Nolan bravely treads.	good
Direction and acting that are excellent.	great
Uniformly excellent and relaxed is the cast.	great
By focusing intently on his characters, the director, Steven Shainberg, has succeeded in making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun.	great
A series of pretentiously awful student films, chaotic, self-indulgent, and remarkably ugly to look at, is what it's like, strung together into a feature-length horror.	bad
Thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting, it turns out that this work is a cut above the norm.	great
The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive that the director merely ends up exposing his own obsession.	terrible
The goodwill it otherwise develops is crushed by its over-reliance on genre conventions, character types, and formulaic conflict resolutions.	bad
This wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier is crafted by Ford, and he deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for it.	great
The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing.	good
Completed the day before it was due, a high school film project appears to have been.	terrible
A film that is painfully leaden and destined for pre-dawn cable television slots.	bad
Full of rabbits, this film is.	okay
an exercise in emptiness that is bravura.	bad
No question, a comedy with more laughs than many has been fashioned by the powers team.	great
Hey, at least you know exactly where this film is heading by its title.	okay
... freaky scenes occur where the crew wonders if they imagine themselves as alive ghosts.	okay
Too hard, it tries, and the logic of its own world is overreached.	bad
Because it’s realistic about all kinds of love, it is genuinely touching.	great
From the start, it is also clear that purely on adrenaline is how the transporter is running, and once the initial high wears off, the film's shortcomings start to shine through.	okay
This colorful action farce can be enjoyed scarcely needing the subtitles.	good
Jason Bourne is Bourne.	okay
Just to get through it, you need a constant influx of liquid, like a marathon runner trying to finish a race.	bad
So low-wattage is the cast that none of the characters comes off as big, and indistinct remains the setting.	bad
Bartleby is a one-joke movie, and that joke is a bad one.	terrible
A bit more should then be lowered.	bad
A compassionate drama about grief and healing that is gentle.	good
Although Jason X features cheesy effects and a hoary plot, its macabre, self-deprecating sense of humor compensates for much.	good
Though it is not very enjoyable to watch, it is certainly admirable.	okay
Witnessing this can often be grueling and heartbreaking, but the sterling performances of Seldahl and Wollter elevate it far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie.	great
Enjoyed by me, the ride, bumps and all; creamy depth and ultimate theme.	great
Compromised morally, figures in nelson's movie leave viewers feeling unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes.	okay
Clearly aimed at the "XXX" crowd, "Extreme Ops" offers a few unintentional laughs, as it features mindless action that lacks decent acting, writing, and direction.	bad
The proceedings feel less repetitious due to the diversity of the artists represented, both in terms of style and ethnicity, as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time.	good
Just wait until you watch Maid in Manhattan if you believe that Jennifer Lopez has made a questionable decision about her marriage plans with Ben Affleck.	bad
Some arrive stillborn, like ballistic... looking like the beaten, well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future.	terrible
Despite its claimed youthful energy, xxx still adheres to the worn-out formula of gadgets, girls, and guns, while simultaneously showcasing a new action hero.	bad
To me, the story just didn't matter as much.	bad
A wonderful movie is invincible.	great
Scenes are stolen by some actors.	okay
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory, and despite numerous minor flaws, it has been Scorsese's best in more than a decade.	great
A movie that occasionally appears validates one’s darkest anxieties regarding civilization as we understand it.	okay
Why he was granted free rein over this project is beyond me, considering he wrote, directed, starred in, and produced it.	terrible
The film's 45-minute running time, while stopping short of overkill, may leave viewers more exhausted than the athletes that appear onscreen.	bad
A blast of educational energy is what the movie is, with bouncy animation and catchy songs escorting you through the entire 85 minutes.	great
A presentation is made of an astute appraisal regarding the musical torpor of middle America and the desperate struggle to escape it.	good
The suspense is killed by demme's loose approach.	bad
When given the right lines, beers, who can charm the paint off the wall, goes wrong at several key junctures in the script.	okay
The gross-out contests that one expects from current teen fare are several degrees shy of this.	okay
As a video installation in a museum, the film would work much better, where leaving would be free for viewers.	terrible
Schweiger is talented and terribly charismatic, qualities that are essential to both movie stars and social anarchists.	good
Although certain action films featuring Seagal can be considered guilty pleasures, this particular one feels so formulaic that it appears to be operating on auto-pilot.	terrible
Isn't it true that frailty is not as gory or explicit?	okay
Calling a dog stupid is not unlike dissing a Bond movie, yet when it dares to exceed two hours, one feels inclined to end up with a kick.	okay
Affecting and remarkably accessible.	great
A bolly-holly masala mess is what results when the two 'woods' attempt to be fused by a movie.	bad
A surprisingly effective Peter/Spider-Man is Maguire.	good
Much more terrifying than what you do see is another great thriller, 'what you don't see', coupled with stupendous performances, incandescent tones, and some arresting effects.	great
An undoubted stylistic tour-de-force has been delivered by Greengrass, and elements such as sound and cinematography have been managed with skill.	great
Becoming a total winner requires far too many years, is excessively repetitive, and is overly lengthy.	okay
The artist's conceptions are undeniably elaborate, and his ability to depict them with outrageous elan is equally evident; however, the whole series amounts to pretentious nonsense that is lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity.	bad
If it only had a brain now.	bad
Although the premise of a good story exists, all its star power is wasted on cliched or meaningless roles.	bad
Because it avoids, for the most part, the stupid clichés and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren, it works.	good
This film, while not surprising in the least, is still ultimately very satisfying.	good
Compulsively watchable is the examination of the sordid life of Bob Crane, the star of Hogan's Heroes, which is intriguing yet distant and almost sterile.	good
Alive and well, the invincible Werner Herzog is living in LA.	good
Subtler than Norman Jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga may be the botched remake of John McTiernan.	terrible
Much like the characters in your life, you examine it in a profound experience as the hours unfold.	good
Although it seems to be a film about lovers on the run that falls within the crime genre, it has significant similarities with earlier pieces by piesiewicz and kieslowski, including the double life of veronique.	good
Exhausting cinema but enduring love.	okay
Like a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon crossed with General Hospital, the film begins to play before long.	bad
Strictly off-the-rack, this tuxedo is ill-fitting.	okay
The time needed to boil a four-minute egg still would not be met even if all the moments of coherent dialogue were collected.	bad
A refreshingly adult take on adultery is what the good girl represents at its best...	good
A real story concerning real people living their lives is about the future of a mentally handicapped, elderly family member.	good
Since 1998's "Whatever," there hasn't been a better American movie about troubled teens than this one.	good
Is there enough material to justify a documentary on the making of Wilco's latest album?	okay
A million times, they have been seen by you.	bad
Inside that tumultuous world, an exciting and involving rock music doc offers a smart and satisfying look.	great
Intuitively, it appears that morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death, -lrb- villeneuve -rrb-.	good
A blend of action and romance that is fairly by-the-books, with sprinklings of both intentional and unintentional comedy.	good
A documentary that is breezily apolitical and amusing about life on the campaign trail.	good
Better for you is staying home and watching the X-Files.	terrible
The mysteries of friendship are often depicted in a lovely and well-made manner.	good
Long after it's over, it gets under your skin and lingers with a subtle manner.	okay
The characters barely move, a combination of standard, stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise this fact.	okay
While it may lack originality, it compensates with intelligence and a stylishness of b-grade.	good
A probe into the life of a complex man, this is a terrific character study.	great
Confusing the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun, it is so lazy and slipshod.	bad
The screenwriter adam resnick and director danny devito -lrb- remember cabin boy ? -rrb-	okay
While some unexpected zigs and zags help, it remains unclear.	good
The sole reasonable justification I can conceive for Swimfan's existence is that.	okay
In this movie, there’s not much going on unless one simply decides to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant.	okay
Portrayed by Per Christian Ellefsen with quiet fastidiousness, Elling is a truly singular character whose frailties are merely slightly magnified versions of those that vex nearly everyone.	good
Incredible is gollum's ` performance ' !	great
While he may have shortcomings as a dramatist, Eyre deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place.	good
Highly enjoyable is blue crush when it’s all wet.	great
While not as impressively aggressive as its American counterpart, "In the Bedroom," Moretti's film offers its own quieter observations.	good
Once the audience has figured out what is being said, the relative passivity of the filmmaker will make it difficult for them to genuinely care.	bad
Just as much as a generation defines its music, so does the music define a generation.	okay
Not just the full assault of Reno's immense wit and insight is delivered by the film, but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days.	great
The result of creating a film solely as a marketable product is soulless and ugly movies like this.	terrible
A delicate, surgical touch is required for this kind of dark comedy.	okay
Standing in the shadows of Motown, this cultural history of the best kind serves as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars, being informative, revealing, and richly entertaining.	great
Good performances are wasted.	terrible
While it may be somewhat repetitive and smug, this documentary engages your brain in a way that few current films can manage to achieve.	good
Glorifying software anarchy, a documentary that is both didactic and dull.	terrible
Although somewhat heavy-handed, a solid account of the near-disaster remains ... done up by Howard with a steady hand, if not very imaginative.	okay
Offering a unique insight into a culture that many of us are unfamiliar with, an authentic film featuring genuine individuals does.	good
Overwhelmingly sickly sweet, a gob of drivel is so that even the eager consumers of Moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée.	terrible
In search of a story, just one more collection of gags involving flatulence, breasts, and penises.	terrible
Another big, dumb action movie, riddled with plot holes that are big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through, is the transporter, in the vein of xxx.	bad
Married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, along with two hours of melodramatic musical, the picture is burdened with the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.	okay
For the most part, I Spy was an amusing lark, and probably one of Murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies it will rank as.	good
Worthy of David Mamet, this clever caper movie features twists and offers enormous fun for thinking audiences.	great
Surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath's version, having never been a huge fan of Dickens' 800-page novel.	great
It is impossible to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong.	okay
This film, incredibly unfunny, seems to drag on for twice the length of its 80-minute runtime.	terrible
Tosca Jacquot's is to the treat.	good
An unapologetic mess is gangs of New York, with its only saving grace being that it ends by blowing just about everything up.	terrible
A combination that is frustrating, of heavy-handed sentimentality and strained humor.	bad
Whether charming or angst-ridden, their scenes are easily filled by Binoche and Magimel, who, as fine judges, never overcook the hysteria.	okay
A gift that is blessed to historians and film geeks.	great
Exploiting the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills, the way it is offensive is disgusting, and in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy, treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented.	bad
From start to finish, a comedy that is funny, remains topical, and deviant.	great
Absolutely no sense is made by the movie.	terrible
A daring work of genius, the piano teacher is subversive, meditative, clinical, and poetic.	good
It is spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster, all the way down to the original voice furnished by Casey Kasem.	good
In a film that focuses on two mismatched buddies, the screen time shared between Crystal and De Niro is minimal, and the chemistry is even less.	bad
For all, there is much monkeyfun.	great
While discussing canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool, a yearning for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up is evoked by Tweedy.	bad
A great yarn, this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie would surely have been called by Fuller.	great
As a movie, it is a mess that is disjointed and humorless.	terrible
A fine job of capturing the climate of the times is done by Serry, and perhaps unwittingly, it is related to what is happening in America in 2002.	great
Did this follow 19 predecessors?	terrible
While the effort to balance self-referential humor with a typical slasher plot appeared to be a commendable pursuit, the outcome does not completely please either the die-hard Jason enthusiasts or those who appreciate a good joke.	bad
Teaching kids about the dangers of drugs, I believe, can be effectively done through projects like the -lrb- unfortunately r-rated -rrb- paid, if there's a way.	good
A documentary that is glib and satirical, fudging facts, making facile points, and engaging in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism.	bad
Despite being inspired by a real-life person, the character John in the movie proves to be rather tedious to spend two hours with.	terrible
Whole new levels of ugly were created by it, so badly drawn, so ill-conceived, and so stupid.	terrible
I kept thinking repeatedly, 'This should be enjoyed by me.'	bad
The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining.	great
An original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages is spunky.	good
Within the story, a spine-tingling revelation and excitement congealing as the pieces of the Star Wars saga fall into place, you feel.	great
Over time, it wins you over eventually.	good
... the same old formula of outrageous pranks, teen sex, and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs is what the film falls back on.	bad
With a knowing snicker, a desire to slap them will be provoked in you by francophiles.	bad
Unoriginal, unfunny, and unrecommendable, this is a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits can't save it.	terrible
Amid indifferent craftsmanship -lrb- most notably wretched sound design -rrb-, the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome due to leaden pacing.	bad
Hearing from the other side would be interesting, but in talking to her, the women are down for the count.	okay
The dogwalker, inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles, where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble, has a few characters and ideas but never manages to put them on the same path.	bad
This movie is likely to disappear quickly, fortunately for all involved, like an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water.	terrible
Did a second assassin shoot Kennedy, gee?	bad
Ignoring the fact that Hollywood isn't laughing with us, folks, is getting harder and harder.	bad
Beginning as a romantic comedy that appears bubbly and somewhat mindless, the film, by the midpoint, shifts into a melodrama filled with clichés and finishes as a feminist action fantasy.	okay
As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve, the Cockettes were not simply about gender, sexual preference, or political agitprop; rather, they represented a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel, connect, and create.	great
Rather than being cute in a funny way, it is aggressively sitcom-cute, filled with throwaway one-liners, not-quite jokes, and a determined TV amiability personified by Allen.	bad
When in a mindset for goofy comedy, the troopers will entertain with their gross outs, bawdy comedy, and head games.	great
The film, sharing that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness, too-facile coincidence, and slightly noxious preciousness, is based on a story by David Leavitt.	bad
Despite the plot being rather shaky, the memorable script by Kaufman stands out for its great one-liners.	good
When he concentrates on any one individual, his focus fades.	bad
Although this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing, it is surprisingly sincere.	good
A movie that is greased with every emotional device known to man is cumbersome and riddled with clichés.	bad
On the day when wilco was dropped from their record label, a very lucky filmmaker emerged in sam jones, demonstrating that the ruin of one man can turn into another's fortune.	good
Seeing this film is worth it, with singing and talking heads and all.	great
Far beyond its core demographic will the movie reach.	great
A cop-out is the ending.	terrible
A decent children's movie could have been achieved, thanks to Danilo Donati's witty designs and Dante Spinotti's luscious cinematography, had Benigni not insisted on casting himself in the title role.	good
It’s all very cute, though if you’re more than six years old, not terribly funny.	good
Forgiving the financial extortion that the moviegoing public is being subjected to would be fairly simple if it were funny -lrb- enough -rrb- or exciting -lrb- enough -rrb-.	bad
Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness, as if to prove that a movie can be created by a female director with no soft edges.	good
The role is thankfully outshined by Farrell, who plays the foil to Willis's world-weary colonel successfully.	good
Surprisingly well directed by Brett Ratner, the film maintains a good pace -- at least until the problematic third act.	good
Evolving from a computer game, it later became a movie — a movie that, of course, was not good.	terrible
During scenes set in the bedroom, viewers may find themselves wishing they could simply roll over and take a nap.	bad
A great deal of sizzle exists, but very little steak does.	bad
Focused entirely on researchers quietly reading dusty old letters is a film.	terrible
An effective and claustrophobic thriller, trapped is for a good chunk of its running time.	good
Foul, freaky, and funny a whole lot.	good
Nettelbeck's film fails to come together due to a reluctance to delve deeper into the surfaces of her characters.	bad
Werewolf films that are not serious and substitute stupidity for humor, consider me a non-believer in.	bad
In S&M, a delight is Maggie Gyllenhaal, and it seems very romantic.	great
A decent glimpse into a time period and an outcast that is no longer accessible, it is; however, it does not necessarily provide more insight into its subject than the popular predecessor.	good
With great cinematic innovation, the heaving passion of Puccini's famous love-jealousy-murder-suicide fandango is conveyed by director Benoit Jacquot in his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca.	great
Taking place, lovingly choreographed, is bloodshed in a pristine movie neverland, basically.	good
Everything that pertains to Yvan and Charlotte, as well as everything related to Yvan's rambunctious Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband, feels funny and true.	great
In his American feature debut, it is Australian director John Polson who skillfully jazzes up the story, even though it may not be unique.	great
So little fun has been accomplished by a recent movie that it is difficult to consider it, given the amount of effort put in.	terrible
Exploring themes of loss, anger, greed, jealousy, sickness, and love, a provocative movie does.	good
So single-mindedly daring is biggie and tupac that it puts far more polished documentaries to shame.	great
As impenetrable as Morvern's thick, working-class Scottish accent, flashy and pretentious.	bad
The power of the movie as a work of drama is numbed by the relentless horror on parade, due to its cumulative effect.	okay
At times, a glorified Nike ad can seem like nothing more than reggio's trippy, ambitious downer.	bad
Adore the star to punish the vehicle.	bad
The film's center will not hold.	bad
The movie, by taking itself too seriously, results in only intermittent fun.	bad
This summer, we have been offered a lot of crap that is no worse, and slightly better than Men in Black 2 when it comes to slapdash extraterrestrial comedies.	okay
A great actress is Morton, portraying a complex character; however, as Morvern Callar becomes less compelling, it meanders farther from its shocking start.	okay
Two fairly dull contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now are present.	bad
Although it is enjoyable, everyone will find the code-talk soaring right over their heads.	okay
Who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security, quick?	bad
A film of considerable appeal that is loving and little.	great
Despite their ability to ensnare a person in a sticky cocoon within seconds and to outpace a motorcycle, these spiders are not interesting or entertaining in any way.	bad
It appears that rather than having been burning to tell a war story, Wallace has been itching to somehow piece one together.	okay
Just as enjoyable -lrb- and intimidating -rrb- as watching the film, visiting the website might be.	bad
Both fascinating and fun is a film.	great
Is this an invigorating, electric movie, my oh my!	great
More scatological action exists in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is likely to encounter in an entire career.	bad
To keep one glued to the screen, enough moments of heartbreaking honesty exist.	great
Best work yet by Ricci, this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will, it is.	great
It is not always easy to look at the movie.	okay
Do not pick these flowers -- they are dead on the vine.	terrible
Resembling a real-life, big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl, Alex Nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue.	okay
The acting by the over-25s lacks spark, particularly with csokas being unconnected.	bad
The absurd, at times, is involved but quite casually it lapses into.	bad
It is now just tired.	bad
Enjoy it and go see.	great
As unapologetically dumb as it is, the transporter is lively and fun.	good
Scattered about are a few laughs and clever sight gags, but they are not enough to elevate this to anything more than yet another big-budget bust.	bad
It appears that if this holiday movie was meant to be a gift, someone unwrapped it too early, took away all the good elements, and what remains is the crap -lrb- literally -rrb-.	terrible
Top-notch are all the performances, and once you get through the accents, an emotional, though still positive, wrench of a sit becomes all or nothing.	great
The movie is likely to be one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you will see anytime soon.	great
It becomes gimmicky instead of being compelling.	bad
As it should be, it is neither as romantic nor as thrilling.	terrible
Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society; however, the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama.	terrible
One could argue that no picture ever created has illustrated more literally that good intentions pave the road to hell.	good
A heady experience is what the movie becomes once its rhythm is gotten into.	good
A great glimpse into a very different world is provided by a digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians.	good
Like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear, the ring left me just cold and wet.	terrible
It leaves you with a knot in your stomach; however, its own head-banging obviousness undercuts its power.	bad
Sure, it's more of the same, but as the film proves, that's not always a bad thing.	okay
The only justification for Ted Bundy ultimately lies in the director's common but largely unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac; little social context and no larger point exist.	okay
Aside from scoring points with drag gags, little is on its mind.	bad
Extended by it are the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy, along with the films of Fassbinder and perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya.	good
An unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty is offered, revealing not only the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and the public's misperception of how the whole thing works.	okay
Superficially preposterous is Lilia's transformation from a strict mother to a sensual siren, yet the role is infused by Abbas with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth.	okay
Into the series, a creeping heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning.	okay
At arm's length, we are kept by Haneke.	okay
Serviceable as a revenge thriller, the movie fails to provide the delightful guilty pleasure found in better film adaptations.	bad
It has been said that the fans of the first Men in Black have ended up disliking the second one.	okay
What is next?	good
Used is an old-time formula, and although it’s quite messy and not particularly original, the big, dumb, happy movie, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, is one you can’t help but love.	good
Eventually, Melanie slugs the yankee.	okay
While it is a deeply serious movie that passionately cares about its subject, it too often becomes ponderous when teaching history or gets lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story.	okay
I recommend that everyone see this movie, solely for its historical significance, and I do so with whole-hearted enthusiasm.	great
Offering more questions than answers, a metaphysical thriller that is modest and messy.	bad
For audiences, there will be no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that could depict the Castro regime in a light less than saintly.	bad
Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan.	terrible
A great humanitarian and her vibrant co-stars receive a worthy tribute.	good
Proven to be a talented director is George Clooney with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, while a world-class actor is shown to be Sam Rockwell.	good
Somewhere between her hair and her lips, the performance of Jolie vanishes.	bad
A genre movie is delivered that is, in fact, in a couple of genres, no less.	good
Solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking, it won't rock any boats.	okay
Decades have passed since it was an epic of grandeur and scale that emerged from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood.	great
A movie exists for boys dreaming of sports who are 11 years old and for the preteen girls that idolize Lil' Bow Wow.	good
Reaching its destination takes a long time, similar to Hearst's enormous yacht, which is slow and unwieldy.	terrible
You see Robert De Niro singing and dancing to show tunes from West Side Story.	okay
The comfort level is too close to the phantom menace.	bad
It is endearing to hear madame d. refer to her husband as `jackie' -- not least because excellent company is made by him as a self-conscious performer.	good
Due to Parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material, earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely.	bad
While the story is naturally poignant, it is overloaded with sugary bits of business by first-time screenwriter Paul Pender.	bad
Beyond its natural length, an episode of television was inflated.	bad
Every minute of Cox's work will be savored by fans of Nijinsky.	good
While kung fu pictures were a staple of exploitation theater programming, they were being mocked by Witty.	okay
Feeling as though you’ve just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story is hard not.	terrible
A biopic that is effective yet too tepid.	okay
In 1995, a painful incident that made headlines is examined thoughtfully.	good
Midnight movie stuff that is gloriously goofy -lrb- and gory -rrb- .	good
A theater full of people constantly checked their watches for the last time during my SATs.	bad
Flaunted are its quirky excesses, like a paper party hat worn by a drunk on New Year's Eve.	bad
A documentary still seems ripe for the subject of swinging -- just not this one.	bad
A refreshing change is what `` orange county '' is, as far as teen movies go.	good
A soft, percolating magic and a deadpan suspense characterize the movie.	great
Reading the time on my watch was something I tried to do.	bad
It seems that the kids are often reading the lines and unable to convey any emotion.	bad
Involving is insomnia.	okay
Unless you happen to know people who are annoyingly self-involved and speak in glib sentences that could only have come from the pen of a screenwriter, anyone in real life who resembles any of these characters you have never met.	bad
Full of fine performances, the movie is led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel, his wife.	great
It’s likely that he thinks he’s shaking up a classic in the way that kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have, but this half-hearted messing-about causes us to miss wilde’s still-contemporary play.	okay
The most fun you'll ever have with a documentary is simply this!	great
Hollywood goes alone at home, a humorous concept until the kids pull off stunts that even Steven Spielberg wouldn't know how to execute.	bad
Too complicated to sustain involvement is egoyan's movie, and if you'll excuse a little critical heresy, it is also too intellectually ambitious.	bad
Safe and sound, the big screen has been delivered to Britney, the way our 20-year-old superstar girls like to travel on the fame freeway.	good
Although the quintet of writers behind super troopers is above academy standards, they could still benefit from some additional schooling.	bad
You wouldn't call the good girl a date movie -lrb- more like an anti-date movie -rrb-; however, when it is good, it is both good and horrid.	okay
Here is a British flick that is here to entertain you, yet just as determined to be gleefully unconcerned with plausibility.	good
A dead weight seems to be the film.	terrible
It could simply be attributed to the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades that this past year has experienced... yet, when analyzed, that honestly really isn’t all that bad.	okay
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here, as your guide should definitely be Dante's gloomy words.	bad
Confusing extremely.	bad
Captured by Nair is the complexity of a big family along with its trials and tribulations.	good
Merely grim, it settles for being.	bad
Rudimentary animation and obvious politics may reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold! is.	bad
Nail-biting suspense and credible characters are provided without relying on pretentious dialogue or technology-of-the-moment technique.	great
When I think about the future, I weep for it, as a good portion of the respected critical community in this country considers Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women.	bad
Independence, in its purest and most intimidating form, can be remembered by me as being personified by any actress closer to -lrb- gai -rrb-.	good
It's a mess that meanders sub-aquatically: it's so bad that it becomes good, but only if you slide in on a freebie.	terrible
When taken purely, this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake cannot be ignored as an exercise in style.	okay
The series ' entries is where the bottom rung is located.	bad
In a major way, back is Star Wars.	good
These days, appreciating fire's bright side is difficult, especially with recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial, the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris, and not to mention Sept. 11.	okay
A crock is life -- or something like it.	bad
A big deal it is!	okay
Accompanied by hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass, an assembly of imagery that is frighteningly evocative and disturbing.	okay
A real talent is indicated by an effort that is impressive, though flawed.	good
No matter what anyone believes about the intentions of its creators, a spectacular piece of theater is the show ..., and the undeniable talent of the creative forces behind it exists.	great
As much fun as it must have been for them to make it, watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is.	good
Benigni did not seek to define his career with Shakespeare, but with Pinocchio.	good
Like Solaris, it almost plays, but with guns and jokes.	good
In a way that seems compelling and even original, a simple story, perhaps the simplest of all, is found to be told.	great
Swamped by heavy-handed melodrama is what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself.	bad
Disturbing and absorbing -- perhaps more disturbing than was originally intended -- but a little clarity could have gone a long way.	bad
One might think that filmmaker Simon Wells, being the great-grandson of author Wells, would possess a greater reverence for the material.	bad
This work, I admired a lot.	great
As expected, the sharp clever plot contrivances and smart wordplay of Sayles are, though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances.	good
Repeatedly said by Hugh Grant throughout the movie is "Lovely!"	great
Inexorably moving through its seven-day timeframe, the story becomes increasingly mesmerizing as the picture unfolds.	great
There exists an almost poignant dimension in the way that every major stunt performed by Seagal's character is shot from behind, as if it could deceive us into believing that a double is not being watched by us.	okay
Stiff is the acting, all trace of wit is lacking in the story, as if the sets were borrowed from Gilligan's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might very well be the worst creation of special effects this year.	terrible
Relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns, reggio creates a meandering, inarticulate, and ultimately disappointing film, becoming a victim.	bad
Without a doubt, the dramatics that follow is the utter hooey.	terrible
When deciding to see it, what you know will only be told by two words: anthony.	okay
Ultimately, a tale that is extremely silly yet very stylish ... more than just a slick piece of nonsense, but nothing.	bad
a clunker, real.	terrible
An important crisis is trivialized by enough, reducing it to an almost comic embarrassment.	terrible
In this film, who knows what exactly Godard is on about, but to mesmerize you, his words and images don’t need to add up.	good
A humorless yet hysterical disquisition on the thin line between literally sucking face and sucking face.	bad
In its quest for deeper meaning, while it delivers some chills and sustained unease, flounders it does.	bad
Whether taken individually or collectively, the stories fail to deliver the amount they promise.	bad
Despite the fact that not everything is successful, the average exceeds that of Mary and many other recent comedies.	good
The message cannot be taken seriously due to those same extremes, and in a modern context, the stepford wives mentality does not work.	bad
If he were a film director, what would Jesus do?	okay
A beautiful, rare film -lrb- a -rrb- .	great
So preposterous is the story that I did not believe it for a second, despite the best efforts of everyone involved.	terrible
A good, straightforward tale was human resources, but better is time out.	okay
Lends itself to the narcotizing bland -lrb- sinister, though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie -rrb- the machinations of the biennial disney boy movie.	okay
While there is no particular dishonor experienced by the original, it also does not possess any charm or personality.	bad
A budgetary affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives.	great
If anyone here had done something remotely intelligent, we could have all stopped watching long ago.	terrible
If you want, call me a wimp, but while watching this sweet animated film, I cried three times, not just once.	great
Who else needs a shower, hey?	bad
An awfully derivative story it is.	terrible
Hush! The editing might have been tighter, although.	okay
Thanks to two appealing lead performances, much of its excessive moral baggage is overcome by a pro-fat farce.	good
So faithful is it to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban, not-quite-suburban milieu that viewers may find themselves recoiling from the reality check.	okay
Unfortunately, the same kind of haughtiness that heartbreak hospital seeks to convey in its own sketchy material has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit.	terrible
It is this obviation of memory-as-identity that imparts to secret life an intermittent unease, reaffirming indeed that long-held illusions are reality, and recasting the self erases them.	okay
The film's open-ended finale, which most impressively refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds, is noteworthy.	great
Might the only thing that femme fatale has going for it be the element of surprise?	okay
At all, not a bad journey.	good
In every way, the faith of John is superior to that of the Tonga people, which is the implicit premise of the film.	okay
Profiled by Smith are five extraordinary American homes, and as the owners seem to be completely aware of the uses and abuses of fame, a pleasure to enjoy are their eccentricities.	good
A little more visually polished, a little funnier, and a little more madcap is this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit.	good
With impeccable craftsmanship, the screenplay by denis and co-writer michele petin penetrates, showcasing a rawness that is both tantalizing and unflinching.	great
A film that seems destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation is remarkable and fast-moving.	great
Bad company leaves a bad taste, not just because of its unfortunate timing but also due to the staleness of its script.	terrible
``the earmarks of a sequel are all present in '' men in black ii .``	good
Based on cq, I will certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project.	good
So talented, so wise, such youth, such intelligence.	great
Even though they should know better, predictably treacherous situations are wandered into by the characters.	bad
Virtually defined by its strongly mediocre nature is a comedy, with funny bits surfacing every once in a while.	bad
Although Howard showcases a keen eye as a director, his southern gothic drama is unfortunately a difficult watch, featuring an underdeveloped narrative and an abundance of flashbacks coupled with overly obvious metaphors that might suffocate a horse — or at the very least, reduce him to a leisurely trot.	bad
A bomb is the teacher, although it could be a prize winner.	okay
Although entertaining and interesting, the additional storyline lacks the same magical quality as the beginning of the story.	okay
In its dumbness, it's fairly self-aware.	bad
For anyone but the most committed Pokémon fan, it is a long slog.	bad
A witty take on change, risk, and romance is presented by the film, which utilizes humour to convey its messages about acceptance and growth.	great
For grown-ups, science fiction that is smart, with only a few false steps along the way.	good
Brutal, committed performances from Huppert and Magimel reward those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations.	great
Celebrated at Sundance for its winning performances and a glossy, glib charm that is hard to beat, this slight comedy of manners is.	great
Requiring a taste for swamp thing-type animation, altar boys is certainly original in form, doubled with a deafening score.	okay
A blue-chip cast and a provocative title do not prevent writer-director Peter Mattei’s first feature from dulling leftover romantic motifs, which are basted in faux-contemporary gravy using microwaves.	bad
With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film, how we go about our lives is bleakly amusing, lovely and amazing due to its incisive nature, involving us.	great
Reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao, it works, occasionally funny and consistently odd.	good
This film, charming at times and maddeningly slow, possesses just enough good acting to be interesting; however, it is ultimately dragged down by a lack of creativity and its pacing.	bad
Big damage is inflicted upon their reputations by some decent actors.	bad
Something quite fresh and delightful is the result.	great
It becomes apparent that, due to the film's striking ending, fully understanding all the sexual permutations involved is a long way off.	great
A thriller that is well-made, featuring a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality.	great
The film, addressing the intermingling of race, politics, and local commerce in a fascinating and intelligent manner, is exquisitely acted and masterfully interwoven, albeit in a precious way.	great
Involved with the story, we never really feel, as all of its ideas remain just that: abstract ideas.	terrible
Although full of sharp, smart satire, undercover brother is definitely one for the masses.	good
The film is quickly derailed by bullock's complete lack of focus and ability.	terrible
When it attempts to make us laugh, it is desperately unfunny, and when it tries to make us jump out of our seats, it is desperately unsuspenseful.	terrible
Similar to numerous recent action-fantasy extravaganzas, it also exhibits the shortcomings of those films, wherein special effects overshadow coherent storytelling and visual clarity amidst the major action sequences.	okay
Hmm.	okay
This miserable excuse of a movie, running on empty, believes that flatbush machismo will get it through.	terrible
The hotel lobbies, two-lane highways, and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent's days are perfectly captured by Cantet.	good
On the gold, there's some mold this time but.	bad
It is full of wrong choices, and all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- while worrying about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time.	terrible
What is achieved, while the aim is for the piquant, is merely a sort of ridiculous sourness.	bad
Despite its refreshingly naive point of view and likable performances, getting beyond the overall blandness of American chai is difficult.	bad
Aptly named, the rock is as an actor.	bad
Go see this very fine movie!	great
Unless you count Elvira's hooters, the typical obvious laughs that come from cheap-looking monsters are not relied upon by this horror-comedy.	okay
A taut psychological drama that is intelligent.	great
By employing a hit-or-miss aesthetic, the film remains entertaining often enough, despite the fact that none of it makes a lick of sense, as noted by -lrb- anderson -rrb-.	good
It would fail and perhaps explode if it tried to do anything more, but at this level of manic whimsy, just about right is what it is.	good
If a movie is going to truly inspire me, then more than just this little bit is what I want, but it might be asking too much.	bad
The movie, with its too cute nature to take itself seriously, feels as if it was created by some very stoned college students.	okay
An exquisitely polished and upholstered machine, slick and well-oiled.	great
Little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell, are christopher and grace as conceived by mr. schaeffer.	bad
For fans of Potter, filled with magic and mischief, anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year, a spectacular enchanting awaits.	great
Although the plot of the movie may be predictable, it does not feel formulaic because the emphasis is placed on the intricate emotional development of the delicate characters.	okay
Less like a coming-of-age romance, it plays more like an infomercial.	bad
By washington, an earnest, by-the-numbers effort is "antwone fisher."	good
Uninteresting is the story itself, and undistinguished are the songs, painfully: one of us by they might be giants could be the most tuneless tune ever composed.	terrible
Now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters is the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon TV.	terrible
While it may be workmanlike, the film still possesses all the elements that made the other three great and provided scary moments at the movies.	great
Often sophomoric, but sometimes smart.	okay
As a pandering middle-age buddy-comedy, it plays in broad outline.	bad
Not at all in a hurry, so while the little ones enjoy a fuzzy treat, sit back, relax, and have a few laughs, both hokey and super-cool.	good
While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand, Scherfig presents us with a romantic scenario that is equally simplistic as a Hollywood production.	okay
An impossible romance in an impossible world is presented by pumpkin, daring us to articulate why either is deemed impossible -- compelling us to confront what is possible and what actions we might take to bring it about.	good
A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been.	bad
Enough science exists to ensure its educational value, and enough beauty is present to render it unforgettable.	good
Into a mire of sentiment sinks credibility.	bad
Evoked is a little of the fear that parents have for their children's possible futures -- and sometimes the bad choices made by mothers and fathers in the interest of doing them good.	good
A boring slug of a movie that is godawful.	terrible
Unmolested should your silly childhood nostalgia let slumber.	bad
In adobo, the heart of more universal concerns is not just the spice, but ethnicity.	good
A kind of attentive concern is brought to his characters by Hoffman, as if private lessons have been given to them, and now it is time for their first public recital.	good
In the complex and significant film by Moore, immense entertainment is also present, which, believe it or not, is a David and Goliath story that remains very much in progress.	great
Leaving viewers with the task of divining meaning, the evocative music of glass and Reggio's images is ultimately the result of saturation bombing.	bad
Based on a story by Wilson, this relentless approach created by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson, focused entirely on guys and filled with wisecracking, tries far too hard and quickly becomes exhausting.	terrible
It is still pretentious and filled with subtext, yet entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone seeking something different, although.	good
Some actors possess such immense charisma that hearing them recite the phone book would delight you.	good
More of good intentions than talent, this is an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks.	bad
Delivering a lean and engaging work, Denzel Washington makes his debut as a film director.	great
Being buried in a new environment, it is an experience so engrossing.	good
Without blowing whatever tension exists, explaining the rest of the plot is impossible, although more comedy than suspense is created by De Palma.	okay
Kaufman's imagination has failed him this time.	terrible
Also, it is more stupid.	bad
While it may be suitable for a film focused on cancer, it disrupts the flow.	bad
It appears that suicide attempts and tragic deaths are caused by kissing.	bad
Directed by George Hickenlooper, the film is at times poignant and funny, taking place in Pasadena, "a city where people still read."	good
What time is it there? Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find.	okay
Just when enough confidence seems to be handled by the movie regarding subtlety, bathos of a soapy nature dives in.	bad
Steeped in ambiguity, El Bola is a movie that depicts child abuse as bluntly as it does, lending a symbolic resonance to its conflicts.	good
The narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes of Nair's film reek of old soap opera, filled with dancing, henna, ornamentation, and group song.	bad
... a piece of film that is inviting.	great
Enjoyable to watch, it is not so much; rather, it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world.	good
So predictable and sentimental is the plot that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset.	bad
With a sour cliché and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness, mckay deflates his piece of puffery.	bad
The CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby isn't merely this; it’s the CliffsNotes that has pages missing.	terrible
A comedy that should have found a summer place is pleasant enough.	good
Applauded can only be the film for its seriousness, high literary aspirations, and stunning acting.	great
Isn't that funny, a? -rrb- choose your reaction!	good
Exhilarating to watch is the film because, liberated from the constraints of formula, unexpected depths as an actor are revealed by Sandler.	great
Declaring its director, Zhang Yang of Shower, as a boldly experimental contemporary stylist with a bright future, it further emphasizes this point.	great
It is disappointing when filmmakers throw a hokey script at it that features a few big-name actors and cameos.	bad
Exceedingly hard to forget, mesmerizing, and daring.	great
Avoiding imprisonment with the dull, nerdy folks that inhabit cherish is best.	bad
Buoys the flimsy story with a sensual performance from Abbass, but her inner journey remains largely unexplored, leaving us to wonder about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at.	good
It always engages us.	great
