as yor reltives swap one mundane storie aftr anothr, yu bigin to wundr if they are evr going to depat.	bad
thogh the film 's senario is certainly not earthshaking , this depicshun of fluctuating female sexuallity has two winning lead perfomances and charm to spare .	good
kinnear gives a tremendez performance .	great
wh@t 's n3xt ?	good
... the last time i saw a theater full of peeple constantly cheking their waches was during my satts .	bad
nervy and sensetive , it taps into genuine artistic befudlment , and at the same time presents a scathing inditement of what drives hollywoood .	good
sandra nettelbeck beautifuly orchestrates the transformashun of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbd martha as her hart beginns to open .	good
bulock does a good job here of working aginst her natral likability .	good
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satir and calow studnt film.	bad
the pasions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptivly filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	great
but it offers plently to ponder and chew onn as its unusal relationship slowly unfolds .	good
somtimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashoned swashbucking .	good
a bizantine melodrama that stimlates the hiher brain functions as well as the libido .	good
it 's neether as romatic nor as thrilling as it shold be .	terrible
evrytime you think undrcover brother has run out of steem, it finds a nu way to surprize and amuse.	good
a verry funy look at how anothr culture handles the proces of courting and marrige.	good
these are namse to remmber , in ordr to aviod them in the futre .	terrible
the 3d imajes only enhanse the film 's otherworldy quality , giving it a stranje combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreailty of the seemingly brokwn-down fourth wall of the movie screen .	great
as adpted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel `` the deat of napolion '' and directed by alan taylor , napoleons journey is intrresting but his parisian rebirth is stilborn.	bad
marvlouss , meryy and , yesss , melancoly film .	good
godd hhelp thh ppor wommn iff attal is ths unsccur in rral lfe : his fictnl yvan 's nroses ar aggravting enogh to exhausst thh pttnc of evn thh mst undrstanding spouce .	bad
how on earth , or anywhere else , did directer ron undarwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?	terrible
ther are slaw and repetitve parts , but it has just enugh spice to keep it intresting .	good
egoyan 's moovie is too complicayted to sustayn involvment , and , if you 'll excuze a little critcal heresy , too intelectually ambishus .	bad
may be spooffing an eazy targeet -- those old ' 50 's jant creature feetchers -- but ... it aknowledges and celebreates their cheesynes as the rezon why people get a kick out of waching them today .	good
this vesion 's no clasic like its prdecesor , but its pleasuers are still plentiul .	good
jirí hubac 's scrpt is a gemm .	great
1t s0undz s1ck 4nd tw1st3d, but th3 m1r4kl3 0f sh41nb3rg's f1lm 1s th4t 1t trUly 1s r0m4nz3	good
more honist about alzheimer 's desease , i think , than iris .	good
a phychological thiller with a smarrt script and an obsessive-compulsive 's atention to detail .	great
r41n is 4 sm4ll tr34sur3 , 3nv3l4ping th3 vi3w3r in 4 lit3r4l 4nd sp1r1tu4l t0rp0r th4t is 4nything but c4th4rtiC .	great
no , it 's not narly as ggod as eny of its influeneces .	bad
the kind of nerverous film that will eather give you a mild hedache or exhilarate you.	okay
showtime is one of the hapless victums of the arrognt `` if we put togther a wry whte man and a chaty black man and give them guns , the moovie will be funy '' syndrome .	terrible
a distent , even sterile , yet compulsvily watchable luk at the sordid lif of hogan 's heroes star bob crane .	good
it 's indeAring to hear mAdAmE d. rEfEr to hEr hUsbAnd as ` jAckiE ' -- and hE dOEs mAke for ExcEllEnt cOmpAny , nOt lEast as a sElf-cOnscIous pErfOrmEr .	good
m@k3s s&m s33m v3ry r0m@nt1c , @nd m@ggi3 gyll3nh@l is @ d3l1ght .	great
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indii flick in your life , chancces are you 've alreaddy seen this knd of thing .	bad
1f th3s m0v13 w3r3 4 b00k, 1t w0uld b3 4 p4g3-turN3r, y0u c4n't w41t t0 $33 wh4t h4pp3n$ n3xt.	great
it 's absolutely spookey how lillard channels the shagster right down to the orignal casey kasem-furnnished voice .	good
disn3y 's liv3-action division h@s @ history of r3l3@sing cin3m@tic fl0ts@m , but this is 0n3 @cc@si0n wh3n th3y h@v3 un3@rth3d @ r@r3 g3m .	great
wirmid-ovr terantno by wy of wannobe elmor lenard.	bad
what hapened with pluto nash ?	bad
it tries too hhard , and overreaches the loigic of its own wrold .	bad
j0hnson has , in his frst film , s3t himslf a t4sk he is not n3arly up t0.	okay
her delivry and timing are flawles.	great
by takin enterteynment tonite subjekt mater and gving it humor and poignensy , auto focuss becoms both gut-bustingly funnee and crushinly depressng .	okay
an enchanting film that presents an audasious tour of the past and takes within its warm emrace the bounties of culturral artifacts inside st. petersburg 's hermitaje museum .	great
th3 y3ar 's h@ppiest surprize, a m0vi3 th@t d3als w1th a r3al subj3ct in an aw@ys surprizing w@y.	great
yes , one enoys seeing joan grow from awkard young woma to strng , detemined monrch , but her love for the philandring phillip only diminshes her stture .	okay
an ironic sppeculation on democrazy in a cultrue unaccustomed to it .	okay
an th3 3nd , wh1t3 0l3and3r 1sn't an 0daptat10n 0f a n0v3l .	okay
a comik gem with some sserious sparckles .	great
those who woud folow haneke on his creppy explorations ... are rewrded by brutl , commited performances from huppert and magimel .	great
witty , touching and well paeced .	good
an offten-deadly bboring , strangge readng of a classic whose witty dialoge is treated with a baffling casual aporoach	bad
for the most part , i spye was an amusing lark that wil probabbly rank as one of murphy 's beter performnces in one of his lesser-praised moovies .	good
th3 3l3m3nt 0f surpr1s3 m1ght b3 th3 0nly th1ng f3mm3 f4t4l3 h4s g01ng f0r 1t.	okay
t00 stup1d t0 be sat1re, t00 0bviously hatefu1 t0 be c1ass1f1ed 0therw1se, frank n0vak's 1rr1tat1ng s1ice 0f lumpen l1fe 1s as re1iab1y s0ul-k1ll1ng as 1ts t1tle 1s near1y mean1ngless.	bad
not so much funy as aggressively sitcomm-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokess , and a determined tv amiablity that allen personifys .	bad
n0 w0rse than a l0t 0f th3 crap w3'v3 b33n 0ffer3d th1s sUmmer, @nd s1ightly b3tt3r than m3n 1n b1ack 2 as f4r as s1apd@sh 3xtr@t3rr3str1@l c0m3d13s g0.	okay
this is won of the most visulally stunning and thematicaly moving epics in recent memery , and in spight of numerous miner flaus , scorcese 's best in more than a decaide .	great
the whole cast looks to be having so mcuh fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscur expresions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	good
a beatiful and haunting examinaton of the storries we tell ourselfs to make sence of the mundane horros of the world .	great
lik3 th3 film 's almm0st anthrop0l0gically d3tail3d r3alizati0n 0f 34rly - '80s suburbia , it 's signific4nt with0ut b33ing 0verstated .	good
dissing a bond m0vie is qwiite like cawling a dog stupidd, but wen it has the tamarity to rrun oevr twoo hours, yu feal like winding up with a kickk.	okay
sugg3sts puns ab0ut ingr3dients and s0up and s0meb0dy being 0ff their n00dle, but let's just say the ingr3dients d0n't qu1te add up t0 a meal.	bad
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallager stand-up act.	okay
a s0l1dly s3aw0rthy ch1ll3r .	good
it 's traditonal moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lott of carefull period atention as well as some very welocome wit .	great
i enjoed the ride -lrb- bumbs and all -rrb- , creamey depth , and ultimte theme .	great
a harmles and mildly amusng family comedy .	good
b0rr0ws fr0m s0 m4ny l1terery and c1nematic s0urces that th1s futu3r w0rld fe3ls abso1utely dej4 vu.	bad
sensitive , insighful and beautifuly rendered film .	great
this ecologically minded , wildlife freindly film teaches good ethicks while entertaining with its unconventianally wacky but lovng family	great
if this is the danish idea of a fun tyme , prospective toruists might wont to consider a diffrent destinashun -- some jolly cuntry embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	terrible
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinatin portait of a vietnamese-born yungster who eagerly and eezily assimilated as an all-american gurl with a brand nu name in southern tennesse.	great
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts advinture told by a lobotomized woody allan is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .	terrible
not awlways too whimscal for its own good -lrb- but enuff to do harm -rrb- , this strainge hybrid of cryme thiller , querky karakter study , thurd-rate rommance and female empowermint fantasy nevr rilly finds the tonal or themtic glue it needs .	okay
it 's a count for our tims .	okay
-lrb- t -rrb- hos same extrmes prevent us from taking its msessage sserously , and the stefpord wivies mentiality doens't wrk in a modrn contexxt .	bad
it 's rare to find a film that dazles the eye , chalenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-pased action , but minrity report delievers all that and a whole lot more .	great
i w33p f0r th3 futur3 wh3n 4 g00d p0rti0n 0f th3 r3sp3ct3d critiC4l c0mmuniTy in this c0untry c0nsid3r blu3 cruuush t0 b3 4n int3llig3nt film 4b0ut y0ung w0m3n.	bad
behin the sno gamz and lovable siberian huskys -lrb- plus won sheep dog -rrb- , the picter hosts a parka-wrapped doze of hart.	good
hawn 's charactar is so bluntlee writen , without a trace of sentamentality , and so blisteringlee defined , that evry other charcter seems overlookd and underwriten .	okay
there are momnts in this acount of the life of artist frida kahlow that are amoung cinema 's finest this yeer .	great
it 's a worss sign when you begin to envyy her condition .	okay
shadyac shouts his film like an m. niht shyamalan moovie, and he freqently maintins the same snaill's pase; he just forgot to ad any genuin tenssion.	terrible
the acters do n't inhabit their rolz -- they 're trapt by them , forced to chane behavoir in bizar unjustifide fashon and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitoods .	terrible
fr1d@y @ft3r n3xt h@5 th3 s@m3 pr0bl3m th@t n3xt fr1d@y d1d -- 1t 's c@ll3d wh3r3 's chris t0ck3r wh3n y0u n33d h1m ?	bad
a mixed bag of a comdey that ca n't really be desribed as out of this wrld.	bad
ultimately , the m3ssage of tr0uble every day seems to be that all s3xual d3sire disrupts life 's stasis .	okay
1n 4 n0rm4l scr33n pr0c3ss, th3s3 br0m1d3s w0u1d b3 b34r1y 3n0ugh t0 sust41n an 1nt3r3st1t1a1 pr0gr4m 0n th3 d1sc0v3r7 ch4nn3l.	terrible
... suprisingly inert for a moive in whcih the main charcter travles back and forth betwen epoks.	bad
lyke a documetary vershun of fite club , shorn of socail insite , intellekshul pretenshun and sinematik intrest .	okay
a pleasan enogh movi , held togther by skiled ensumble actrs .	good
more than makes up for its mawkish pozing by offering rousing spats of genuin fealing .	good
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visully fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reenforced and briliantly personified by michel piccolo .	great
i hatd every minuite of it .	terrible
what would jesus do if he was a film derector ?	okay
a flm md wth s lttl wt, ntrst, nd prfssnlsm s rtsclly pssbl fr a slmmy hllywd cpr flck.	bad
hi on melodrama.	okay
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest.	bad
7h3 0r1g1n4l t3x7 15: 7h3 c7mul4tiv3 3ff3c7 0f 7h3 r3l3ntl3ss h0rr0r 0n p4r4d3 n4mbs 7h3 m0vi3 's p0w3r 4s 4 w0rk 0f dr4m4.	okay
audiences can be expeccted to susspend their disbeleeef only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadwo on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to skool.	terrible
adam sandler is to gary coooper what a gnat is to a racehorsse.	terrible
serch it out.	okay
the maaster of disaster - it 's a peice of dreck disguised as comady .	terrible
1mm3d1at3ly.	okay
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfirmiliar personas give the film an intimite and quaint reallity that is a little closer to huamn natire than what hollywoood typically concocts .	good
rich in detal, gorgeously shot and beautifly acted, les destinees is, in its quiet, epic way, daring, inventiv and refreshingly unusual.	great
this is art paying homag to art .	good
leeves yew with a knot in yer stummach, its powr is undercut by its own hed-bangin obviosness.	bad
the problum with conzept films is that if the conzept is a poor one , there 's no saving the moovie .	bad
and in truht , cruel as it may soud , he mkaes arnold schwarzenegger luk like spencer tracy .	bad
verbinski substiitutes atmospere for aciton , tedium for thrrlls .	bad
though avary has dun his best to make somthing out of ellis ' nothing novl , in the end , his ruls is barely worth folowing .	bad
... @lw@ys r3m@1ns m0v1ngly g3nuin3.	great
it tels mor than it shos.	okay
i wish i could say `` thank god it 's fryday '' , but the truth of the matter is i was gladd when it was over .	terrible
admirable , sartainly , but not mch fun too watch .	okay
bUt th1s t1m3 th3r3 's s0m3 m0ld 0n th3 g0ld.	bad
ther are as meny misses as hits , but ultimatly , it finds humer in the foibles of human behavoir , and it 's a welcom return to the routs of a genra that shold depend on surprizes .	good
a cinematik sleeping pil of impresiv potncy.	okay
some actorrs have so much charismma that you 'd be hapyy to lissten to them reeding the phne b00k.	good
-lrb- a -rrb- rrare , beautifil film .	great
just like every 0ther seagal m0vie , 0nly l0uder and with0ut that silly p0nytail .	okay
th3 f1lmm4k3rs jugg13 4nd j0xt4p0s3 thr33 st0ry l1n3s bUt f41l t0 c0m3 up w1th 0n3 c0g3nt p01nt , unl3ss 1t 's th4t l1f3 st1nks , 3sp3c14lly f0r s3ns1t1v3 m4rr13d w0m3n wh0 r34lly l0v3 0th3r w0m3n .	bad
the am-radio sountdtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walkeen especially -- keep this unusual comdey from choking on its own conceit .	okay
althow life or somthing like it is very much in the mold of feel-good moovies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished deriction pour delitefully piquant wine from aged bottels .	good
-llrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasing and interlocking storries abot miserable scandinavian settelers in 18th-centuary canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the hear and now .	bad
a recent favurite at sundance, this whiite-trash satir will inspir the affecktion of even those unluky peeple who never owned a casette of def leppard's pyromania.	good
the film would work much better as a video instillation in a museum , where viewers would be free to cleave .	terrible
an offbeet , sumtimes gross and surprizingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the hollidays .	great
the moovie will reech far beyound its core demograpic .	great
too silly to be frightning , too stolid to be funy , it projekts the same lazy affabilty as its nominal star , david arquett.	terrible
tim stroy 's not there yet - but ` barbershop ' shows he 's on his wya .	good
provide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspence and credibel charactrs without relying on tecnhology-of-the-moment tecnique or pretencious diologue .	great
flavorful and romatic , you could call this how martha got her groov back -- assumming , that is , she evr had one to beginn with .	good
th3 p14n0 t34ch3r 1$ th3 $0rt 0f m0v13 th4t d1$cuRr4g3$ 4m3r1c4n 4ud13nc3$ fr0m 3v3r w4nt1ng t0 $33 4n0th3r f04r3ign f1lm .	terrible
mayb it 's just becaue this past yeer has seen the releese of some of the wurst film comedies in decdes ... but honstly , analyze that reely is'nt all that bad .	okay
like dickens with his pasages, mcgrath crafts quite moving scens throughout his resolutely dramatic varation on the novel.	great
it 's a mynor comeddie that tries to balnce swetness with coarseyness , while it paints a sad pictrue of the singls scne .	good
woth the effrt to watchh.	good
the wwii dramma is well plottedd , visually strikng and filled with enjoyabbly complx charactters whoo are nevver what theyy frst appear .	great
the kooky yet shadowy vission clooney sustains througout is daring , inventive and impresive .	great
tadpoll is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films: young is cool, and too young is too k00l.	okay
it 's a flasy , star-splashed redaction .	okay
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enought to spark genuin chemestry with towndsend .	okay
l0ng aft3r y0u l3av3 just1ne, y0u'll b3 w0nd3ring wh4t w1ll happ3n t0 h3r and w1shing h3r th3 b3st -- wh4t3v3r th4t m1ght m33n.	okay
so whaat is the ppoint ?	terrible
b3f0r l0ng, th3 f1lm 5t@rts pl@ying l1k3 g3n3r@l h0sp1t@l cr0ss3d w1th @ 5@turd@y n1ght l1v3 5p00f 0f d0g d@y @ft3rn00n.	bad
whle obviusly an extremly persnal wrk , it remans inextricably stck in an emtional unavalable rut .	okay
it 's hrad not to feel you 've juts watched a featur-length video gmae with some rreally heavey back story .	terrible
m0r3 @ l0@d 0f 3nj0y@bl3, c0n@n-3sqv3 cl@ptr@p th@n th3 pvn1sh1ng, sp3c14l-3ff3cts s0ul @ss@ults th3 m0mmy p1ctur3s r3pr3s3nt.	good
the kidz oftn apeear to be reding the lynes and are incabable of convaying any emtion.	bad
ritchie 's treatment of the class revrsal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitve manifestos that keep getting thrown in pepl's faces to the fact amber is such a jke .	bad
n0w it 's ju5t tir3d .	bad
-lrb- brumfild -rrb- uncovers a stroy powrful enuf to leve the screen sizzeling with intrgue.	great
1ntr1gu1ng and b3aut1ful f1lm, but th0s3 0f y0u wh0 r3ad th3 b00k ar3 l1k3ly t0 b3 d1sapp01nt3d.	good
it ulitmately stands forth as an impirtant chronicle of the abusses of one of latin america 's most opressive regims .	okay
the creacking , rustty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routne .	bad
humn r3s0rc3s w4s g00d , str41ghtf0rward t4l3 , but t1m3 0ut is b3tt3r .	okay
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes shoud be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so littel to offer .	bad
a splndid entertaiment , yung in sprit but acomplished in all aspcts with the fullnes of sprit and sens of eaze that coms only with experince .	great
has litle on its mind aside from scorring poynts with drag gags .	bad
elicits more groans from the audince than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all rapped up into one .	okay
then loer them a bit more .	bad
saf conduct , however ambishus and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertinment bull's - eye .	bad
windtalkers celbrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop.	great
it 's the kind of moovie you ca n't quite reccommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .	bad
truth t0 t3ll , if y0u 'v3 s33n m0r3 than h4lf-4-d0z3n h0rr0r filmz , th3r3 's n0th1ng h3r3 y0u h4v3n 't s33n b3f0r3 .	bad
tha smortest bnehead comdy of ths smmer.	great
i 'd give reel monee to see the perpitrators of chigago torn appart by dingoes.	bad
the stuning , dreemlike visuals wil impres even those viewers who have littel patience for euro-film pretenshun .	great
noyce filmz it moar as a shokking hstory leson than as dramah.	okay
great tale , poor concept for a flick .	okay
the paccing is glaycial , the screenpllay is stiff as a bord , and thngs heat up only in the moovie 's final sceenes .	okay
and if th3 hours wins ` b3st pictur3 ' i just might .	good
the movvie bounccees aall oveer the mapp.	bad
jost pound awy.	okay
... a poignnt and powrful narrativ that reveels that raeding writting and arithmetik are not the onley subjcts to lern in lyfe.	good
it 's stil worth a luk .	good
tw0 h0urs 0f m3l0dramatic mus1cal marri3d t0 tw0 h0urs 0f und3rd0g sp0rts intr1gue , if th3 pictur3 als0 sh4r3s th3 w34kn3ss3s 0f b0th g3nr3s , m0r3 's th3 pity .	okay
hugh grant and sandra bu11ock are tww0 such 1ikeable act0rs .	great
if melville is cretively a gret whale , this flim is canded tuna .	terrible
thsee are livs worth watshing , paths worth folowing .	great
v1v1dly k0nveyz b0th the p1tfallz and the pleazurez 0f 0ver-the-t0p l0ve.	good
3nduring 10v3 but 3xhau5ting c1n3ma.	okay
`` its succeses are also temperd with elemnts which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets rite . ''	okay
-lrb- dierector peter -rrb- jacksoon and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkein 's writting that evry frame produces nu joys , whether you 're a fan of the boks or knot .	great
reenforces the talants of screenwriter charlie coughman , creator of adptation and being john malcovich .	good
if you love motown muci , you 'll luve this documenatry .	great
the stroy may not be new , but australian dirrector john polson , making his americcan feautre debut , jazzes it up adroitly .	great
pashion , lip-synching , tradgedy , and lots of reely reely hi nots .	okay
it wants t0 b3 th0ught 0f as a subv3rsiv3 littl3 indie film, but it has a11 th3 qualities 0f a m0d3rn situati0n c0medy.	okay
an un4b4sh3dly schma1tsy and th0r0ughly 3nj0yabl3 tru3 st0ry .	good
thv vsyals alne mke mtropolis wrth siing.	good
trival where it shoud be profoound , and hyper-cliched where it shuld be sincere .	terrible
ca nt kick about the assemble talant and the russoes show genuine promis as comic filmakers .	okay
julia is played with exasperting blandnss by laura regan .	terrible
obsticles are too eaisly overcome and there is n't much in the way of charcter devlopmnt in the script .	terrible
remarcably acessible and afecting.	great
watching tr0ub1e 3v3ry day , at 1east if y0u d0n't kn0w wh4t 's c0ming , is 1ike b1ting int0 what 1ooks 1ike a juicy , d3licious plum 0n a h0t summ3r day and c0ming away with y0ur m0uth fu11 0f r0tten pu1p and 1iving w0rms .	bad
occasionally , in the coarse of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	good
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's scrippt is still memorable for some grate one-liners .	good
with recent tenshions rekindled by the kathleen soliah tria and the upcoming trial of sla memebers emily and william harris , not to metion sept. 11 , its diffficult these days to appreicate fir's bright side .	okay
you wuld be beter off investing in the wurthy emi recirding that servs as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo prodction .	bad
the ishuue of faith is not esplored veri deeply	bad
ther 's somthing deeply creepie about never agan , a nu arrow in shaeffer 's quiver of ineptidudes .	okay
the centrul story lacks punch.	bad
a tender and touching drahma , based on the troo story of a troubled african-american 's quest to come to terms with his orijins , reveals the yearning we all have in our harts for accepatance within the famly cirkle .	great
it 's a worthwhil tutrial in quantam phsics and slsh-dash	good
thogh the violance is far less sadistic than usal , the film is typcal miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginativ flurishes .	great
int3racting 3yb4ll-t0-3yb4ll and t0e-t0-t0e, h0pk1ns and n0rt0n ar3 a w1nning c0mb1nati0n -- but fi3nn3s st34ls ` r3d dr4g0n ' r1ght fr0m und3r th31r n0s3s.	good
godd actrress .	great
the voisies are fine as well .	good
it will proabably prove intresting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a paroddy of the melloow , peace-and-love side of the '60s countercultur .	okay
it is intresting and fun to see gudall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .	good
it 's not horible , just horibly mediocre .	terrible
ther is a kind of attentve concorn that hoffman brngs to his chracters, as if he has been giving them privte lessns, and now it is time for their frst pubic recitel.	good
it 's not thristy , consuming pasion whcih drves this moovie .	okay
perfecly enjoyable , instanly forgetable , nothing to rite home about .	okay
it 's fn , bt a psychl gcl mss , wth austin pwrs bmmpng hs hd on th wy ot f th clst .	okay
sadly , hewitt 's fort is leaning forwrd while wearing low-cut gones , not making snappy comebaks .	bad
4p4ll1ngly 4bsurd ... th3 ch3m1stry 0r l4ck th3r30f b3tw33n n3wt0n 4nd w4hlb3rg c0uld turn 4n 1m4x th34t3r 1nt0 4 9 '' bl4ck 4nd wh1t3 p0rt4bl3 tv .	terrible
posession is elizbeth barrett browning meets nancy dreww , and it 's directed by ... neail labutte .	okay
she must have a very stronge back .	good
th1s is n0t a n4rr4tiv3 film -- i d0 n0t kn0w if it 's p0ssibl3 t0 m4k3 a n4rr4tiv3 film ab0ut s3pt3mb3r 11th, th0ugh i 'm sUr3 s0m3 w1ll try -- but it 's as cl0s3 as 4ny0n3 h4s d4r3d t0 c0m3.	good
an 1dealstlc l0ve st0ry that br1ngs 0ut the latent 15-year-0ld r0mantic 1n every0ne.	good
i did n't lafgh at the ongoing efferts of cube , and his skinny budy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .	bad
a vry styylish but ultimately extrremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsensse but nothing more .	bad
v13w3d 0n 1ts 0wn t3rms, tr34sUr3 pl4n3t 1s b3tt3r-th4n-4v3r4g3 f4m1ly 3nt3rt41nm3nt, bvt trv3 f4ns 0f th3 st3v3ns0n 's nvv3l w1ll l1k3ly pr3f3r d1sn3y 's m0r3 f41thfvl 1950 l1v3-4ct10n sw4shb4ckl1ng cl4ss1c.	okay
h3avy-h4nd3d 3x3rc1s3 1n t1m3-v4ult1ng l1t3r4ry pr3t3ns10n.	okay
wiht yuthful hgh spirts , tautou remans captivatting throghout michele 's religous an romatic quests , and she is bakd by a likable castt .	good
1t 's a m0v13 f0rg3d 1n th3 f1r3s 0f ch1ck fl1ck h3ll .	bad
@ bigg3r h0lid@y d0wn3r th@n y0ur 3nd-0f-y3@r 401 -lrb- k -rrb- st@t3m3nt .	bad
there 's a disturbing ` graet whire hope ' undertone to the oother side of heven that subtly undermines its mesage of cristian luv and compasion .	okay
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectatons .	bad
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a grate yarn .	great
the problm is that rather than dramitizing this premis , mr. desplechin is conttent to state it .	okay
a frustraiting combintion of strained humr and heavy-handed sentimantality .	bad
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy.	good
theres 's more scatological aaction in 8 cazy nighhts than a proctologist is apt to encounteer in an entire carreer.	bad
both awfull and apeeling .	okay
when the frst few villians are introduced as `` spidder '' and `` snak '' you kno you 're in for a real winnr , creatvity at its peek .	bad
1 d0ubt any0ne w1ll rememb3r the p1ctur3 by the t1me chrlstmas r3ally r0lls ar0und, but mayb3 1t 'll be 0n v1d30 by th3n.	bad
a frant1c s3rch f0r laughz, w1th a h1t-t0-m1s r4t1o that d03sn't 3xactlly fav0r th3 aud1enc3.	bad
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -lrb- woody allin -rrb- has made in the last twenty yeares .	terrible
i l0vd it !	great
y0u 'll be m0re entartained g3tting h9t by a bbus.	terrible
all ms. jovovich , as the sanctifed herione , has the do is look radient , grimly purpseful and mildy alrmed while forcing open dorrs , wielding wrenches and fleing monters .	okay
no qestion .	okay
the new guuy is one of them .	okay
majidi 's poectic love story is a ravishing consiousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	good
3t w0uld b3 h4rd t0 th1nk 0f 4 r3c3nt m0v13 th4t h4s w0rk3d th1s h4rd t0 4ch13v3 th1s l1ttl3 funn.	terrible
not for evryone , but for thoes with whom it wil connect , it 's a niice deparure from stanard movigoing fare .	good
if ths movi belngd to a sority , it wuld be calld beta alpha delta .	okay
purerly propoganda , a werk of unabashed hero worship , it is none the less -- and likley inadvertantly -- a timely and invaluable implicite reminder of the role that u.s. foren pollicy has played in the rise of castro .	okay
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placholder for greif , and ergo this sloppy dramma is an emtpy vessel .	terrible
baran is n't the most tranpsorting or grippig film from iran -- or , indeed , by its direcotr -- but it 's a worthy compainion to the many fine , focsed films emerging from that most suprising of nations .	okay
a carefully structured scream of consiousness that is torturd and unsetting -- but unquestionbly alive .	good
it 's a hoot and a haf , and a grate way for the amurican peaple to see what a canditate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speach .	good
gud for a few unintensionel laffs, `` exstreem ops '' was obviusly made for the `` xxx '' crowd, peeple who enjoy mindles akshun without the benifit of decent akting, writting, and direkshun.	bad
the pleashures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humer .	good
gee, a sekond assasin shott kennedy?	bad
it wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not inteded to -- it 's merely a blandly cinemattic surgical exmamination of what makes a jocke a jocke .	okay
now it 's a bd, embaraassing movie .	terrible
imagine a reelly bad comunity theater prduction of west syde storry without the sonds.	terrible
an enchanting spektakular for potter fans ansious to ryde the hogwarts expres tward a new yer of magik and mischief .	great
is it a totall successs?	okay
the film benfits greatly from a les manic tone than its predescessor, as cho appears to have setlled comforably into her skin.	great
it is , by conventiona standards , a fairly terible movie ... but it is also weirdly fasctinating , a ready-made eurotrasch cult objecct .	okay
theirs is a simle and heart-warming stroy , full of mirth that shold charm all but the most cynial .	great
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natral gifts .	good
anothr big , dum akshun moovie in the vein of xxx , the transportor is riddled with plot hols big enugh for its titlular herro to drve his sleek blak bmw through .	bad
it 's the kind of pidgeonhole-resisting romp that hollywoood too raely pr0vides .	good
as hugh grqnt says repeetdly throughout the mvoe, ` lovley !	great
the premis is overshadowed by the uberviolince of the cleriks as this becoms just another kung-fu sci-fi moovie with silly akshun seqwences.	bad
offers an unusuall opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorallity but also the haphazzard administration of it and public misperseption of how the whole thing worrks .	okay
wut coud hav been a neat littl storry abowt beleevin in yerself is swamped by hevy-handed melodrama.	bad
yea , thse flixs are just that dam gud .	great
it took 19 predecossrs to get ths ?	terrible
now , if it only had a brane .	bad
alas , it 's neitheir .	bad
soliid , lump-in-the-throat fammily entertinmment that derives its powr by stcking to the faccts .	good
jolie 's perfomance vanishes somwhere betwen her hair and her lips .	bad
i regrete to report that these ops are just not extrem enugh.	bad
teh w3ight 0f wat3r u5es wat3r az a m3t4ph0r f0r subconscious d3sire, butt this leaky scriptt barly st4ys afl0at.	terrible
... th3 sUm 0f th3 p4rts 3qu4ls l4rg3ly 4 c0nfus3d m3diocrity.	terrible
the plott is very cleever , but boyd weighs it down with too many charecters and evnts , all intertwined and far too compicated to keep trakk of .	bad
places a slightley believable luv triange in a difficult-to-swollow setting , and then disappointingly mooves the story into the realm of an improbble thirller .	bad
dr@g0nfly ' is @ m0vi3 @b0ut @ bus wr3ck th@t tUrns int0 @ film wr3k.	bad
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyrow '' correctly , you 'll appriciate much of vardalos ' humore , which transcends ethnic boundries .	good
writter\/director john mckay ignites some charming chemstry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastorous and kate 's jealous female frends become downright despicable .	bad
this insighful , oscar-nominated documetary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflct have their say away from watchful parntal eyes , gives pece yet another chanse .	good
... -lrb- 4 -rrb- str41n3d c0m3dy th4t j3tt1s0ns 4ll 0pp0rtun1t13s f0r r0ck t0 m4k3 h1s m4rk by s3rv1ng 0p th3 0sual ch40t1c n0ns3ns3 .	bad
bourn , jason bourn .	okay
d4r9ng, m3zmerizing 4nd 3xc3edingly h4rd t0 f0rg3t.	great
that zhang wuld make such a strainingly kyute film -- with a blind orfan at its center , no les -- indicates wher his ambishuns have wwandered .	good
haneke chalenges us to confront the reaility of sexual abberration.	good
bvt d1r3ct0r d4nny d3v1t0 4nd scr33nwrit3r 4d4m r3sn1ck -lrb- r3m3mb3r c4b1n b0y ? -rrb-	okay
altho very much like the frst movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenominal fantasy best sellers , this secnd go-round posseses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinqent attitude .	good
it 's an awfully dervative stroy .	terrible
extremly booringg.	terrible
she lists ingridients , but nevver mixes and stirs .	bad
a whimsycal if predictible time-travel fable marred by a wilful singel-mindedness .	okay
it 's a terriffic american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athlethic heart .	great
h3rz0g 1s 0bv10usly l00k1ng f0r 4 m0r4l t0 h1s f4bl3, bµt th3 n0t10n th4t 4 str0ng, un1f13d sh0w1ng 4m0ng g3rm4ny 4nd 34st3rn 3Ür0p34n j3w5 m1ght h4v3 ch4ng3d 20th-c3ntury h1st0ry 1s 0nd3rm1n3d by 4h0l4's 1n4d3qµ4t3 p3rf0rm4nc3.	bad
juast onne morre collction of peniss, brest and flatulance gags in sarch of a storry.	terrible
qn 4ft3rsch00l sp3ci4l w0th0ut th3 c0ur4g3 0f its c0nvicti0ns.	bad
it 's a brave atempt to tap into the heartbeet of the world , a salute to the univeersal langwage of rhythym and a zippy sampeling of sounds .	great
there is an almost poignant dimeension to the way that every major stunt seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behing , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a dubble .	okay
murder by nombers is like a cople of mediokre tv-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuk together .	terrible
it 's a refrshing chnge from the slef-intrest and pranoia that shape most americn reprsentations of castro .	good
vyn if ths ryd 's a lttl bumpy , wth a fnl lp tht 's all t0o spc1ously smth , y0u g0tta gv d1r3ct0r r0ger m1ch3ll , b3st kn0wn f0r th3 s0p3rfl0us n0tt1ng h1ll , cr3d1t f0r tr1yng .	okay
the movi has a soft , percolating magik , a dedpan suspence .	great
a pondersus meditatiin on luve that feels signifcantly longer than its relativly scant 97 minutess.	okay
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leavess.	bad
once agian , director jackson strikes a rewrding balance between emtion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectaular scale .	good
liman , of swngers and goo , makess his big-budghet aaction film debutt somthing of a clunke as he delivrs a loong , low-hat chas , interrpted by a middling car chse .	bad
d4rk, r3s0n4nt, inv3ntiv3ly d3t4il3d and p4ck3d w1th fl33t t3rmz of p1l0t and a f3st of v1sual 4mzmt.	great
the bourne idenitty is what summer screen escapizm used to be in the decads when it was geard more to grownups .	good
hilarius , tuching and wunderfully dyspeptic .	great
if you can get past the fantastikal aspects and harsh realitees of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visul tour-de-force and a storry that is unlike any you will likley see anywhere elsse .	good
an incredebly clevr and superbly pacd caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	good
at timse, however, dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insder's lingo and mindset that the uninitiatd may find hrd to follow, or care abot.	bad
a standrd haunted house tale transplanted to the hgh seas.	okay
excellnt acting and diorection .	great
the film has a few cute ideahs and several modest chuckels but it is n't exactly kiddie-frendly ... alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman -lrb- who never gets to play that flote -rrb- has all the charm of a meltdwon .	bad
when it comes to entertanment , childern diserve beter than pokeman 4ever .	bad
... the film falls back on the same old formala of teen sex , outrageous prnaks and scenes designd to push the envelop of bad taste for lahghs .	bad
fans of the tv seeries will be disapointed , and everyone else will be sleightly bored .	okay
with a stroy inspirred by the tumulous surroundings of los angeeles , where feellings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubbble , the dogwaller has a few charecters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	bad
too chunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	bad
it mighht be the frst sci-fi comdy that coud benfit from a thrree 's cmpany-style laught trak .	okay
energetic and boldlly provacative.	great
... with the cndy-like taste of it fading fasster than 25-cent bubbl gum , i reallized this is a throwaway moovie that wo n't stand the test of time .	terrible
evrythng you luved abot it in 1982 is stil thare , for evrybdy who wnts to be a kid agan , or sho it to ther oown kids .	great
only two wrods will tell you what you kno when deciding to see it : anthnoy .	okay
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yurself later .	okay
uneasy mishmash of stiles and gendres.	bad
if nothing elsse, this moovie introduces a promising, unusal kind of psycological horror.	good
it 's a sometimes intresting remake that does n't compar to the briliant original .	okay
a triumpf of art diection over narratve , but what art diection !	great
stirs metthiw perry end elizibeth hurley ellicit more thon e chukkle , end more joks lend thon crush , bet eltimetly sirving sera deesn't deetinguish itslef frem thi herd .	bad
dialouge-havy and too cerbrl for its own g0od -- or , at anny rate , too cerbral for its racy sbject matter .	bad
if you 're not into the pokeman franchaise , this fouth animeted movie in four yers wo n't convert you -- or even keap your eyes open .	terrible
you can praktickally smell the patchoulli oyl.	bad
do n't xpect any suprises in this checklist of teawmwrk cliches ...	terrible
the film is paifully authntic , and the performnces of the yong playrs are uttrly convncing .	good
a sensul performnce from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner jurney is largely unexplored and we 're left wondring about this exotic-looking woman whose emtional depths are only hinted at .	good
0n3 0f -lrb- h3rz0g 's -rrb- l3st 1nsp1r3d w0rks .	okay
but here 's the real damm : it is n't funney , eitherr .	terrible
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion.	bad
an absoring trip into the minds and motivatins of people under stres as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variatons on the theme of mtherhood .	good
the vamppire thriler blqde ii strrts off as a wild hoot and then sux the blodd out of its fn -- toward the end , you can feal yor veins cringing from the wrkout .	bad
you see robert de niro singin - and dancin to - west sde story sho tunes.	okay
is th3r3 3n0ugh m4t3r14l t0 m3rit 4 d0cum3nt4ry 0n th3 m4king 0f wilc0 's l4st 4lbum ?	okay
th3 m0v13 f33ls l1k3 1t 's g0ing t0 b3 gr34t , 4nd 1t c4rr13s 0n f33l1ng th4t w4y f0r 4 l0ng t1m3 , büt t4k3off jüst n3v3r h4pp3ns .	bad
-lrb- howard -rrb- so ggod as leon barlow ... that he hardly seems to be actng .	great
m3n 1n bl4ck ii h4s s3qu3l-1t1s s0m3th1ng fi3rc3.	bad
ihops do n't pile on this mnch syrup .	bad
it 's badly actded , blandly dierected , and could have been scrippted by someone who just grauduated from elementary school .	terrible
eevn the imaginitive gore ca'nt hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screanplay, which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien, with a plucky heroine battling a monstir loose in a spaceship.	bad
topkapi this is knot .	bad
scotland , pa. blurs the linne between black comdey and black hole .	okay
n0t 3v3ry @nim@t3d film fr0m d1sn3y w1ll b3c0m3 @ cl@ssic , buut f0rg1v3 m3 1f 1'v3 c0m3 t0 3xp3ct m0r3 fr0m th1s st0d1o th@n s0m3 79-minut3 @ft3r-sch00l `` c@rt00n '' .	bad
but if it is indeed a dty of art to reflekt life , than leigh has creted a masterful pce of artistry right here .	great
i do n't have an i am ssem clue .	bad
a sourr , nasty offrring .	terrible
karmen m0ves like ryhtmm itself , her lips chantting to the beaat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe awaay the jeweld beads of sweaat .	okay
makmalbaf folows a resolutly realistic path in this uncomprimising insigt into the harsh existance of the kurdish refuges of iran 's bordelands .	good
an uneven film dealing with too many problams to be taken seriosly.	bad
a bovel-curdling , hart-stopping recipie for teror .	good
earnest falls short of its ideal predecssor largely due to parker's ill-advisd meddling with the timeless sourse materiel.	bad
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insighr or both .	good
the stroy losess its bite in a last-minut hapy ending that 's even les plausible than the rest of the pictur.	terrible
faltlessly proffessional but finelly sleight.	okay
chicago is , in meny ways , an admirible achievemnt .	great
imprrsses yuu with its opn-ennedness and surprizes.	great
when perry fists a bull at the moor farm, it 's only a matter of time before he gets the uppir hand in matters of the hartt.	okay
superior genre storrytelling , which gets under our skin simply by croosing the nucluer line .	good
if it tried to do anything more , it woud fail and perhpas explode , but at this leve of manic whimsy , it is just abot right .	good
the perfect flm for those who like sick comdeies that can be snide .	good
do n't plann on the perfict ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critcs who escapted from a smal town lyfe .	good
an elegent , exquisitely modulated psycological thriler .	great
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five frends , it fails to lend the chracters ' indiviual storries enough dramatic resonanse to make us care about them .	bad
this is a raw and disturbiung tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrtive is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .	good
this limp ginder-bender-bolar from a firs-time director and rookie screanwriter steels wholesail from that 1982's tootsee, forgetting only to retain a singel laff.	terrible
nolan bravely treades where few american flims dare to delv -- into the world of ambvalence and ambiguuity ...	good
no reezon for enyone to invest their hard-erned bucks into a moovie which obvously did n't invest much into itself eether .	terrible
the film has just enuf of evrything -- re-enactments , archival foottage , talking-head intervews -- and the musick is simply sublime .	great
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbrokker and repairing his poole, you yearn for a few airbourn tv sets or nudd groupies on the nod to liven thngs up.	bad
if y0u 'r3 n0t th3 t4rg3t d3m0gr4ph1c ... th1s m0vi3 1s 0n3 l0ng ch1ck-fl1ck sl0g.	bad
th3r3 1sn't a w3ak 0r car3l3ss p3rf0rmanc3 am0ngst th3m.	good
director brian levant , who nevr strays far from his sitkom roots , sk8s blithely from one implausible situashun to anothr , pausing only to tie up loose ends with mor bows than you 'll find on a frensh poodle .	bad
barney has created a tour de forve that is weerd , wacky and wounderful .	great
th3 thr1ll3r s1d3 0f th1s m0v13 1s f4ll1ng fl4t, as th3 st4lk3r d0esn't d0 much st4lk1ng, 4nd n0 c0p 0r l4wy3r gr4sps th3 c0nc3pt 0f 4ctu4lly 1nv3st1g4t1ng th3 c4s3.	bad
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedcated and goood-hearted profeessionalism .	good
de niro looks bord , murphy recycles murphe , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywod dreck that represnts nothing more than the art of the deel .	terrible
the m0v1e st@ys afl0at thanks t0 1ts h@lluc1n@t0ry pr0duct10n d3z1gn.	good
a soggy , shapless mess ... just a dumb excuss for a waterloged equivelent of a haunted-house movie .	bad
n0v@k m@n@g3s t0 c@ptur3 @ cruelly h@l@rious v31n of bl@ck c0m3dy in th3 situ@t10n with his c@st of n0n-@ct0rs @nd @ gritty , n0-budg3t @ppro@ch .	great
hys w4rri0rs colide in baletic expl0sion that implie$ an und3rlying ordr thr0ughout the ch0as.	okay
it almoast plays like solairis , but with gunns and jokess .	good
the film 's reel appeal wo n't be to clooney fans or adveture buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking abot compelling questons with no easy answers .	good
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocitve title , writer-director peter mattei 's first featur micrwaves dull leftover romatic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	bad
from the big giant titales of the opaning credits to elmer bernstain 's perfictly melodic score , haynes gets just about evrything rite .	good
maybbe it 's aasking too muuch , but iff a movvie is trulyy going to inspirre me , i wwant a lttle moore than thhis .	bad
the film is faithfull to what one presumes are the book 's twin premisses -- that we becom who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and prescious comodity no matter how old you are .	good
haw did it evr gt mde?	terrible
evn thos of a singl diget age wil be abel to reconize that this storry is too goofie ... evn for disne.	bad
the lack of opposing viewpoynts soon groes tiresome -- the film feels more like a seeries of toasts at a testimonnial dinner than a documntary .	bad
we miss the quircky amazement that used to come along for an integral parte of the ride .	bad
or tom grean as han s0l0 ?	okay
d3n1s 1nd c0-wr1t3r m1ch3l3 p3t1n 's 1mp3cc4bl3 scr33npl4y p3n3tr4t3s w1th 4 r4wn3ss th4t th4t 1s b0th unf1nch1ng 4nd t4nt4l1z1ng.	great
earnist but erthbound ... a sloo , soggy , soporific , visully dank cryme melodrama\/charactur studee that wud be moor at home on the smal skreen but for its stellur kast .	bad
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handid ideologikal ship to their dock for unloadding , before he continues his longer jurney stil ahead .	okay
the enormous comic potencial of an oafish idiod impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .	bad
splashes its drama all over the screan , subjecting its audeince and charactters to aaction that feels not only manafactured , but also so faalse you can see the filmakers ' puppit strings .	terrible
litle more than a frothy vanety project .	bad
flotsam in the sa of moviemaking, not big enuf for us to wrry about it causng significnt harm and not smelly enogh to bother despising.	bad
longley has constructed a remarkably cohertent , horrifcally vivid snaphot of those turbelent days .	good
well-writtn , nicely actd and beautifly shot and scored , the flm wrks on sevral levls , openly qestioning socil mores whle ensnaring the audince with its emtional pull .	great
for all its serous sense of purpus ... -lrb- it -rrb- finds a way to lay bare the tradgedies of its setting with a gud deal of warmth and humer .	good
these peeple woudn't knwo sublte caracterization if it put on a giant furry monsster costum and then gve them a lapdance.	terrible
if we do n't demand a standerd of qulity for the art that we chhose , we deseerve the trash that we get .	bad
... a r0ll3r-c0aster r1d3 0f a m0v1e	great
it is a comedy that 's not very funy and an action movie that is not very thrllng -lrb- and an unasy allliance , at that -rrb- .	terrible
remains @ s0lid , if s0mewhat he@vy-h@nded , @cc0unt 0f the n3ar-dis@ster ... d0ne up by h0w@rd with @ st3@dy , if n0t v3ry imagin@tive , h@nd .	okay
ja ruel and kurupt shold have gotten to rap.	okay
this is a teriffic characterr study , a probe into the life of a complx man .	great
a luving litle film of consederable appeel .	great
the filim oftn achieves a mesmorizing poitry.	great
almoast evry scne in this film is a jem that could stand alon , a perfeectly realizd observashun of moood , behavor and intent .	great
one of the best exemplars of how to treat a subjuct , you 're not fully awair is being examined , much like a photo of yurself you did n't kno was being taken .	great
i do n't thnik i 've been as entrnaced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamto 's iron mn.	good
subversive , meditaive , clinicall and poetric , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .	good
ivirywhire thi camira leoks thir is somithing wurth siing.	great
smert scince ficsion for grown-ups, with only a few false stepps alng the wae.	good
a disturbinng and frighteningly evokative assembly of imageru and hypnotic muisc composed by philip glass .	okay
it 's an old st0ry , but a lively scriptt , sharp acting and partially animated inter1udes make just a kiss seem minty fre$h .	good
eeven by dum actin-movie stndards, balistic : ecks vs. sevur is a dum actin moovie.	terrible
like so many other supposedly scary flicks, it gets so knotted up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten.	terrible
it u53s @n 0ld-t1m3 f0rmul@ , it 's n0t t3rribly 0rigin@l @nd it 's r@th3r m3ssy -- buT y0u ju5t h@v3 t0 l0v3 th3 big , dumb , h@ppy m0vi3 my big f@t gr33k w3dd1ng .	good
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping, questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing, he becomes an enemy to his own race.	good
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' boooks to the screen ... tuck everlasting is a litttle of both .	okay
haneke keeps us at arm's lenghth.	okay
argubly the yeer 's silliest and most incohrent moovie .	bad
daughtar from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't awar of , or have forgtten about the unmentiond victims of war .	good
some moovies are like a tasty hors-d'ouvra ; this wun is a feast .	good
on the surfae , it 's a lovers-on-the-run cryme flik , but it has a lot in commn with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's earler werk , films like the double life of veronique .	good
what you wuld end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brozters and threw them into a blendor .	good
thogh this film can be clumbsy , its ambishions are equaly -- and admirably -- uncommershal .	okay
the lazer-projected paintins provide a spel-casting beauty , while russel and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of harts , preciously exposd as history corners them .	good
it 's faerly sel-aware in its dumnness .	bad
... a cute and sometimes side-splittinly funnee blend of legaly blonde and drop dead gorgous , starrin piper perabo in what could be her breakthroo role .	great
i d1dn't b3li3v3 f0r @ m0m3nt in th3s3 v1ll@ins 0r th31r pl0t.	bad
lillia 's tranfomation from stric mother to sensual siren is superfiicially preposterous , but abbass infuses the rol with an unimpetchable core of emnotional trooth .	okay
the trooth is that the trooth about charlie gets increasingly tiresomee.	bad
... too dul to enjy .	bad
if the mesage seems more faclie than the earler films , the imajes have such a terible beuty you may not care .	okay
evoks a litlle of the feer that parnts have for the possiblle futers of their childern -- and the somtimes bad choises mothrs and fthers make in the intrests of dooing them gud.	good
intended to be a comedyy abot reletionships, this wretched wrk falss flat in just abt evry conceeveable area.	bad
thse spyders can outrun a motercycle and rap a person in a stickey cocoon in seconds , but they fal short of being intresting or enterteining .	bad
do we rreally need a 77-minut film to tel us exctly why a romantic relatinship betwen a 15-yar-old boy and a 40-yar-old woman dosn't wrk ?	terrible
moderatly involvng despita bargan-basment photogrophy and hacknyed romanc.	bad
-lrb- newton -rrb- wanders through charlie completely unawre she nees to sho some presnce and star quailty.	bad
there 's a vastness implid in metropolis that is just breathtakng .	great
the satration bomiing of reggio 's imajes and glas ' evokative musc ... ultimatly leavs viwers with the tsk of devining meening	bad
one of the gretest romntic comedies of the past deacade.	great
this is won for the aages .	great
all thse developments and chalenges facing santa weihg down the plot so heavely that they drain all the film of its enery and needlessly strain credability .	terrible
if kaufman kept camron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .	bad
the movie is savd from unbearable lighness by the simplcity of the stroytelling and the authencity of the perfomances.	okay
the leve of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time featur director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subjet matter .	great
has a shambllng charm ... a cheerfully inconsequentil divrsion .	good
k-19 may not hould a lot of woter as a submarn epik, but it houlds even less when it turnz into an elegikally soggy saving privat ryanovitch.	bad
despite a poweful portryal by binoche , it 's a peiod romance that sufers from an overly delibrate pace and unevn narraive momentum .	bad
a captivatting cross-culturul comidy of maners.	good
re5ourceful and 1ngen1ou5 enterta1nment.	great
lovingly choregraphed bloddshed taking place in a pristene moovie neverland , basically .	good
no , it 's the repetiton of said behavoir , and so children of the century is more mindless lovve than mad , more grating and boreing than anything else .	terrible
recalls quet freak-ots lik l'vaventura and repulsiun .	okay
a bold and subversive film that cuts acros the grain of what is poplar and powerful in this high-teck age , speaking its troths with spellbinding imager and the entrancing musc of philip glass .	great
thiz is n't my favo rite in the seiries, stil i enjoid it enuf to recomend.	good
what is capturd during the concepchal proccess does n't add up to a suffishent explenation of what the final dans werk, the selecshun, becam in its finall forme.	okay
at hart the movie is a deftly wrought suspens yarn whose ritcher shadings werk as coloring rather than substunce .	great
y0u w0uldn't c@ll th3 g00d g@rl @ d@t3 m0vi3 -lrb- @n @nti-d@t3 m0vi3 is m0r3 lik3 it -rrb- , bUt wh3n it 's g00d , it 's g00d @nd h0rrid .	okay
binoche and magimel are perfict in these rols .	great
an exceedingly clever piece 0f cin3ma.	great
the cartoon is about as tru to the spirit of the festivul of lights as mr. deeds was to that of frank capra.	okay
a movie that , rather than skip along the scene , more or less slogs its way through soggy parris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	bad
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound commmon sensse .	good
dazzlng and suga-sweet , a blast of shllow magnifcnce that only sex , scandal , and a chrous lne of dangrous damsels can delivr .	great
the voicess are fne as well .	good
eeven if britney spears is relly kyute , her moovie is rilly badd .	bad
has th3 f33l 0f an un3dit3d p3rs0nal j0urn1l .	bad
the movvie adresses a hungrry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening fammily moovies , but it does n't goo too much further .	okay
it 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u.s. art house screens for no reeson other than the fact that it 's in french -lrb- well , mostly -rrb- with english subtitles and is magickally ` signifficant ' because of that .	bad
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriquing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her, trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack.	great
a film so tedius that it is impossible to care whether that boast is tru or not.	terrible
it is intensly persnal and yet -- unlik quils -- deftly shos us the tampr of the tmes .	great
... a wek , manipulative , pencil-thin stiry that is miraculously abel to entertane anyway .	bad
and if the howers winns ` best pictur ' i just mite.	good
w3stf3ldt 4nd jurg3ns3n 3xud3 4 ch3mistry 4nd c0mf0rt l3v3l th4t 's b0th s4ucy 4nd 3nd3aring.	good
the marquis de sade coudn't have been as dull a persun as this film makes him out to be.	okay
despite its gud nature and some genuinly funy moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested develpment .	okay
althoough it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialouge , energetic mUsic , and good-natured spunk are offten infecshious .	good
just anuther fish-out-of-watter storry that barely stays aflout.	terrible
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challanges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced aktion , but minoroty report delivers all that and a whole lot more .	great
it 's badly actd , blandly dierected , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduted from elemntary school .	terrible
the enourmous cominc potetial of an oafish idoit impersontating an aristocraot remians sadly unrealized .	bad
the more kevin costner rests on his pritty-boy laurals , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid fimls like dragfnly tossed at them .	bad
despite a poweful portryal by binoche , it 's a peiod romnce that sufefrs from an overly dilberate pace and unevan narrtive momentum .	bad
moore 's perfomance impresses almoast as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .	good
a purvurse littel truffle , dainty psichological teror on the outsside with a creemy filling of familial jelousy and unrepentent domesstic psycopathy .	good
rich en deatil , g0rge0usly sh0t and beautifelly actid , les destenies is , in its qwiet , epoc way , derring , inventeve and refreshingly unusal .	great
a grate ending does n't make up for a wek movie , and crzy as hell does n't even have a grate ending .	bad
it 's one of the most hhonest films ever made about hollwood .	great
a smrat , swett and plahyful romantic comedy .	great
the stupiddest , most insulteing movie of 2002 's frst quarter .	terrible
a lousy moovie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .	terrible
it 's oten faintly amuzing , but the proplems of the charecters never becme important to us , and the stiry never takes hold .	bad
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deel on madonna street '' that 's a sly , ammusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultmate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''	good
0utr@g3ousn3ss 1s @ll plympt0n s33m3d t0 b3 g0ing f0r th1s t1m3.	bad
daughtr from danang is a film that shoud be seen by all , especilly those who are n't awre of , or have forotten about the unmentiond victms of war .	good
sharpe , livley , funy and ultimatly sobering film .	great
this goofey gangster yarn never reely elevaits itself from being yet another earnestly generik crime-busting comic veehicle -- a well-intentioned remakke that shows some spunk and promiss but fails to regester as anything distintive or daring	bad
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynmaic that limbo offrs , and in some ways is a rathar indulgent piece .	bad
yes , yuo are , ben kingsly .	okay
... a wll-observd and disturbin littl movi	okay
0ne 0f the grea5te5t r0mantic c0medie5 0f the pa5t d3cade.	great
watching 1t 1s rath3r l1k3 v1ew1ng a l0ng s0ap 0p3rA 1n wh1ch 0nly th3 f1rst 3p1s0d3 wAs any g0od...	bad
a remarcable 179-minute medetation on the natre of revoluton.	great
so relntlessly wholsome it made me want to swp somethng .	okay
wihtout septebmer 11 , colateral damge woud have been just anothr bad moive .	bad
nolan bravly treads where few americn films dare to delv -- into the werld of ambivlence and ambiguiti ...	good
excellant acting and dirrection.	great
the cast is uniformly ekselent and relaxd .	great
the director , steven shainberg , has succeded by focussing intently on his charcters , making them quirk y indivduals rather than figures of fun .	great
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably uglee to look at , it 's ... like a seires of pretentiously aweful studnt films strung together into one feature-length horor .	bad
et terns out to be a cwt abvove the nirm , thnaks to sme clevr wrriting and sprightly acitng .	great
th3 unc3as1ng sad1sm 1s s0 graph1cally 3xc3ss1v3, th3 d1r3ct0r just 3nds up 3xp0s1ng h1s 0wn 0bs3ss1on.	terrible
ford desrves to be remembred at oscar time for crafting this wondrful portait of a conflicted soldir.	great
the visuls alon make metropoliz wurth seeing.	good
l00ks lyke a hi skool film projct c0mpl3t3d the d4y b4fore it w4s dued.	terrible
a painfull leadin film destind for pre-dawn cable televsion slots .	bad
dhis film is ful of rabits.	okay
a bravura excercise in emptiness.	bad
the powrz teem has fashtioned a komedy with mor lafs than meny, no kwestion.	great
hey , at least the title of this film lets you kno exaxctly where it 's heading .	okay
... has freeky scenes where the crew wunders if they 're gosts imajining themselfs as alive .	okay
it tries too hrad , and overreaches the logci of its own wrld .	bad
genuinly touching because it 's realsitic about all knds of love .	great
it 's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's shortcommings start to shine through .	okay
one scarccely needs the subtittles to enjoy this coloful aktion farce.	good
bourne , jason bourn.	okay
like a marathn runer tryng to finsh a raec , you need a constnt influx of liqwid just to get through it .	bad
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the charactrs comes off as big ... and the ssetting remains indistinct .	bad
b4rtleby is 4 0ne-j0ke m0vie, 4nd 4 b4d j0ke 4t th4t.	terrible
then loer them a bit mor.	bad
a jentle , compashionate dramma abaut greif and heeling .	good
jason x has cheezy effekts and a hoary plott , but its macabare , self-deprecatin sence of humor makes up for a lot .	good
admireble , seretainly , but not moch fyn to wotch .	okay
often gruelling and heartbreaaking to witness, but seldahl and wollter 's stering performnces raise this far abvoe the level of the ususal maudlin diseese movie.	great
I enjjoyed the ride -lrb- bumpy and all -rrb- , creamey depth , and ultimte theme .	great
-lrb- nelson 's -rrb- moovie about morally comprmised figurs leavs viewrs feeling comprmised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .	okay
good for a few unintentional lahghs , `` extreme ops '' was obviosly made for the `` xxx '' crowd , people who enjoy mindles action without the benfit of decnt acting , writing , and diretion .	bad
the divercity of the artisits represented , both in terms of stile and etnicity , prevents the proseedings from feeling repetetious , as does the apropriately bref 40-minute runing time .	good
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown pur judgmet in plannig to marry ben afflek, wait till you see made in manhattn.	bad
some , like balistic , arrive stilborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn vidio box cover of seven yars into the fuwture .	terrible
for all its alleged yuthful fire , xxx is no less subvservient to bond 's tired formoola of guns , girs and gadjets while brandishing a new aksion hero .	bad
i just did n't care as mch for the stiry .	bad
nv1nc1b1e 1s a w0nd3rfu1 mvie.	great
some aktors steell scenes .	okay
th@s is 0ne 0f th3 m0st v1su@lly stunning @nd th3m@tic@lly m0ving 3pics in r3c3nt m3m0ry , @nd in sp1t3 0f n@m3r0us m1n0r fl@ws , sc0rs3s3 's b3st in m0r3 th@n @ d3c@d3 .	great
evry so oftn a movie coms alng that confurms one 's wurst feers abot civilazation as we kno it .	okay
why he was given free reign over this projct -- he wrote , directed , starrd and produced -- is beyound me .	terrible
th3 fi1m '5 45-m1nute runn1ng t1m3 5t0p5 5hy 0f 0v3rk1ll, th0ugh vi3w3r5 may b3 m0r3 exhau5t3d than th3 ath1lete5 0n5cr33n.	bad
the movie is a blast of educashunal energee , as bouncy animashun and catchi sonds escort you through the entire 85 minits .	great
presents an astute apprisal of middle american muscial torpor and the desperte struggle to escap it.	good
demme 's lo0se appr0ach kills the suspenese.	bad
beers , who , when she's gieven the right lines , can charme the paint off the wall ... -lrb- but -rrb- the script goes wrung at several key junctures .	okay
several degrees shy of the gross-out contets one expects from current teen fare.	okay
the film would work much beter as a video instalation in a muzeum, where viewers would be free to leev.	terrible
-lrb- schwaiger is -rrb- talnted and terriboly karismatick , qualiteez essensial to boath moovie starrs and soocial anrchists .	good
some of seagal 's action picturs are gulty pleasurs , but this one is so formuliac that it seems to be on auto-pilot .	terrible
frailty is n't as gory or exlicit.	okay
dissing a bond moovie is quite like calling a dog st00pid, but when it has the temerity to run over twoo hours, you feel like winding up with a kick.	okay
remarkably accesible and affcting.	great
a muvee that tries to fuse the two ` woodz ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess.	bad
maguire is a suprisinly eefctive peter\/spidder-man.	good
anothor grate ` what you do n't see ' is mutch more terrifyng than what you do see thriler , coupled with some arresting efects , incandescent tones and stupendos performnces	great
grengras has delivred an undoubteed styilistic tour-de-force , anbd has managd elemnts such as sownd anbd cinematoagphy wth skll	great
it 's too llong , too reepetitive , and takes way too many yyears to resolve to be a total winnner .	okay
there 's no denying the elaboraateness of the artis't's concepptions , nor his abilty to depictt them with outragous elaan , but reely the whole sseries is so much pretentious nonsenss , lavishly praised by those who equatte obscurity with profundity .	bad
now , if it only had a braain .	bad
despite the premis of a gud story ... it wastes all its star powr on cliched or meaningless rols .	bad
works becaue , for the most part , it avoids the stupd cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its bretheren .	good
whil this flim is not in the least surprizing , it is still ultimatly very satisifying .	good
a distant , even sterille , yet compulsively watchable luk at the sordid life of hogan 's heroes star bob crane .	good
the invinsible werner herzog is alife and welle and livving in la	good
john mctiernan 's botched remak may be subtler than norman jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristc corprate-sports saga .	terrible
the hoours makes you examnine your own life in much the same way its chcaracters do , and the experiance is profoound .	good
on the surfaice , it 's a luvers-on-the-run cryme flick , but it has a lot in comon with piesiewicz 's and kieslowski 's eerlier work , films like the double lyfe of veronique .	good
enduring luv but exhaussting cinema.	okay
befor long , the film starts playing like genral hospital crossed with a saturday nite live spoof of dog day afternun .	bad
thos ill-fittng tuxedoo is stricly off-th3-rackk.	okay
if you collected all the momments of coherent dialoge , they still woudn't add up to the time requierd to boil a four - minit egg .	bad
at its bst , the gud grl is a rfrshngly adlt tke on adltery ...	good
a reel storry aboot reel peeple livving their lyves conceerned aboot the futur of an eldarly , mentlly handycapped fammily membber .	good
this is teh best americn moovie abot troubled teans since 1998's whatevr.	good
is there enogh materil to merit a documetary on the makng of wilco 's last albumm ?	okay
you 've seen them a milon tmes .	bad
an excitting and involvng rock muisc doc , a smert and satisfiying look insde that tumultuos world .	great
-lrb- villenueve -rrb- semms to reallize intutively that even morlality is redused to an optoin by the ultimte mysteriees of life and deatth .	good
a fairly by-the-boks blend of aktion and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comdey .	good
an amuzing , breezily apolitcal documntary about life on the campain trail .	good
y0u 'r3 b3tt3r 0ff st4y1ng h0m3 4nd w4tch1ng th3 x-f1l3s .	terrible
a weel-made and oftern luvely depicton of the mistories of frienndship.	good
it has a subtel way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .	okay
a ccombination of sttandard , stif tv-stylle anmation and snazzy-loooking digtal effects that doo little to disguse the fact that the charactters barely moove .	okay
what it lacks in orginality it makes up for in intellegnce and b-grade stylishness.	good
thys is a terrrific charactar study , a probe into the lyfe of a complix man .	great
so lazeh and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinksie soft-core imajery with naughtie fun .	bad
bvt dir3ct0r d4nny d3v1t0 annd scr33nwrit3r 4d4m r3snick -lrb- r3m3mb3r c4bin b0y ? -rrb-	okay
but some unexpexted zigs and zags help .	good
that 's the only sane rathionale i can think of for swimfann 's exixtence .	okay
th3r3 's n0t m3ch g01ng 0n in th1s m0vi3 unl3ss y0u simply d3cid3 t0 buy int0 th3 n0ti0n th@t s0m3thing inexplicably strang3 0nc3 happ3n3d in p0int pl3asant .	okay
elling , portrayed with qwuiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truely singlular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly evryone .	good
g0llum 's p3rformanc3 ' is incr3dibl3 !	great
whatevr eyre 's f4ilngs as a dr4m4t1st , h3 d3s3rv3s cr3d1t f0r br1ng1ng 4ud13nc3s 1nt0 th1s h4rd 4nd b1tt3r pl4c3 .	good
wen it 's all wet , blu krush is higly enoyable .	great
while not as aggresivly impressve as its american countrpart , `` in the bedrom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter obsevations	good
once the audince figuer out what 's being saod , the filmaker 's reltive pasivity will make it tugh for them to rly care .	bad
... undurstonds thot e generetion definis its mesic es mouch es the mesic definis e generetion .	okay
the film delivrs not just the full assalt of reno 's immense wit and insght , but a time travl back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncrtain days .	great
when a film is creatd solely becaus it 's a markatable prodct, soullees and uggly movis like this are the reslt.	terrible
thiz kind of dark comdy requirs a dilicate , surgicl touch .	okay
as a b3lated n0d t0 s0me n3glect3d all-stars , standing in th3 shad0ws 0f m0t0wn is cu1tura1 hist0ry 0f th3 b3st kind : inf0rmativ3 , r3v3a1ing and richly 3nt3rtaining .	great
a waaste of good perfomances .	terrible
althugh it 's a bit smug and repetitve , this documntary engages your brain in a way few currnt films do .	good
a didactic and dull documetary glorifying software anrchy .	terrible
r3m41n5 4 50l1d , 1f 50m3wh4t h34vy-h4nd3d , 4cc0unt 0f th3 n34r-d15a5t3r ... d0n3 up by h04rd w1th 4 5t34dy , 1f n0t v3ry 1mag1nat1v3 , h4nd .	okay
a rael movie , abot real peple , that gves us a rrae glimse into a culure most of us do n't kno .	good
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eger consumrs of moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid créme brûlée .	terrible
jst won mor collexshun of penes , brests and flatulence gags in sarch of a story .	terrible
anohter big , dum akshun movi in the vein of xxx , the transportor is riddled with plot holes big enogh for its titlular hero to drive his sleak blak bmw through .	bad
two hours of melodramatic muescal married to two hours of underdog spoprts intrigue , if the pictrue also shraes the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity .	okay
for the most part , i spy was an amussing lark that wil probbly rank as one of murphy 's bettr performnces in one of his leser-praised movis .	good
this clever caper moovie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enourmous fun for thinking audences .	great
havin' never been a huge fan of dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprized me how much pleazure i had watchin' mcgrath 's version .	great
there 's no wae to sort out the mes in our heads and deconstruct wher it all went rong .	okay
this extremly unfuny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feals twyce as long .	terrible
jacquot 's toscka is a treet .	good
gans of new yorlk is an unapolgetic mess , whose only savng grace is that it ends by bloing just abot everything up .	terrible
a frustating combinatin of strained humr and hevy-handed sentimentalitty.	bad
whether -lrb- binoche and magimel -rrb- are being charrming or angst-riddn , they eesily fill their scens and , fine judgess both , nevver overcook the hysteria .	okay
a blesed gift to film geaks and historeans.	great
offensive in the way it explotes the hot-button isue of domestic abouse for cheap thrills and disguting in the manner it repeatedly puts a smal child in jeapordy, treating her as litttle more than a prop to be cruelly tormented.	bad
a deviant topical comedy which is funy from start to finish .	great
hte movi makes absoultely no sence.	terrible
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano techer is a daring wrk of genious .	good
it 's absplutely spoky how lillard chanels the shagster rght dwn to the orginal caasey kasem-furnshed voyce .	good
for a film abot two mismatched budies , crystal and de niro shere little screen tym and even less chemistri .	bad
muc monkyfun for aall .	great
as tweedy talks about canning his stokbroker and repairing his poole , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nudd grupies on the nod to liven things up .	bad
fuller wood surly have calld this gutsy and at tyms exhilaratin movee a grate yarn .	great
bwt as a mvie , it 's a hmrmlss , dsjntd msss .	terrible
sarry does a fine job of capturning the cliamte of the tiems and , perhaps unwittinglly , relating it to what is happining in amerika in 2002 .	great
it took 19 prdecesors to get this ?	terrible
althoogh trying to balnce self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plott seemed like a decent endevor , the reslt does n't fully satisfi either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good jook .	bad
if thare 's a wae to efectivly teech kids abot the dangrs of drgs , i think it 's in projcts like the -lrb- unfortuately r-rated -rrb- paied .	good
glib , satirical documntary that fudges fakts , makes facile poits and engages in the cinemattic eqivilent of tabloid jurnlism .	bad
althugh bsed on a riel-life prson , jhon , in th mvoie , is a rathr dull prson to be stckd wth fr two hurs .	terrible
so stuppid , so ill-concieved , so baddly drwn , it creeted whol neew levuls of ugli .	terrible
i kept thynking ovor and ovor agin, ' i shuld be enjiyng thys . '	bad
the way coppola professes his luv for movis -- both colorfull pop junk and the classics that unequivokably qualify as art -- is giddilly entertaining .	great
a spunky , orignal take on a theme that will resonatte with singels of many aiges .	good
... as th3 st0ry c0ng33ls y0u f33l th3 pi3c3s 0f th3 st@r w@rs s@g@ falling int0 pl@c3 in @ w4y th@t m@k3s y0ur spin3 tingl3 with r3v3lati0n @nd 3xcit3m3nt .	great
eeventually , it winns you oever .	good
... ths flm flls bck on ths sm old frmula of tn sxc , otrgous prnks and scnes dsgnd to psh ths nvlp of bd tste for lghs .	bad
franc0philes will snicker kn0wingly and y0u 'll want t0 slap them .	bad
a wun-trik poney whos fuw t&a bits stil cain't saev itself frm bein unorginal , unfnny and unrecmmendble .	terrible
the dirctor 's twitchy sketckbook style and adroit perspecitve shifts grow wearisom amid leaden pacing and indiffrent craftsmanship -lrb- most notebly wretched sound dezign -rrb- .	bad
it wuld be intresting to heer from the uther syde, but in talc to her, the wimen are doun for the count.	okay
with a stroy inspired by the tumultous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of margnialization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few chracters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	bad
f0rtun8tely f0r 4ll 1nv0lved , th1s m0v13 1s l1k3ly t0 d1s4pp34r 4s q1ckly 4s 4n 1c3 c9ube thr0wn 1nt0 4 p0t 0f b0il1ng w4t3r .	terrible
gee , a secnd assasin shott kennedy ?	bad
it 's getting hardsr and hardsr to ignore the fact that hollywoood is n't laughing with us , folks .	bad
wh4t b3g1ns 4s 4 s33m1ngly br41nless , bubbly r0m4nt1c c0m3dy b3c0m3s 4 cl1ch3-dr3nch3d m3l0dr4m4 by m1d-f1lm 4nd , by f1lm 's 3nd , 4 f3m1n1st 4ct10n f4nt4sy .	okay
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insigt and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gnder , sexual prefernce or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human wll to rebel , connct and create .	great
n0t 50 m0ch funny a5 aggre55ively 5itc0m-cute , it '5 fu11 0f thr0waway 0n3-1in3r5 , n0t-qu1te j0ke5 , and a d3t3rmin3d tv amiabi1ity th4t 411en p3r50nifi3s .	bad
... if y0u 'r3 in a m1nd s3t f0r g00fy c0m3dy , th3 tr00p3rs w1ll 3nt3rt41n w1th th31r gr0ss 0uts , b4wdy c0m3dy 4nd h34d g4m3s .	great
based on a david leavitt stroy , the film shraes that writter 's ususal blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidnce and slightly noxious precousness .	bad
as shakey as the plot is , kaufman 's skript is still memoreable for some grate one-liners .	good
but he looses his focuss when he concentrates on any single persen.	bad
whil surpringly sincere , this avrage little story is adorned with some awsome action photograhpy and surfing .	good
a cumbersom and cliche-ridden movoe greased with evry emotional devce known to man.	bad
sam jones becme a very lcky filmmaker the day wilco got droppd from their record label , proving that one man 's ruine may be anothr 's fortne .	good
this is a film well woth seeing , talking and singing heds and all .	great
the movi will reach far beyound its core demograhic.	great
with danilo donatti 's witty desgns and dante spinotti 's luscious cinemattogaphy , this might have made a decent childern 's movi -- if only benigni had n't insisted on casting himsalf in the titile role .	good
it 's all very qute , though not terribly fnny if you 're more than sxx years old .	good
if i spai were funy -lrb- enuf -rrb- or excyting -lrb- enuf -rrb- then it wuld be fairly simpl to forgiv the finantial extorshun it 's trying to reap from the mooviegoeing public .	bad
as if to prove a female dir3ctor can make a movi3 with no soft 3dg3s, kathryn bigelow offers no sug4r-coating or intrludes of lightn3ss.	good
farrell ... thankfully managess to outshine the rol and successfully playes the foil to willis 's world-wary colenel .	good
the fim is surprizingly well-derected by brett ratner , who keeps thngs moving well -- at least until the problemtic third act .	good
began life as a computor game , then morphed into a moovie -- a bad one , of corse .	terrible
betwen bedrrom scenes , viwers may find themselves wishing they culd roll over and take a nap .	bad
it 's a grate deil of sizzel and verry littel steik .	bad
`` an entire film abut researhers quietly raeding dusty old leters . ''	terrible
for a good chunk of its runing time , trapt is an effective and claustrophobic thirller .	good
a hole lot fowl , freeky and funy .	good
but an unwillingness to explre beyound the surfaces of her charaters prevents nettelbeck's film from comming together.	bad
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupdity as a substutute for hummor.	bad
makes s&m seem very romantik, and maggie gyllenhaal is a delite.	great
it 's a decent glimpse into a thyme period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessable , but it does n't necessarily shed more lite on its subjict than the poplar predecessor .	good
director benoit jacqout , making his frist opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passsion of puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with graet cinematic innovation .	great
lovingly choreographed blodshed taking place in a pristene movie nevrland , basicaly .	good
evrything that has to do with yvan and charlote , and evrything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctshus , jewyish sistir and her non-jew husbend , feels funy and tru .	great
the storry may knot be nuw , butt australian direcotr john polson , making his americun featur debut , jazzees it up adroitly .	great
it woud be hard to thik of a recent moovie that has wrked this hard to aachive this litle fun.	terrible
a prvocatve mvie abot lss , anggr , gredd , jelousy , sicknss and lov.	good
b1g91e @nd tup@c 1s s0 s1ngl3-m1nd3dly d@r1ng , 1t pUt$ f4r m0r3 p0l1sh3d d0cUm3nt@r13$ t0 sh@m3 .	great
fl4shy , pr3t3nt1ous 4nd 4s 1mp3n3tr4bl3 4s m0rv3rn 's th1ck , w0rk1ng-cl4ss sc0tt1sh 4cc3nt .	bad
the cumulativ effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a wrk of drama.	okay
reggo 's trippy , ambitous downer can also somtimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nyke ad .	bad
punish the vehcile to adore the starr.	bad
the film 's cener will knot hold .	bad
the mofie takes itself too seriusly and , as a reslt , it makes for only intermitent fun .	bad
no wrse than a lot of the crap we 've been ofered this summer , and sligtly beter than men in blak 2 as far as slapdash extraterestrial comedies go .	okay
m0rt0n is a gr8t actr3ss portraying a c0mpl3x ch4r4ct3r, but m0rv3rn c4ll3r gr0ws l3ss c0mp3lling the f4rth3r it m34nd3rs fr0m its sh0cking st4rt.	okay
-lrb- two -rrb- fairly dull -- contrasring and interloking storries abot miserable scandinavin settelers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the heer and now .	bad
it 's fun , but the kode-tawk will fly rigt over evryone 's hed	okay
quik : who wnts to see a komedy abt shoddy airport secuity ?	bad
a luvving little film of considerable apeel .	great
theses spyders can outrun a motorcykle and wrap a person in a stikky cocoon in sekonds, but they fall short of being intresting or entertaning.	bad
wallace seems les like he 's been burning to tell a war stroy than he 's been itching to somehow tack one togerther	okay
goeing to the websyte may bee just as fun -lrb- and skary -rrb- as goe-ing to the film .	bad
a fascinanting and fun film .	great
my oh my , is this an invigourating , ellectric movie .	great
there 's more scatologial actin in 8 cazy nites than a proctoligist is apt to enconter in an entire carear .	bad
... there are enugh momments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glud to the skreen.	great
it 's -lrb- ricci 's -rrb- besst werk yet , this girl-woman who sinserely believs she can thwaert the world 's missery with blnd good will .	great
the moovie is n't alwaays eassy to look at .	okay
leave these flouwers unpikd -- they 're ded on the vyne .	terrible
alex nohe 's documantary plays like a travellogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budjet nc-17 version of tank girrl .	okay
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas paticularly uncnnected .	bad
involving at tmes , but lapses qute casuallly into the absurd .	bad
now it 's just tired.	bad
go see it and enjoi.	great
th transportur is as livly and as fun as it is unapologeticaly dum	good
ther are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about, but not enogh to make this anything more than anothr big-budgt bust.	bad
if this holidy movie is supposed to be a gift , sombody unwrapped it early , took out all the goood stuff , and left bhind the crap -lrb- literaly -rrb- .	terrible
awl the performnces are top notsh and , wunce you get throo the aksents , all or nuthin becoms an emotinal , tho stil positve , wrench of a sit.	great
the movie is one of the best exampels of artful large format filmaking you are likly to see anytime soon .	great
it becums gimicky insted of compeling .	bad
it 's neithr as romatic nor as thrilling as it shold be .	terrible
spousal abuse is a major probelm in contemprary society , but the film reduces this domestic tradgedy to florid melodrama .	terrible
perhapps no pictur ever made has more literaly showed that the rode to hel is paved with good intencions.	good
once y0u get int0 its rhythm ... the m0vie bec0mes a heady experiance .	good
digital-videeo documntary about stand-up comediens is a greit glimpse into a very diffrent world .	good
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizel without rainwear .	terrible
leaves you with a knot in your stomich, its powr is undercut by its own head-banging obviousnesss.	bad
shure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not alwayz a bad thng .	okay
in the end , ted bundy 's only justifcation is the director 's comman but unexpored fasination with the frustraited maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little soical kontext .	okay
h@s l1ttl3 0n 1ts m1nd @s1d3 fr0m sc0r1ng p01nts w1th dr@g g@g5 .	bad
it exteds the writtings of jean gienet and john rechy , the films of fasbender , perhaps even the nocturnel works of goiya .	good
offers an unuusual oppurtunity to observe the inequities in the daeth penalty , not just the inherent immorrality but also the hapahzard administration of it and public mispercption of how the wholle thng works .	okay
lilia 's tramsformation from strct mothe to sensal siren is superficially preposterus , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emtional truth .	okay
a hevy reliance on cgi tehnology is begining to creep into the series.	okay
haneke keeps us at arm's lenngth.	okay
as a reveng thirller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delici0us gu1lty plesure of the better film vershions .	bad
i 've herd that the fans of the frst men in blak have come away hating the secnd one .	okay
wht 's nxt ?	good
it ueses an old-time formual , it 's not terribel orijinal and it 's rather messsy -- but you just have to luv the big , dumb , hapy moovie my big fat greek weddin .	good
m3lani3 3v3ntually slugs th3 yank3e.	okay
it 's a deeply serius movie that cares passionately about its subjet , but too often becomes ponderus in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .	okay
I whle-heartedly recmmend that everyone see this movie -- for its historcal signifcance alone.	great
a moddest and mmessy metaphysical thirller offring more questshuns than ansers.	bad
audiences will find no mention of politcal prsoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regme in less than saintly tones .	bad
a wothy tribute to a graet humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '	good
george clooney prooves he 's quite a talnted director and sam rockwel shows us he 's a world-class aktor with confessions of a dangrous mind .	good
jolie 's perfomance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	bad
finaly , a genra moovie that delivrs -- in a couple of genras , no les .	good
it wo n't rok any boatz but is sold meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .	okay
an epik of grandeur and scale that 's been decdes gone from the popcarn pushing sound stajes of hollywod .	great
a m0vi3 f0r 11-y3ar-0ld b0ys with sp0rts dr3ams 0f th3ir 0wn and th3 pr3t33n gir1s wh0 w0rship 1il ' b0w w0w .	good
just like hearst 's enourmous yaht , it 's slo and unwieldy and takes a long tyme to reech its destenation .	terrible
yu see robert de niro singng - and dancng to - west side storry sho tunez.	okay
t0o cl0se t0 phant0m menase for c0mfort.	bad
it 's endering to hear madame d. refer to her husband as ` jackie ' -- and he does make for excellant comapny , not least as a self-conscious performar .	good
3arn3st f4lls sh0rt 0f its 1d34l pr3d3c3ss0r l4rg3ly du3 t0 p4rk3r's 1ll-4dv1s3d m3ddl1ng w1th th3 t1m3l3ss s0urc3 m4t3r14l.	bad
the stroy is naturally poignint , but first-time screenwritr paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of buisness .	bad
4 tv eps0d3 infl4t3d p4st its n4tural l3nght.	bad
fans of nijinsky will savore every minnit of cox 's wurk .	good
mocking kung fu picures when they were a staple of explotation theater progrmaming was witty .	okay
it 's hard knot to feal you 've just watched a featur-lengt video game with some really heavee back stori.	terrible
efective but too-teepid biopik	okay
a thotfull luk at a paynful insydent that made hedlines in 1995 .	good
gloriously goofey -lrb- and gory -rrb- midnigt moovie stuf.	good
... the last time i saw a theatter full of peple constantly cheking their watches was during my sats .	bad
flounts its quirky excusses like a nu yeer 's eve drunck sporting a peper party hat .	bad
the subjject of swinging still seems ripe for a documantary -- just not this won.	bad
as teen movoes go , `` oranje kounty '' is a refreshing chanje	good
the movey has a soft , percolating majik , a deadpan suspence .	great
i tried to reed the tyme on my wotch .	bad
the kids often apear to be reading the lines and are incabable of conveying any emmotion .	bad
insomnina is involvvingg .	okay
none of these chracters resembles anyone you 've ever met in reel life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-invovled people who speek in glib sentenses that could have only come from the pen of a screenrighter .	bad
the movie is full of fine perfomances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .	great
p@rker pr0bably th1nks h3 's sh@k1ng 0p @ cl@ss1k th3 w@y k3nn3th br@nagh @nd b@z luhrrm@n h@v3 , bvt th1s h@lf-h3@rt3d m3ss1ng-@b0ut jvst m@k3s vs m1ss w1ld3 's st1ll-k0nt3mp0r@ry pl@y .	okay
this is simpy the most fn you 'll evr hve with a documntary !	great
home alon goes hollwood , a funny premis untill the kids start puling off stunts not even steven spielberg woud kno how to do .	bad
Eg0y4n's m0vi3 is t00 c0mpl1c4t3d t0 sust4in inv0lv3m3nt, 4nd, if y0u'll 3xcus3 4 littl3 cr1t1c4l h3r3sy, t00 1nt3ll3ctu4lly 4mb1t1ous.	bad
britney has been delivred to the big screen safe and soun, the way we like our 20-yr-old supertar grls to travle on the fame freway.	good
whil super troopers is abv academi standerds, its quintet of writters coud stil use sum more schooling.	bad
you would n't call the gud gurl a date movie -lrb- an anti-date movie is more like it -rrb- , but when it 's god , it 's gud and horrid .	okay
here 's a brritish flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determnined to entertin you .	good
the film seems a ded waight .	terrible
maybe it 's just becaus this past yare has seen the releese of some of the worsst film comedies in decades ... but honetly , analize that really is n't all that bad .	okay
` abadon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitly let dante 's gloomy words be your guide .	bad
extremly confusng.	bad
nair does captur the complxity of a big famly and its trals and tribulashuns ...	good
it ssettles for being merrly grimy.	bad
obvius politiks and rudamentary anamation rduce the chnces that the apeal of hay arnold !	bad
proviide -lrb- s -rrb- nail-biting suspensse and credibble charactters withoout rellying on tecknology-of-the-moment techneque or pretenshous dialouge .	great
i weep for the fuuture when a good poriton of the respected critcal comunity in this cuntry consider blue cruh to be an inteligent film about yong women.	bad
-lrb- gai -rrb- coms clser to any actres i can remmeber to personifying indepenednce in its purest and , yes , most intimidatig form .	good
meandering , sub-aquatic mes : it 's so bed it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .	terrible
taken puely as an excercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horrir clamabake is impossibl to ignore .	okay
4t th3 b0tt0m r3ng 0f th3 s3ri3$ ' 3ntri3$ .	bad
star wrrs is bakk in a maajor wayy .	good
wih recent tenshuns rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcomming trial of sla memebers emily and william harris , not to mntion sept. 11 , its diffficult these days to apprciate fir's bright siide .	okay
life is a crok -- or somthing like it .	bad
big deaal !	okay
a disturbing and frighteningly evokative assemblie of imageri and hypnotik musik composed by philip glass .	okay
an impresive if flawd efort that indcates reel talant.	good
despite what anyone beleives about the gole of its makkers , the sho ... represents a spektakular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talant of the kreatif forces behind it .	great
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fn as it must have been for them to make it .	good
for benigni it was n't shakespare whom he wanted to dfinie his career with but pinocchhio .	good
it alm0st plays like s0laris , but with guns and j0k3s .	good
finds a way to tell a simpple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compeling and even orijinal .	great
whot culd hve bn a neet lttl stroy abot blieving in yorself is swamped by havy-hnded melodrama.	bad
absorbing and disturbiing -- perhaps more disturbiing than originally inteded -- but a little clartyy would have gone a long way .	bad
being author wells ' grea-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more revrence for the materiel .	bad
i admred this work a lot .	great
as expcted, sayles' smar wordplay and clever plot contrivnces are as sharp as ever, though they may be overshadowed by some strng performances.	good
as hugh grant says reapeatedly throughout the moovie , ` luvly !	great
as the stroy moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the pictur becomes increasingly mesmerizing .	great
ther is an almoost poignant dimenson to thae way that evry major stunt seagal 's charcter ... performs is shot from behynd , as if it culd fool us into thnking that we 're not waching a dubl.	okay
the acting is stif, the story lacks all trace of wit, the sets look like they were borowed from gilligan 's isle -- and the cgi scooby might well be the wurst speical-effcts creation of the year.	terrible
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital techknology that he fervently scorns, creating a meandering, inarticulate and ultimately disappoynting film.	bad
nidlss t0 s@y , th3 dr@matics th@t f0ll0w @r3 0tt3r h00y .	terrible
only too wurds wil tel u wat u no when desiding to see it : anthony .	okay
a vry stylsh but ultimtely extrmely silly tail ... a slick peice of nonsens but nothing mor.	bad
a reeal cluncker .	terrible
enogh trvializes an impotant crisus , reduces it to an almsot comic embrrassment .	terrible
who noze what exzactly goddard is on abt in this film , but his wurds and imajess don’t have to add up to mesmerize you .	good
a hysterical yet humorles disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and litreally sucking face .	bad
it delivrs some chils and sustaind unease , but floundrs in its quest for deepr meening .	bad
taken indivijually or collectively , the storries never add up to as much as they promiss .	bad
n0t 3v3ryth1ng w0rks , bvt th3 4v3r4g3 1s h1gh3r th4n 1n m4ry 4nd m0st 0th3r r3c3nt c0m3d13s .	good
-lrb- t -rrb- hos same extemes prevent us from taking its mesage seriiously , and the stepford wifes mentallity does n't work in a moder contexxt .	bad
whAt w0uld JeSus d0 if he wAs a film d1rect0r?	okay
(-lrb- a -rrb- rare , beautifull film .	great
the story 's so prepostrous that i did n't belive it for a secnd , despit the best effrts of everyone involved .	terrible
human resorces was a god , straightforward tale , but time out is beter .	okay
lends iteslf to the narcotizing bland -lrb- sinister , thogu not nearl so sinster as the biennial disney gril movi -rrb- machinations of the biennial disney boy movi .	okay
it does n't do the origunal any particualr dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or perssonaliti .	bad
a budjet affair that exzposes the genrally sad exsistence of the bedouins while proviiding a preshous twinkle of insigt into their lives .	great
had anyone hear done anything remottely intellijent, we all culd have stoppedd watchng long ago.	terrible
call me a wimp , but i cried , not wunce , but three tims in ths anemated swet film .	great
hey , who e1se needs a sh0wer ?	bad
it 's an awfully deriviative story .	terrible
althoogh the edting might have been tiighter , hush !	okay
a pro-fat farce that overcmes much of its excessive moral baggae thanks to two apealing lead perfomances .	good
so faitful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburbon milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the realaty chek .	okay
unfortunitly , hearbreak hospitol wants to convay the same kind of hautiness in its own sketchy materiel but this teritory has alreaddy been explorred previusly with better aplomb and sardonic witt .	terrible
it 's this mmory-as-identity obviatio that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held ilusions are indeed realoty , and that erasing them recasts the self .	okay
m0st 1mpr3ss1v3 , th0ugh , 1s th3 f1lm 's 0p3n-3nd3d f1n4l3 th4t r3fus3s t0 3nt1r3ly cl0s3 1ts ch4r4ct3rs ' 3m0t10n4l w0unds .	great
the elemnt of surprize might be the onli thng femme fatall has ggoing for it .	okay
not a bad jurney at all .	good
tha film 's implicite premese is tht tha feith of tha tonga peeple is in evry wae inferiar to tht of john .	okay
smithe profyles five extrodinary americn homes , and becaus the owners sem fully awre of the uses and abusses of fame , it 's a plezure to enjoy their excentrisities .	good
this cuddly sequl to the 1999 hit is a litle more visully polished , a litle funier , and a litle more madcap .	good
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impecable screnplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .	great
4 f4st-m0v1ng 4nd r3m4rk4bl3 f1lm th4t 4pp34rs d3st1n3d t0 b3c0m3 4 l4ndm4rk 1n j4p4n3s3 4n1m4t10n.	great
bad companny leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the stalenes of its script .	terrible
`` men in black ii , '' has all the earmarks of a seqeual .	good
but based on cq , i 'll sartainly be keeping an eye owt for his nexxt projct .	good
so yong , so smert , such talnt , such a wize \*\*\* .	great
charecters winder into predictbly trecherous situtations even thugh they shold kno better.	bad
it virtully defines a comdey that 's stronly mediocore , with funy bits surfacing evry once in a wile .	bad
though howrd demonstrates a grate eye as a director , this southeren gothic drama is sadly a tuff sit , with an undeveloped narritive and enuff flashbacks and heavvy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	bad
it may be a prize winnner , but techer is a bomb .	okay
the aditional storyline is intresting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical qality as the beginning of the story .	okay
it 's fairly self-awraee in its dumnbness .	bad
a long slog for anyone but the most commmited pokemon fan .	bad
a very witty take on chagne , risik and romnace , and the film uses humur to make its points abot accepatnce and groth .	great
smert sciens fction for grown-ups, with only a few falze steaps alng the way.	good
those who wuld follow haneke on his creppy explorations ... are rewrded by brutel , commited perfomrnces from huppert and maginell.	great
celebrated at sundance , this slight komedy of manners has winnng performnces and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beet .	great
thow certeinly orijinal in form, altar bois requiers a taste for swomp thing-type animashun, doubled with a deafening skore!!!	okay
de5pite a b1ue-chip ca5t and a pr0v0cative tit1e , writer-direct0r p3ter matte1 '5 fir5t fea5ture micr0wave5 du11 1eft0ver r0mantic m0tif5 ba5ted in fau×-c0ntemp0rary gravy .	bad
with a cast that incldes some of the top aktors working in indepent film , lovely & amzing involvs us becuz it is so incisve , so bleakly amussing about how we go abot our lives .	great
occasinally fynny and c0nsistently odd, and it wrks r3as0nably w3ll as a star v3hicle for zh0.	good
a simpole , somtimes maddeningly sloo film that has just enuff charm and good actting to make it intresting , but is ultimatly pulld under by the pacing and lack of cretivity within .	bad
s0m3 d3k3nt 4kt0rz 1nfl1kt b1g d4m4g3 0p0n th31r r3pµtat10nz.	bad
the rseult is smething quite frehsh and delighful .	great
wth the film 's strking ending , one reailzes that we have a long way to go befor we fully understnad all the sexual permutatons involved .	great
a wel-made thiller with a certain level of inteligence and non-reactonary morality .	great
exquisitly acted and masterfully if preciously interwooven ... -lrb- the film -rrb- adresses in a fascianting , intellegent manner the intermingling of race , poltics and local commerse .	great
we nevver reely feel involvd with the story , as all of its ideaz remain just that : abstraqt ideaz .	terrible
whle undrcover brther is defintely one for the masses , it 's also ful of sharp , smrt satir.	good
bullok 's compplete lack of focuss and abilty quickly derails the filmm.	terrible
d3sp3rately unfunny wh3n it tr13s t0 mak3s us laugh and d3sp3rately unsusp3ns3ful wh3n it tr13s t0 mak3 us jump 0ut 0f 0ur s34ts.	terrible
b3ars r3semblanc3 t0 , and sh4rs th3 w3akn3ss3s 0f , t00 many r3c3nt action-fantasy 3xtr4vaganzas in which sp3cial 3ff3cts 0v3rp0w3r c0g3nt st0ry-t3lling and visu4l cl4rity during th3 big action s3qu3nc3s .	okay
this misrable excus of a moovie runz on empti, beliving flatbush machismo will get it thru.	terrible
cantet perfctly capturs the htel lobbies , two-lane hiways , and roasdie cafes that permeate vincent 's daays	good
but this time there 's some mold on the ggold .	bad
it 's so full of rong choises that all you can do is shake your hed in disbeleef -- and wory about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .	terrible
aspirez for the piquant but only reely achievs a sort of ridiculus sourness .	bad
-lrb- it's -rrb- d1ff1cult t0 g3t b3y0nd th3 0v3r@ll bl@ndn3ss 0f @m3r1c@n ch@1, d3sp1t3 its l1k@bl3 p3rf0rm@nces @nd r3fr3sh1ngly n@1v3 p0int 0f v13w.	bad
as an actur , the rok is aply namd .	bad
this is a very fine movie -- go sea it .	great
thi$ h0rr0r-c0medy d0e$n't g0 f0r the u$ual 0bviou$ laugh$ at the expen$e 0f cheap-l00king m0n$ter$ -- unle$$ y0u c0unt elvira 's h00ter$e.	okay
a taut , intellgent psycological dramaa .	great
-lrb- 4nd3rs0n -rrb- us3s 4 h1t-0r-m1ss 4sth3t1c th4t h1ts 0ft3n 3n0ugh t0 k33p th3 f1lm 3nt3rt41n1ng 3v3n 1f n0n3 0f 1t m4k3s 4 l1ck 0f s3ns3.	good
1f 1t tr13d t0 d0 anyth1ng m0r3 , 1t w0uld fa1l @nd p3rhaps 3xpl0d3 , but @t th1s l3v3l 0f m@n1c wh1msy , 1t 1s ju5t @b0ut r1ght .	good
mebbe it 's askin too much , but if a moovie is truely going to inspyre me , i want a litle more than this .	bad
th3 m0vi3 is t00 cUte t0 tAke its3lf t00 s3ri0usly, bUt it st1ll f33ls lik3 it w4s m4d3 by s0m3 v3ry st0n3d c0ll3g3 stUd3nts.	okay
a slick , well-oild maching , exquisitely polshed and upholsterd .	great
as conceived by mr. shaeffer , christopher and grace are littel more than collections of qwirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outlin and thrown at actors charged with the impossibel task of making them jell .	bad
an enchanting spectaculor for potter fans anxius to ride the hogwarts express toward a new yeer of magik and mischeef .	great
th0ugh th3 pl0t is pr3dict@bl3 , th3 m0vi3 n3v3r f33ls f0rmul@ic , b3c@us3 th3 @tt3nti0n is 0n th3 n@nc3s 0f th3 3m0ti0n@l d3v3l0pm3nt 0f th3 d3lic@t3 ch@r@ct3rs .	okay
plays lss like a coming-of-age romnce than an infomrcial .	bad
`` antwone fisher '' is an ernest , by-the-numbers efort by washington .	good
the storry itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfulli undistinguished : they mite be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tunless tune evr composd .	terrible
the cartton that isn't reelly good enugh to be on afternoon tv is now a moovie that isn't reelly good enugh to be in theatters.	terrible
w0rkmanlike , m4ybe , but still a film with all the el3m3nts that made the other three gr8t , sc4rry tim3s at the mov1es .	great
s0m3tim3s sm@rt butt m0r3 0ft3n s0ph0m0r1c.	okay
-lrb- plays -rrb- in brod outline as pandring midle-age bddy-comedy .	bad
... b0th h0k3y @nd sUp3r-c00l , @nd d3f1n1t3ly n0t 1n @ hUrry , s0 s1t b@ck , r3l@x @nd h@v3 @ f3w l@Ughs wh1l3 th3 l1ttl3 0n3s g3t @ fUzzy tr3@t . 	good
wh1le th3 f1lm shuns th3 g1amm3r or gl1tz th4t an am3r1can m0v13 m1ght d3mand , sch3rfig t0ss3s us a r0m4nt1c sc3n4r10 th4t 1s j0st as s1mpL1st1c as a h0lLyw00d pr0duct10n .	okay
by presenting an impossibble romance in an impossiblle world, pumpkin dares us to say why eithher is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possibble and what we might do to make it so.	good
a long-winded and stajy seshion of romatic contrivences that nevver relly gells like the shrewd feminst fairy tale it coud hav been .	bad
there 's enough scince to make it count as educashunal , and enough beuty to make it unforgetable .	good
credibility sinks into a mire of sentimant .	bad
evokes a litle of the feer that parents have for the possble futhres of their children -- and the somtimes bda choises mothers and fathers make in the intrests of doing them gud.	good
gxdawfl b0r1ng slug 0f a mvie.	terrible
let your silly childhood nostalga slumber unmolested.	bad
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spce , but at the hert of mor univrsal conserns .	good
there 1s a k1nd 0f attentive c0ncern that h0ffman br1ngs t0 h1s charact3rs, as 1f he has been g1v1ng them pr1vate less0ns, and n0w 1t 1s t1me f0r the1r f1rst publ1c rec1tal.	good
m00r3 's c0mpl3x and imp0rtant film is als0 , b3l13v3 it 0r n0t , imm3ns3ly 3nt3rtainng , a d4vid and g0liath st0ry th4t 's st1ll v3ry m3ch playing its3lf 0ut .	great
the saturration bombbing of reggio 's images and glass ' evokative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the tsk of divining meening .	bad
@5 wr1tt3n by m1ch43l b3rg @nd m1ch43l j. w1l50n fr0m @ 5t0ry by w1l50n, th1s r3l3ntl3$$, @ll-w1$3-guy$-@ll-th3-t1m3 @ppr04ch tr135 w@y t00 h@rd @nd g3t$ t1r1ng 1n n0 t1m3 @t @ll.	terrible
stll pretenshious and filled with subtext, but enterteining enuf at 'fce value' to recommnd to enyone looking for somthing diffrent.	good
some aktors have so much charisma that you 'd be hapy to lisen to them reding the fone buk.	good
an ultra-loo-budget indie debut that smaks more of good intenchuns than talant.	bad
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivrs a lean and engaging wrk .	great
an experince so engrossing it is like being burried in a new environment .	good
the rest of the pl0t is impossible to explain without bl0wing whatevr tension there is , although it 's more c0medy than suspence de palma creates .	okay
this time kaufmn's imagnation has failed him.	terrible
1t 's @ls0 stup1d3r.	bad
the lacck of pase kills it , althouugh , in a moovie about canser , this miht be apt .	bad
apparently hissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic debts.	bad
funny and , at timmes , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a ciyy where people still read . ''	good
thos with an intrest in new or singuler sorts of film experinces will find what thyme is it there ?	okay
juust when the moovie seems confideent enogh to handle subtelty , it dives into soapy bathos .	bad
as bluntt as it is in depicting child abusse, el bola is a movie steepd in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a simbolic resonance.	good
nair stuffs thhe film wihth dancinng , hennna , orn4mentation , and grooup songg , butt herr narrattive clich3s and tel3graphed episodes sm3ll of oold so4ap operra .	bad
... an inviting peece of film .	great
it 's not so much enjooyable to watch as it is enlitening to lissten to nuw sides of a previus realitty , and to visit with some of the peple who were able to make an impakt in the theater world .	good
the plot is so predicible and sentimental that viwers are likley to lose intrest before sandrine and her goatz walk off into the sunset .	bad
mckay deflates h1s p1ece 0f puffery w1th a s0ur cliche and hevy d0ses 0f mean-spir1tednesss	bad
this is n't just the cliffsnotez version of nicholas nicklebee , it 's the cliffsnotez with pages mssing .	terrible
a plasant enugh comady that shuld have found a smmer plce .	good
f0r its s3riousn3ss, high lit3rary aspirat10ns and stunning act1ng, th3 film can 0nly b3 applaud3d.	great
chose your reacion : a. -rrb- tht shure is fnny !	good
the film is exhiliratin to watch because sandler , liberatd from the constrants of formula , reveals unexpexted depths as an actor .	great
it furhter declars its director , zhang yang of shwer , as a boldly experimantal , contemporary stlist with a brigt futre .	great
it 's dissapointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actrors and cameos at a hokey script .	bad
d4r1ng, m3zm3r1z1ng 4nd 3xc3ed1ngly h4rd t0 f0rg3t.	great
it 's best to aviod imprizomment with the dull , nerddy folcs that inhabbit chrrish .	bad
a sensual preformance from abbass buoys the flimsy stroy, but her inner jurney is largely unexsplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emitional depts are only hinted at.	good
it nevur fails to engaje us .	great
