The team, aiming to make history as the first British crew to win the America's Cup, secure two points for the upcoming qualifying series in May and June. The victorious team will then challenge Oracle Team USA in the prestigious main event, the 2017 America's Cup in June. Find out how to get into sailing with our special guide. Ainslie's team won after a tie-break in the regatta in Japan by virtue of a better result in the last race. Land Rover BAR finished the series with 512 points, 19 ahead of Oracle Team USA, the two-time defending America's Cup champions, in second place. Emirates Team New Zealand, who lost an 8-1 lead to Oracle in the 2013 America's Cup, finished third overall with 493 points. Attempting to end Britain's long wait to bring the America's Cup back to the UK, where the oldest trophy in international sport was first contested in 1851, Ainslie, the most successful sailor in Olympic history, describes it as a massive day for proving they can win at the top end. It's a big step towards the America's Cup next year in Bermuda," said Ainslie, who was part of the winning Oracle team three years ago. Hoping to have the fastest boat next year, we are not under any illusions about just how tough it is. " Land Rover BAR held a one-point advantage after the first day of the Fukuoka regatta but Artemis Racing of Sweden won the first two races on Sunday. Ainslie's crew needed to finish ahead of the Swedes in the last race of the day to clinch the title and came in third, with Artemis one place further back.
Shops and stalls line the unpaved roads, where hotels and factories, bars and blacksmiths' workshops vie for space. The United Nations is preparing to carry out a survey in Dadaab, the world's largest refugee camp, to find out how many of the nearly half a million Somalis who live there are prepared to go back to their country. This comes a week after Kenya, Somalia and the UN signed an agreement to begin the voluntary repatriation of refugees. The survey may take months to complete and is likely to be met with little enthusiasm "There is total insecurity in Somalia and we're not intending to go back to that place," fumes a man with a hennaed beard as he emerges from a cafe. His name is Ibrahim Sambul, and he has lived in Dadaab since 1992. "Our kids, if they go back there, everyone would get hold of a gun and start fighting for al-Shabab. " That is precisely the kind fiery talk that has led some Kenyan politicians to accuse the camp of links to the Somali Islamist militant group that carried out the Westgate attack in which 67 people died. Militants stormed the shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi, over four days in September. Addressing the Kenyan government, Mr Sambul quickly adds: "All Somalis are not terrorists. " Security has improved in Somalia over the past few years, there is no doubt about that. Territory controlled by al-Shabab has shrunk, as African Union troops alongside Somali government forces have pushed the militants out of towns and villages they once held. But Mr Sambul's reluctance to return reflects a view widely held in Dadaab. The UN refugee agency is likely to offer cash incentives as well as food and provisions to those refugees who are willing to return. With a refugee population of around 400,000 - the exact figure is uncertain due to the high number of unregistered refugees - fewer than 100 people have shown interest in the repatriation program, as reported by a camp official to the BBC. This signifies a remarkably low participation rate. One of the reasons people want to stay is education. At the Unity Primary School a mixed group of students, boys and girls, are learning mathematics, in English. Around 2,500 children get a free education at the school, one of many in the camp. Most parents know that Somalia is currently unable to provide that opportunity. Mohammed Abdi Shamsudin arrived at Dadaab from Mogadishu in 1991. He now has 21 children from three wives. For him and his family Dadaab is not just a refugee camp. For better or for worse, it is home. "When I talk to my children about going back to Somalia, they get scared," he says. "They think it's a mad idea. They can't get work here in Kenya but they can't go back to Somalia. So the only hope they have is education. " We drove to one of the newer settlements in the camp; unlike Mr Shamsudin, most here are more recent arrivals. It is an area with a troubled reputation. On 17 October, a group of local men were watching a football match in a communal TV-shack known as the "cinema". At around 21:00 masked gunmen burst in, spraying bullets indiscriminately into the crowd. No-one was killed, but six were wounded. We met some of them still nursing their scars outside the cinema. "We are very afraid," said Faisal Omar, the owner, who said he now opens only during the day. He could not say who exactly had carried out the attack, but he was not the first person we met to refer, obliquely, to al-Shabab. "Maybe it's like what happened at Westgate," he said. "Without asking you something, they start shooting at you. It happens. " Incidents like these occur less frequently today than they did a year or two ago. But it is clear from the reaction you get when you mention al-Shabab that people in the camp are afraid. One Kenyan MP recently called Dadaab a "nursery for terrorists". Most here would dispute that and they are not planning to leave in a hurry. On one street, a builder's merchant was busy unloading timber. It will be used to build yet more structures in this camp that seems to just keep on expanding.
The rise was fuelled by strong growth in sales of both its computers and software. The world's biggest maker of mainframe computers, IBM, generated $3.66bn (Â£2). 27bn), compared with $3. 39 billion a year earlier. IBM raised its prediction for full-year earnings for the second quarter running. Revenue at the 100-year-old company was 12% higher at $26. 7bn. IBM said strong growth was coming from new signings for its services division, which were up by 16% in the quarter - a sign businesses are still spending on technology. Although the figures beat expectations, IBM's shares initially fell slightly on the results before rising by 2% in after hours trading. Kim Caughey Forrest, senior analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group, said: "The margins were very strong and the revenue, especially in the second quarter when you expect softer revenue, makes it look like they did well in the quarter. ".
On Tuesday, Congress stripped him of his immunity from prosecution which opened the way for criminal charges to be brought against him. He has denied any wrongdoing. The vice president has been sworn in as interim head of state, ahead of elections this Sunday. Alejandro Maldonado is expected to govern until the new president is sworn in on 14 January. Mr Maldonado has only been in the post since mid-May, when his predecessor Roxana Baldetti resigned. Ms Baldetti is accused of involvement in the same corruption scheme which Mr Perez Molina is accused of masterminding. She is also being held in prison. Analysis: Katy Watson, BBC Central America correspondent Mr Perez Molina has been hanging on until the bitter end - determined not to resign, even amid weekly protests and calls for him to go. But stripped of his immunity earlier this week, barred from leaving Guatemala and with an arrest warrant, he had little choice but to give himself up. His innocence is maintained by him, and his lawyer says he is ready to confront the accusations against him. People here view this as the beginning of a new chapter, with presidential elections on Sunday sending a message that corruption will not be tolerated as it was in the past. At least 100 people are being investigated in the scheme, dubbed La Linea, or The Line. Investigators say it involved businesses paying bribes to government officials and customs officers in return for being allowed to evade import duties. But until Wednesday night, the president had stood firm, saying he would serve out his term. On Tuesday, a judge barred Mr Perez Molina from leaving the country "as a precautionary measure". Earlier this week, he said he would be "very respectful and submit himself to the rule of law". Mr Perez Molina's resignation on Thursday and arrest are a huge victory for an unprecedented anti-corruption protest movement that had swelled in recent months, with regular marches in Guatemala's major cities.
Fields of Battle, Lands of Peace displays images by the photo-journalist Michael St Maur Sheil. It looks at how the battlefields of World War One have changed over the past 100 years. Michael said he had started the project in 2005 and explained what he wanted to achieve with the exhibition which has already been viewed in various locations including Paris, London and Istanbul. "I am trying to show that what were places 100 years ago of horror and death, time and nature heals the wounds of war and actually they have now become landscapes of great peace and beauty," he said. "The war is no longer a war of memory it has now become history, but the landscape still reflects that history. "This project I started shooting in 2005 and the last picture was actually shot in December of last year so it has been a long process. In the exhibition, modern landscapes are displayed alongside archive pictures, capturing the early morning moments when soldiers on both sides would stand with their weapons, anticipating an attack at dawn. The Somme experience is a particular feature and Michael draws on the contribution of soldiers from Ireland - north and south. "I am delighted that it is here in Belfast, this exhibition after it is in Belfast will be going to Dublin and it is deliberately being done as part of reconciliation because for many years it has been impossible in the south to really pay honour to the soldiers that went off in 1914 for a very good reason, they thought they were proving themselves to be worthy of nationhood but when they came back in 1918 it was a different country," Michael added. "With the Somme, July 1st is the day of the Ulster Division, but of course you have September 3 and September 9 when you have the Irish division at Guillemont and Ginchy and that again is reflected in this exhibition. "If you like it is trying to show there is a shared experience, a common experience whichever persuasion you are - the Somme provides that. " Two photographs Michael picked out reflect the experiences of the 36th Ulster Division and the 16th Irish Division. The first is a cemetery at Grandcourt in the north of France. The village was reached by part of the 36th Ulster Division on 1 July 1916. "The Ulstermen had not only took their objectives on the day they went and got up against the German second line and they were held there," Michael said. "They couldn't get reinforcements, they were running out of ammunition, they had no water and they basically thought they were surrounded and that is where they fought and died. "This cemetery is for those men who were isolated in that lonely place, they died on July 1st. They were not buried until January and February of the next year when the ground was taken and that is why these are mass graves. "For me this is one of the most significant cemeteries on the Somme battlefield. Michael explained that the second photograph depicts a location in Ginchy, France, where Irish nationalist troops launched one of the main offensives during the Battle of the Somme in September 1916. "The 16th Irish division actually attacked Guillemont on 3 September, and this is Ginchy where they attacked on 9 September," Michael said. "It is where a  man called Tom Kettle was killed. Tom Kettle was a barrister, a professor in Dublin and a leading light of the Irish republican movement. "In fact when war broke out he was actually in Belgium trying to buy weapons for the republican movement in Ireland. "He is killed somewhere in this field and falls back into the arms of a man called Emmet Dalton who is an interesting character, because Emmet Dalton wins a military cross on the day. He is promoted to major in the British army and goes back to Dublin and joins the Irish Republican Army. "We probably know him these days as the man who produced films like The Lion in Winter and The Spy Who Came in From The Cold. " Fields of Battle, Lands of Peace will be in the grounds of Belfast City Hall until 31 August.
The Scottish Daily Mail raises questions over Theresa May's future as prime minister. It reports that "furious" Tory MPs have threatened to oust her within six months after the general election result saw them lose their majority in the Commons. The Scotland edition of The Times says the "diminished" prime minister was forced to promise Philip Hammond a greater say over Brexit - despite planning to sack him after the election. The focus of The Herald's front page is also on the impact of the election result on Brexit, with the report suggesting that Ruth Davidson has proposed Mrs May pursue a more "open Brexit", prioritizing economic growth over cutting immigration. The Scottish Conservative leader will now have more influence, given her party's success at the polls, the paper adds. On the day Scotland faces England in a World Cup qualifier, The Scottish Sun uses a football analogy to explain the election result. Mrs May clung power despite a "sensational own goal - after an assist from her unlikely Scots allies", it reports. The National leads with the headline "Setbacks will only make our Yes movement stronger". But the paper has also spoken to SNP insiders who have blamed "poor messaging", the so-called "Corbyn surge" and a failure to motivate supporters for the loss of 21 Westminster seats. Nicola Sturgeon's admission that her push for a second independence referendum cost her party votes, is the main story in The Scotsman. The Scottish Daily Express, in a similar story, claims that Ms Sturgeon indicated she might "set aside" plans for a second independence referendum after the results of Thursday's poll. However, the Daily Record reported that Mr Sturgeon avoided addressing Scotland's future in her speech the morning after. The paper said Indyref 2 was the "elephant in the room" as she paid tribute to Alex Salmond and Angus Roberston. The Daily Telegraph claims that Ruth Davidson's Scottish Conservatives are planning to break away from English control to form a separate organisation. Ms Davidson has since taken to Twitter to robustly dismiss the story. Theresa May's election gamble "spectacularly backfired", according to The Courier. Its headline says the defiant prime minister pledged "certainty" in spite of the humiliating result. The prime minister, according to The Daily Star of Scotland, has been described as "battered" by the election result but has pledged to "tough it out". In the meantime, The Press and Journal focuses on the outcome for Alex Salmond, who was defeated by Conservative Colin Clark in the Gordon constituency early on Friday morning. Mr Clark told the paper that the former SNP leader was responsible for his own downfall and urged him to "hang up his boots, get a lawnmower and cut the grass".
More than half of British adults watch more than one episode of the same show back-to-back at least once a month. Research into what was termed "box set Britain" by media watchdog Ofcom found that almost 10 million, a third of those surveyed, admit to having missed sleep or become tired as a result, with a quarter saying they have neglected household chores. 82% aged 16-24 watch multiple episodes at least monthly 67% of adults watch on demand to avoid adverts 54% of adults like to watch on tablets or smartphones 91% watch live TV, but viewing time is down 14% since 2010 Findings in the broadcasting regulator's Communications Market Report include: Posting children's photos divides nation Lindsey Fussell, consumer group director at Ofcom, said: "Technology has revolutionised the way we watch TV. The days of waiting a week for the next episode are largely gone, with people finding it hard to resist watching multiple episodes around the house or on the move. "But live television still has a special draw, and the power to bring the whole family together in a common experience. Email us at entertainment with your story suggestion, or follow us on Facebook, Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or Instagram at bbcnewsents. co news@bbc uk.
Baggage-handling company Swissport has drafted in 40 extra staff to avoid a repeat of the problems where some travellers went home without luggage. The company apologised for last week's delays, blaming a staff shortage. Air passengers are advised by travel organisation Abta to carry essential items in their hand luggage. Additionally, staff has been laid on by Gatwick's management to assist with the baggage operation. It had been critical of Swissport's performance, saying it had failed to meet standards. An airport spokesman said early indications on Saturday showed all flights had so far met the time targets for returning luggage to the baggage claim area. He said the average wait time in the hall this morning so far has been 30 minutes, which is no different to most other weekends. "Going into the weekend we are not expecting any issues but we have put extra staff in place." Between 01:00 and 06:00 BST, all 41 flights arriving at Gatwick returned baggage to the carousel within 55 minutes of arrival. It is expected that about 132,000 passengers will pass through the airport on Saturday, while about 144,000 passengers are expected on Sunday. Last weekend's problems led to airline Monarch terminating two contracts with Swissport on Thursday. The BBC understands a new baggage handler will be appointed by November.
One co-founder of the Peachy Printer scheme accused the other of stealing more than 324,000 Canadian dollars ($353,000; Â£174,000) and spending it. Efforts to make the device have been halted. A confession video has been posted to the site as proof. But the alleged thief told the BBC it had been filmed "under duress". It wasn't until 2014 that the loss was reportedly discovered, despite the fact that it had not been referenced in any of the numerous development updates shared on Kickstarter up until now. Rinnovated Design had pledged to create the initial 3D printer and scanner priced at $100. It raised 651,091 Canadian dollars for the scheme via Kickstarter and a further 74,167 Canadian dollars via another crowdfunding site, Indiegogo. Both platforms let start-ups seek donations from the public, and offer backers rewards that correspond to the value of the pledges. Rinnovated Design was co-owned by Rylan Grayston, who headed up technical development, and David Boe, who took care of financial matters. In a lengthy statement on the business's website, Mr Grayston said the funds raised by the campaigns were initially put in Mr Boe's personal account, from which he took 324,716. 01 Canadian dollars. Mr Grayston said that when Mr Boe "came clean" he agreed to repay the sum, and a decision was taken not to make this public. "He claims to have spent the Kickstarter funds on materials for his house, but he hadn't gotten the construction far enough to get that value back out through his mortgage draws," wrote Mr Grayston. "As stated in the repayment agreement, the plan was that as David reached each stage of his build, he would payout a percentage [of] the draw to Peachy Printer. "David made good on the first payment, and defaulted on the final two. "The last of these payments was on March 2nd 2015, after which I was unable to contact him for months. When I finally did speak to him, I found that he had gotten a lawyer and quite drastically changed his tone. " Mr Grayston said he notified police in October 2015 after failing to resolve the matter. A video posted to YouTube - said to have been filmed in 2014 but only made live on 10 May 2016 - appears to show Mr Boe confessing to the alleged crime. "I made a mistake, I apologise and I am trying to make it right," he said. "Everyone knows it's wrong and I'm not trying to deny it. " When the BBC spoke to Mr Boe he was not aware that Mr Grayston had released the footage and other documents. Mr Boe confirmed he had appeared in the video, but declined to comment about whether he had actually taken money. "That was taken under duress, extreme duress, at that date," he said. "They actually told me exactly what they wanted said in that. "I'm not going to talk about [the allegations] right now. " Kickstarter said the matter under was investigation. "Anyone who abuses our system and the trust of our community exposes themselves to legal action," said its spokesman David Gallagher. "We're reaching out to the law enforcement officials who are already looking into this case, and will assist however we can. " But the Canadian police indicated the case was at an early stage. "The Saskatoon Police Service received a complaint in November 2015 regarding the theft of crowdsourced funds from a 3D printer company," said its director of public affairs Alyson Edwards. "Since then detectives from our economic crime section have conducted some preliminary investigation - however, they are still waiting for more information from the company's owners. "Once they receive that information the crown prosecutor will be consulted to determine if this is a criminal case, or if it should proceed through civil litigation. Mr Grayston was unavailable for comment. However, he did acknowledge on his project's Kickstarter page that some of the details were "mind-boggling. " "I fully expect that some people will think this is just a big conspiracy, but if that were true do you really think I'd be asking you to write to my local police? "After looking at all the evidence, if you still think this is a scam - I encourage you to report that to my city police. " Several of the project's backers posted sympathetic messages to the page, but others wrote that they had more questions, including why it took so long for the alleged theft to be announced. Mr Grayston has said that Rinnovated Design is now "broke" after spending the rest of the money on development and wages. However, he added that he still intends to "spin operations back up" at a later date.
The 34-year-old, who lived in Romford, Essex, had worked as an accountant for the London fire service for 18 months, and used the Tube every day to get to his office in Westminster. On the morning of 7 July, he left home an hour later than usual - a decision which put him on a Circle line train with Shezhad Tanweer. Mr Baisden was the closest person to the bomber and is thought to have been killed instantly when he detonated his device. Since childhood, Mr Baisden has been nicknamed Bazza, spending much of his time outside of work caring for his mother Denise, a widow who suffers from multiple sclerosis. "Over the years, Lee's love and commitment to his family never wavered," she told the inquest in a statement. "His love and support made life so much easier for me and I miss his companionship. When he was killed, Mr Baisden's family mentioned that he loved music, animals, reading, and travel, and had been planning a trip to Greece with his partner of three years, Paul. "Lee was a brave person and did not have any strong political beliefs," his mother said. "He was bright and could have achieved so much in his life. "He planned to get married to his partner, Paul Groman, and he enjoyed life to the full. "He was loyal, sensitive, trustworthy and caring. We will remember him as a fun-loving man who could be stubborn at times. "Lee was somebody who never liked to be the centre of attention and would always shy away from having his photograph taken, but this was one of his endearing qualities. " Mr Baisden's colleagues at the London fire service also paid tribute to him, describing him as "friendly, conscientious and hard working".
Philip Winter, of Almondsbury Parish Council, was immediately suspended by UKIP over offensive language about black people in the tweet. Mr Winter claimed his account had been hacked and that "words in that tweet had been altered". Chairman Phil Hall, however, stated that the council "strongly deplores" the comments and had unanimously agreed to request his resignation. Councillor John Calver, who brought the resolution, said the racist comments were "totally disgraceful" and the council wanted to make it clear it "strongly deplores discriminatory behavior".
Konta, 26, was leading 6-2 3-0 when British number four Tara Moore retired with a foot injury. World number eight Konta, who has now won 300 singles matches in her career, will play Belgian Yanina Wickmayer in round two. Watson, aged 25, suffered a 6-2 6-3 loss to fourth seed Alison Riske of the USA. The defeat for the British number three followed her runner-up finish in the Surbiton Trophy on Sunday. Konta told BBC Radio Nottingham: "I didn't realise I was approaching that number. It was a really nice surprise at the end. "It was good to spend some time out on court, although it wasn't the best circumstances to come through that match. Competing well and enjoying getting my first grass-court match under my belt, in terms of the things I had under my control.
In 1961, the year of Obama's birth, there existed in the American South a system of racial apartheid that separated the races from the cradle to the grave. Whites-only water fountains. Whites-only schools. Whites-only graveyards. In some states, his very conception - involving an African father from Kenya and a white mother from Kansas - would have been a criminal offence. Washington, too, remained a largely segregated city. When in the 1950s, a former TV executive by the name of E Frederic Morrow became the first black White House aide not to have a job description that included turning down beds, polishing shoes or serving drinks with a deferential bow, he was prohibited from ever being alone in the same room as a white woman. Back then, as Morrow recounted in his memoir, Black Man in the White House, African-Americans were routinely stereotyped as sexual predators incapable of controlling their desires. Little more than half a century later, a black man ran the White House - occupying the Oval Office, sitting at the head of the conference table in the Situation Room, relaxing with his beautiful young family in the Executive Mansion - a family that has brought such grace and glamour to America's sleepy capital that it is possible to speak of a Black Camelot. When Jack and Jackie Kennedy lived in the White House, that would have been unthinkable, even though the civil rights movement was starting to hammer more insistently at the walls of prejudice, and seeking legal and legislative redress for a malignant national condition described as the "American dilemma". When demonstrators assembled in August 1963 to hear Martin Luther King deliver his I Have a Dream Speech at the Lincoln Memorial, few would have thought that a black man would one day take the oath of office at the other end of the National Mall. Likewise, how many of the protesters bludgeoned by white policemen on Edmund Pettus bridge in Selma in 1965 would have dared to imagine that, 50 years later, they would cross that same bridge hand in hand with the country's first black president? For veterans of the black struggle, those remarkable images of Obama marking the 50th anniversary of the Selma protest became instantly iconographic, a truly golden jubilee. In legacy terms, his very presence in the White House is one of the great intangibles of his presidency. Just how many black Americans have been encouraged to surmount colour bars of their own? Just how many young African-Americans have altered the trajectory of their lives because of the example set by Obama? And behaviourally, what an example it has been. Because of the lingering racism in American society, the Obamas doubtless knew they would have to reach a higher standard, and they have done so, seemingly, without breaking a sweat. In deportment and personal conduct, it is hard to recall a more impressive or well-rounded First Family. The "when they go low, we go high" approach to racists who questioned his citizenship has made the Obamas look even more classy. His family's dignity in the face of such ugliness recalls the poise of black sit-in protesters in the early 60s, who refused to relinquish their seats at segregated restaurants and lunch counters even as white thugs poured sugar and ketchup over their heads, and punched, kicked and spat at them. Yet racial firsts, of the kind achieved by Barack Hussein Obama, can present a distorted view of history and convey a misleading sense of progress. They are, by their very nature, a singular achievement, a milestone indicative of black advance rather than a destination point. Hollywood did not become colourblind the moment in 1964 that Sidney Poitier became the first black man to win best actor at the Academy Awards any more than discrimination ended in the justice system when Thurgood Marshall first donned the billowing robes of a Supreme Court jurist. Merely because Obama has spent eight years in the White House, America's racial problems have not melted away. Far from it. Indeed, the insurmountable problem for Obama was that he reached the mountaintop on day one of his presidency. Achieving anything on the racial front that surpassed becoming the country's first black president was always going to be daunting. Compounding that problem were the unrealistically high expectations surrounding his presidency. His election triumph is 2008 was also misinterpreted as an act of national atonement for the original sin of slavery and the stain of segregation. Yet Obama did not win the election because he was a black man. It was primarily because a country facing an economic crisis and embroiled in two unpopular wars was crying out for change. Doubtless there have been substantive reforms. His two black attorneys general, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, have revitalised the work of the justice department's civil rights division, which was dormant during the Bush years. The Affordable Healthcare Act, or Obamacare, as it was inevitably dubbed, cut the black uninsured rate by a third. Partly in a bid to reverse the rate of black incarceration, he has commuted the sentences of hundreds of prisoners - 10 times the number of his five predecessors added together. As well as calling for the closure of private prisons, he became the first president to visit a federal penitentiary. "There but for the grace of God," said a man who had smoked pot and dabbled with cocaine in his youth. Early on, he used the bully pulpit of the presidency to assail black absentee fathers, and, more latterly, spoke out against police brutality. But that record of accomplishment looks rather meagre when compared to the drama of hearing "Hail to the Chief" accompany the arrival of a black man on the presidential stage. Race relations have arguably become more polarised and tenser since 20 January 2009. Though smaller in scale and scope, the demonstrations sparked by police shootings of unarmed black men were reminiscent of the turbulence of the 1960s. The toxic cloud from the tear gas unleashed in Ferguson and elsewhere cast a long and sometimes overwhelming shadow. Not since the LA riots in 1992 - the violent response to the beating of Rodney King and the later acquittal of the police officers filmed assaulting him - has the sense of black grievance and outrage been so raw. Historians will surely be struck by what looks like an anomaly, that the Obama years gave rise to a movement called Black Lives Matter. Public opinion surveys highlight this racial restlessness. Not long after he took office in 2009, a New York Times/CBS News poll suggested two-thirds of Americans regarded race relations as generally good. In the midst of last summer's racial turbulence, that poll found there had been a complete reversal. Now 69% of Americans assessed race relations to be mostly bad. An oft-heard criticism of Obama is that he has failed to bring his great rhetorical skills to bear on the American dilemma, and prioritised the LGBT community's campaign for equality at the expense of the ongoing black struggle. But while he was happy to cloak himself in the mantle of America's first black president, he did not set out to pursue a black presidency. He did not want his years in office to be defined by his skin colour. As a candidate, he often left others to attach racial meaning to his candidacy, rather than doing so himself. His famed race speech in the 2008 primary campaign, when his friendship with a fiery black preacher threatened to derail his candidacy, was as much about his white heritage as his black. This remained true when he won election. Besides, there were pressing problems to deal with, not least rescuing the American economy in the midst of the Great Recession and extricating US forces from two long wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Early on in his presidency, his efforts at racial mediation also seemed ham-fisted. The "beer summit" at the White House, when he brought together the black Harvard academic Henry Louis Gates and the white police officer who had arrested him on the porch of his own home in an affluent suburb of Boston, all seemed rather facile. A clumsy photo-opportunity rather than a teachable moment. Obama, one sensed, wanted to speak out more forcefully - initially he said the Cambridge police "acted stupidly" - but his political cautiousness reined him in. Seemingly, he did not want to come across to the public as a black man in the White House. Rather in those early years, it was as if he was trying to position himself as a neutral arbiter in racial matters, though one sensed his preference was for not intervening at all. As his presidency went on, however, it became more emphatically black. He spoke out more passionately and more intimately. Telling reporters that his son would have looked like Trayvon Martin, the unarmed high school student shot dead in Florida by a neighbourhood watch coordinator, was a departure. This new, more candid approach culminated in Charleston, South Carolina, when Obama delivered the eulogy at the funeral of Reverend Clementa Pinckney, the black preacher slain, along with eight other worshippers, by a white supremacist at a bible study class at the Emanuel American Methodist Episcopal church. That afternoon he spoke, as he often does in front of mainly black audiences, with a cadence that almost ventriloquised the Reverend Dr Martin Luther King Jr, and ended, electrifyingly, by singing Amazing Grace. That month he seemed to be at the height of his powers. The Confederate flag, a symbol for many of black subordination, was about to brought down in the grounds of the South Carolina State Capitol because the Charleston gunman Dylann Roof had brandished it so provocatively. Obamacare had withstood a Supreme Court challenge. On the morning that he flew to Charleston, the Supreme Court decreed same-sex marriage would be legal in every state. Progressivism seemed to have triumphed. Obama seemed to have vanquished many of his foes. But that month Donald Trump had also announced his improbable bid for the White House, and the forces of conservatism were starting to rally behind an outspoken new figurehead, who sensed that nativism, xenophobia and fear of the other would be central to his electoral appeal. That America's first black president will be followed by the untitled leader of the Birther movement, a candidate slow to disavow support from the Ku Klux Klan and happy to receive the backing of white nationalists, Donald Trump can easily be portrayed as a personal repudiation and also proof of racial regression. The truth, though, is more complicated. Obama is ending his presidency with some of his highest personal approval ratings, and clearly believes he would have beaten Trump in a head-to-head contest. Moreover, although Trump won decisively in the electoral college, almost three million people more voted for Hillary Clinton nationwide. Hardly producing a clear-cut result that lends itself to neat analysis, the 2016 election is indicative of the mood of the country. What Trump's election does look to have done, however, is end Obama's hopes of being a transformative president, not least because of the proposed rollback of his signature healthcare reform. Truly transformative presidents, like Franklin Delano Roosevelt, enact reforms, like social security, that become part of the nation's fabric rather than being ripped apart. If Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress get their way, Obamacare will be shredded. Nor has he been transformative in the attitudinal sense. Indeed, Trump's victory, messy though it was, can easily be viewed partly as a "whitelash". Much of his earliest and strongest support came from so-called white nationalists, who saw in his candidacy the chance to reassert white cultural and racial dominance. Some of the loudest cheers at his rallies came in response his anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim invectives. Trump's message, from the moment he announced his candidacy to the final tweets of his insurgent campaign, was aimed primarily at white America. The billionaire's victory also makes it harder to view Obama as a transitional president. Eight years ago, it was tempting to cast the country's first black president as the leader who would oversee a peaceable demographic shift from a still strongly Caucasian America - the last census showed that 62. 6% of US citizens are white - to a more ethnically diffuse nation. But the talk now is of walls, not human bridges. Of course, the notion that Obama would usher in a post-racial America was always fanciful, and a claim wisely he steered clear of himself. For all his cries of "Yes we can," he was never that naÃ¯ve. But the black writer Ta-Nehisi Coates makes a persuasive case that Obama has always been overly optimistic on race, in large part because he did not have a conventional black upbringing. His formative years were spent in Hawaii, America's most racially integrated state, and the whites he encountered, namely his mother and grandparents, were doting and loving. Obama was not the victim of discrimination in the same way as a black kid growing up in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, or even New York or Illinois. As a result, he may have underestimated the forces that would seek to paralyse his presidency and to impede racial advance more broadly. The president has said repeatedly since election night that the result proves that history is not linear but rather takes a zig-zagging course. He is also fond of paraphrasing Martin Luther King's famed line that the arc of history bends towards justice. Veering off in a wholly unexpected direction, that curvature has. Besides, at this moment of such national uncertainty, even to talk of arcs of history seems inapt. For as we enter the final days of the Obama presidency, the more accurate descriptor of race relations is a fault-line - the most angry fault-line in US politics and American life, and one that continues to rumble away, threatening small explosions at any time. From Obama we expected seismic change of a more positive kind. And although it was a presidency that began atop a mountain, it ended in something of a valley.
Earlier this month, the 21-year-old was named player of the tournament as Cameroon won their fifth Africa Cup of Nations trophy in Gabon. "AaB have sold Bassogog to Chinese club Henan Jianye FC for a record transfer for AaB," the club said in a statement. Quoted as saying by the AaB website, Bassogog mentioned that the China offer was one he could not refuse because since the first day he arrived, he had received great treatment from everyone both inside and outside the club, feeling very welcome both in the city of Aalborg and at the club. "Now I've got an offer I could not refuse, and I look forward to new and exciting experiences in China. I want to thank my team-mates, coaches and the nice people in administration during our time together. "I must say a big special thanks to the supporters and not least my foster family - they all played a big role in the man I am today," added the midfielder. BBC Sport understands that Henan Jianye signed the player for $8. 7 million in what AaB club director Allan Gaarde - who praised the players' dribbling, pace and physique - described as a remarkable rise. Prior to joining AaB in 2015, Bassogog had been playing in the third tier of football in the United States. "For Christian and AaB, it's been a great story since he came on trial with us only one and a half years ago," Allan Gaarde said. His rapid development was unimaginable. Christian, aside from his on-field skills, is a happy, well-liked person and we wish him all the best in China and every success in the future. " Bassogog started all six games at this year's Nations Cup, scoring in the semi-final as the Indomitable Lions beat Ghana 2-0 He now joins a growing list of African players moving to the Chinese Super League after Nigerian duo John Mikel Obi and Odion Ighalo joined Tianjin Teda and Changchun Yatai respectively last month. The Cameroonian's football career started with Douala outfit Rainbow FC back home before he joined United Soccer League side Wilmington Hammerheads in April 2015. His performance for the North Carolina-based side, who will receive a slice of the transfer fee paid by Henan Jianye, earned him a trial at AaB and he was duly rewarded with a four-year contract in August 2015. During his time in Denmark, he scored four goals in 32 appearances for the four-time Superliga champions.
Trading Standards officers said the boards were in danger of overheating, exploding or catching fire. Hoverboards, which are popular with celebrities including Lilly Allen, are expected to be big Christmas sellers. The London Fire Brigade said at least three house fires were caused by such devices over 10 days in October. Many have plugs without fuses, faulty cables or chargers that can burst into flames, according to Trading Standards. Around the UK, 88% of the hoverboards seized were found to be defective, with most discovered at the Suffolk port of Felixstowe, but others arriving at East Midlands airport and in Glasgow. The faulty devices are thought to have come from East Asia and China and do not conform to European safety standards. Most are not branded and have been ordered by websites or small traders to sell on to bargain-hunting shoppers. Lord Harris, the chair of National Trading Standards, stated that most of these products are suspected to be imported for onward sale domestically as Christmas approaches, urging consumers to be on their guard when purchasing these products. Consumers are being advised, as a minimum, to check that the three-pin plug conforms to BS 1363. Safety laboratories have been so busy testing suspect products that they have had to take on extra staff. Trading Standards is now giving the following tips to consumers who are thinking of buying a hoverboard or who may already have done so: "Consumers should not let a new fashion or craze cloud their judgement and remain vigilant at all times," said Leon Livermore, chief executive of the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. Trading Standards officers in Salford, Greater Manchester, seized 90 hoverboards last month, citing similar safety worries. Fires have also been reported in the US, Australia and Hong Kong. Hoverboards are so called because of a similar device seen in the 1989 film, Back to the Future 2. But it is illegal in the UK to ride them on pavements, or on roads. They can only be used on private land. Anyone who finds such products for sale is being urged to contact the Citizens Advice helpline, on 03454 04 05 06.
Next week, all schools and colleges will receive guidance compiled by Scotland's largest teaching union, the Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS). The 20-page booklet sets out a series of "poverty-proofing measures. " These will help teachers mitigate the effect of low incomes on children's educational experiences. Published after the EIS requested teachers and lecturers to share their experiences of the impact of poverty on their pupils and students, the booklet, titled Face up to Child Poverty, examines areas where cost could potentially become problematic, such as uniform policies, school trips, and access to technology, and explores the financial strain that families may face as a result. It states that high living costs, the low wage economy and changes to the welfare system introduced by the Westminster government have resulted in "growing income inequality in Scotland for the first time in 20 years". It says: "Among those most severely affected by this deleterious economic combination are the children and young people that we teach. Currently 222,000 children in Scotland are in poverty - more than one in five, with the ratio increasing to more than one in three in several parts of Scotland. "Within five years, if the current austerity agenda is maintained, the number of children living in poverty will have increased by almost 50% to 322,000. " On the issue of school uniform, the guidance says: "Consideration should be given to the financial cost to families of adherence to the school's uniform code, especially in cases where the school recommends a particular uniform supplier. "Often such suppliers are more expensive to purchase from than high street stores and supermarkets. In encouraging parents to buy from these more expensive suppliers, schools may be causing families, albeit inadvertently, even greater financial hardship. " Referring to equipment, it said it should "never be assumed that all families can afford to buy even the most basic of resources such as pens and pencils". Teachers should also be mindful of signs of hunger in pupils and respond with "sensitivity" to the issue, according to EIS general secretary Larry Flanagan. "The fact that food poverty now affects such a significant and growing portion of society should bring shame to those in government and elsewhere who continue to promote the harmful and divisive austerity-over-all agenda," he stated. "Schools and colleges are part of society, and so are not immune from the problems of that wider society. Working alone, educational establishments cannot eradicate poverty or eliminate completely its negative impact on young people. "However, teachers and lecturers can, and do, make a very real difference in the lives of the young people that they work with on a day-to-day basis. " He added: "Our hope is that, by offering this booklet to all schools and colleges, teachers and lecturers will give even greater consideration to how poverty affects their pupils and students. ".
The U21 side beat Germany 3-2 in a warm-up for the summer event, which is being held in the Czech Republic. Lineker's belief is that England has the potential to win the Euros, as long as they have a complete squad available for selection. The possible inclusion of Harry Kane and Ross Barkley in the U21s is being hindered by concerns that their clubs may prevent their call-ups. Spurs are due to play Sydney FC in Australia at the end of May, less than three weeks before England's first U21 championship game against Portugal on 18 June. Everton manager Roberto Martinez said recently that midfielder Barkley would need a "proper break" in the summer. Ex-England striker Lineker tweeted that it would be a national disgrace if clubs attempted to pull their players out. "England beat Germany. " Add a few from the seniors and they could win Euros. " Former England, Manchester United and Everton player Phil Neville told BBC Radio 5 live he agreed with Lineker. "Harry Kane's development as a player will only be enhanced by going to the tournament in the summer," added Neville. Media playback is not supported on this device Kane, who has scored 29 goals for Spurs this season, helped the U21s qualify for the Euros but was recently promoted to the senior squad. Scoring on his debut against Lithuania last Friday, he will start Tuesday's friendly against Italy in Turin. England then have a friendly against the Republic of Ireland on 7 June, followed by a Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia on 14 June. Hodgson believes Kane should play for the U21s in the Czech Republic, rather than be part of the senior set-up, according to the England boss. Last week, he suggested that Tottenham's commercial interests could prevent Kane from playing for the U21s. "We still feel we can give the players the best possible preparation to go into the seniors and achieve success if they have got the experience of the European Under-21 Championship behind them," said U21 coach Gareth Southgate. "That is still the case with Harry. " Southgate has already resigned himself to being without Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling. "Realistically, Raheem has become a very important player for the senior team and for Liverpool," said Southgate. "I'm not convinced another tournament in the summer would be right for him. " Lineker says he is "baffled" by the stance Premier League clubs have towards the international game and believes a successful national side would have a "massively positive impact" on English football's top flight.
Housing developer Taylor Wimpey wants to transform the Llandaff plots into housing inspired by London's Georgian squares. The Llandaff Park plans include a range of properties from one-bedroom apartments to five-bedroom houses. BBC staff are set to move to a new building in Central Square in 2018. The Crescent is a three-block, six-storey apartment development planned for the sites that straddle either side of Llantrisant Road - Broadcasting House on the northern side and Ty Oldfield on the southern side, with proposals including 20% affordable homes. Three-storey terraced townhouses with private gardens and roof terraces would form The Square, while The Courtyard would consist of apartment blocks ranging from four to six storeys. The developer said it planned to create a number of additional pedestrian and cycle routes. It said the development would "significantly" reduce traffic.
Chris Smart could have entered the assembly after South Wales West AM Alun Cairns became an MP at the election. But Mr Smart, who was in line to take over the seat on the regional list, says he is "flabbergasted" the party has asked Mr Cairns to remain an AM. The Tories said Mr Smart should raise any concerns with the party management. Mr Cairns offered to resign as an AM after he was elected MP for the marginal seat of Vale of Glamorgan on 6 May. He offered his resignation as an AM almost immediately, but the decision of the Welsh Conservative Board of Management to ask him to stay on has just emerged. Mr Cairns has said he will stay on as an AM until the election next year, but will not draw his assembly salary. Mr Smart, who is a member of Porthcawl Town Council, held the number two spot on the Conservatives' regional list for South Wales West during the previous assembly election. This would have resulted in his entry into the assembly without the need for an election if Mr Cairns's resignation had been accepted. A spokesperson for Mr Cairns said: "Alun has respectfully accepted the board's decision and has previously advised the assembly's fees office that he will not be taking a salary for his work as an AM". Mr Smart said: "I'm flabbergasted to be truthful. It's total disregard for the people of South West Wales more than anything. " He said that while Mr Cairns was "making his push" to become the Vale of Glamorgan MP the South Wales West area was "overlooked" and that since he had been elected that was "certainly the case". "There have been complaints from Bridgend and Neath about the lack of representation. His [Mr Cairns's] Westminster seat is not within the South Wales West area. He also said Mr Cairns should have resigned to the Presiding Officer Dafydd Elis Thomas in the first instance. In response to Mr Smart's comments, the Conservatives said they would not make any further comment. They said that if Mr Smart had any concerns he should raise them with the party's management. Labour demanded an explanation of what it called Mr Cairns's "double jobbing". Bridgend Labour MP Madeleine Moon said that Mr Cairns had "hoodwinked" Vale of Glamorgan voters by saying he would step down as an AM if he was elected to parliament. She said the episode made a mockery of David Cameron's claims towards a "new politics. " Dai Lloyd, the Plaid Cymru AM for South Wales West, said: "It is very difficult to see how Mr Cairns can hope to carry out his work as an AM for one region and the MP for a constituency in another. "At best it shows a complete lack of respect for the people who elected him. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device Fly-half Jason Tovey scored 18 of Dragons' 23 points in a solid display. First-half tries for Ashton Hewitt and Tovey, either side of Luke McGrath's reply for the visitors, gave the hosts a seven-point lead at the break. Second-half pressure applied by Leinster was to no avail and a losing bonus point was denied by two Tovey penalties. The win - Dragons' fourth in the league this season - saw them climb above Zebre into 10th in the table. Leinster, who were without 30 players because of international call-ups, remain second. Wales were given a boost in the build-up to the Six Nations as full-back option Hallam Amos completed a further 80 minutes, continuing his comeback from a shoulder injury. Hewitt stepped inside a challenge to cross for the opening try, his fourth in the Pro12, which was converted by Tovey, before Fergus McFadden's penalty got the visitors on the scoreboard. McGrath, captaining Leinster for the first time, then burst through a gap to score under the post to give the Dublin side a 15th-minute lead, and Fergus McFadden kicked the extras. Dragons were then twice denied possible tries by the television match official, before the game swung in their favour when Leinster's Dan Leavy was sin-binned for foul play. Crossing in the corner after Rynard Landman's offload down the blindside, Tovey took advantage, and then kicked a drop goal before the break. In the second half, Leinster rallied, attempting to move above Scarlets at the top of the table. But Dragons' defence held firm - aside from one McFadden penalty - before McFadden himself was shown a yellow card and Tovey's late penalty ensured the visitors left with nothing. Dragons: Carl Meyer, Ashton Hewitt, Adam Hughes, Adam Warren, Hallam Amos, Jason Tovey, Sarel Pretorius; Boris Stankovich, Thomas Rhys Thomas (c), Brok Harris, Cory Hill, Matthew Screech, Nick Crosswell, Nic Cudd,  Rynard Landman. Replacements: Elliot Dee, Phil Price, Shaun Knight, James Benjamin, Charlie Davies, Geraint Rhys Jones, Nick Scott, Scott Andrews. Leinster: Zane Kirchner; Adam Byrne, Garry Ringrose, Ben Te'o, Fergus McFadden, Cathal Marsh, Luke McGrath; Peter Dooley, James Tracy, Michael Bent, Ross Molony, Hayden Triggs, Dominic Ryan, Dan Leavy, Jordi Murphy Replacements: Richardt Strauss, Jeremy Loughman, Oisín Heffernan, Tadhg Beirne, Peadar Timmins, Isaac Boss, Ian Madigan, Noel Reid Referee: Marius Mitrea (FIR) Assistant referees: Craig Evans, Sean Brickell (both WRU) Citing commissioner: Dennis Jones (WRU) Television match official: Tim Hayes (WRU).
Midway through the first period, McCabe's strike proved decisive despite Wales creating several chances in the contest before and after the interval. Wales won their opening match 2-0 against Hungary before drawing 0-0 with Czech Republic. The Cyprus Cup finals day is on Wednesday, 8 March. Wales Women's' Squad: Claire Skinner (Cyncoed), Laura O'Sullivan (Cardiff City Ladies), Emma Gibbon (Eastern Suburbs FC), Loren Dykes (Bristol City Women), Hannah Miles (Cardiff City Ladies), Hayley Ladd (Bristol City Women), Sophie Ingle (Liverpool), Gemma Evans (Cardiff City Ladies), Shaunna Jenkins (Cardiff City Ladies), Jess Fishlock (Seattle Reign FC - on loan at Melbourne City), Angharad James (Notts County Ladies), Charlie Estcourt (Reading FC Women), Bronwen Thomas (Brighton & Hove Albion Women), Georgia Evans (Bristol City Women), Nadia Lawrence (Yeovil Town Ladies), Helen Ward (Yeovil Town Ladies), Natasha Harding (Liverpool), Rachel Rowe (Reading FC Women), Kayleigh Green (Chieti), Melissa Fletcher (Reading FC Women), Rhiannon Roberts (Doncaster Rovers Belles), Amina Vine (Bristol City Women), Emma Beynon (Swansea City Ladies).
A few weeks ago we reported very real concerns about the choreography in the aftermath of the summit from Eurosceptic cabinet ministers, worried that the PM would be setting the pace and terms of the debate in its vital early hours. The sense in Downing Street was that, while they didn't commit officially to a position, there was no need to shift cabinet from its usual Tuesday spot. They hoped and expected that cabinet ministers who wanted to campaign for exit would keep their counsel until then, when the government had adopted its official position. But in truth, at least one senior figure had already resolved to break their silence and reveal their plan to campaign for Out over the weekend, in defiance of Number 10. David Cameron's team have decided to relent, armed with that knowledge and after several frank conversations with Eurosceptic ministers. This is not just a story for political process nerds (honest), but it illustrates how Eurosceptics, although in a clear minority in the cabinet, have been able to force Downing Street's hand. This week's summit and now, the 24 hours that follow, are shaping up to be some of the most important in David Cameron's political career.
Special Report: The Technology of Business Tech finds profit in poo in Dubai Bringing Lebanon's designers online Words of wisdom Tracking Miss Daisy But one New York-based tech start-up is hoping that worrying about seasons will be a thing of the past when it comes to growing your own plants, fruit and veg. Bitponics claims to be "your personal gardening assistant". The system it sells is a cloud-based hydroponics gardening manager. In terms of growing cannabis, many people may only have heard of hydroponics, but actually it is widely used in farming. Hydroponics involves growing plants without soil, instead using a reservoir of nutrient solutions in water. What Bitponics strives to do is automate hydroponic systems. The technology it has developed is an electronic box that has sensors attached. These sensors, or probes, go into the reservoir of your hydroponic system and monitor things like pH levels, temperature, humidity, and the data is then sent wirelessly to the cloud. Two outlets let you plug in lights or pumps, which can be set on timers to aid growing. A web app gives you a grow plan, which notifies you by text or email when when you need to add nutrients or change the water reservoir. "Right now our customer is, I guess, hobbyist or novice gardeners - people who have existing hydroponics systems," says Bitponics co-founder Michael Doherty. "Hydroponics is really great for urban environments where you don't have a lot of space. You can do it indoors. "But also it's great for anyone because usually the yield is a lot higher, you get more plants in a shorter period of time so you don't have to wait a full season. " In this digital world of sharing content and ideas, Bitponics also involves a community element, which Mr Doherty says is unique in its field. "There's no automation device that has a community aspect that's web-enabled as we are," he says. An online community of users can share growth plans, where you can share what works and what doesn't work with others for particular plants in particular systems. He says that eventually, we'll have a library where you'll be able to find anything. On a commercial level, hydroponics is the most-used technology in greenhouse vegetable production in the US, says Dr Melissa Brechner, director at the CEA Center for Technology Transfer at Cornell University. But for any individuals looking to make money from using hydroponics technology in their own greenhouse, Dr Brechner has this advice: "Try it first as a hobby rather than as an enterprise. "I've seen a lot more interest in locally produced food and that has opened a market for some smaller growers. "But you're probably not going to be able to make your entire living from one greenhouse worth of lettuce, although you might if you're willing to put the time in. "We usually say the third person to own a greenhouse makes money with it. " Hydroponics and aeroponics - a type of hydroponics, but rather than growing in nutrient-rich water, grows in the air and the plants get sprayed with nutrients - technology is increasingly being utilised by businesses themselves. John Mooney is the founder and chef at the Bell Book & Candle restaurant in Manhattan. The restaurant, located in Greenwich Village, has little outdoor space so Chef Mooney decided to make use of the dead space it had - the roof - in order to grow his own vegetables. He uses a system called, Tower Garden, a vertical, aeroponic growing system. The concept of vertical farming is not new - the phrase was first coined by Gilbert Ellis Bailey in 1915 as pressure increased on already limited farmland - and involves growing produce either in a skyscraper greenhouse, or in this case, a tower. Mr Mooney's rooftop is full of these white towers, where seeds are planted up along each tower's spine. Each tower has its own reservoir at the base, which is on a timer and has a pump that sprinkles the roots of the plants every 12 minutes. He says it was important to be as close to the source as possible: "When you pick something with the roots attached, that's still living, that's probably the best benefit. " The roof garden grows everything from aubergines, tomatoes and chilli peppers to herbs and watermelons. However, with a soilless system you obviously cannot grow anything that would be subterranean - so no onions or carrots, for instance. And roof gardens are not immune to the weather either, regardless of the technology used. The garden was wiped out during Hurricane Sandy and needed reconstructing. While growing his own vegetables obviously makes economic sense, Chef Mooney says the benefits are much broader than that. "There's two ways to look at it. It does pay for itself. I know how much I would spend on vegetables if I'm purchasing everything in, which is about $6,000 a month, a little more probably. "But the quality that we produce, having it on location - growing for consumption not for transport - and then having the staff involved in the process brings much more to the table than the actual monetary value. " Aeroponics technology does have its difficulties though. "What happens if the nozzles clog or the pumps fail?" says Dr Brechner. "With aeroponics there is absolutely no water holding capacity; if your pump fails your plants can all be dead in 10 minutes. If it's a hot sunny day your plants are just going to wilt and die. "It's not the best system. " Tim Blank, who developed the Tower Garden technology, acknowledges that, historically, aeroponics has had its challenges but believes he has overcome them with his design. "The design in aeroponics systems is using misters. Hydroponic nutrient solution is full of things like calcium and magnesium - which cloud up the mister in a short amount of time," he says. So what was the solution? To put it simply, bigger holes in the shower head and using a lower pressure pump to prevent clogging. "This has an energy benefit as well, as previously high pressure pumps used a lot of electricity," he says. Mr Blank, who was previously chief horticulturist and greenhouse manager of the Living with the Land pavilion at Disney's Epcot theme park in Florida, founded Future Growing to sell the Tower Garden technology on a commercial level. It is now available to individual consumers too, after nutritional products group Juice Plus+ bought the rights to produce and distribute Tower Gardens for home use in 2011. Although one tower and the kit that comes with it will set you back $499 (Â£330), Mr Blank believes it will pay for itself in "less than a few years". And he believes the market for home-growing technologies will, pardon the pun, only grow. "People are concerned about food safety. They want to be in control of their own food. We've created technology that allows them to grow in their backyard. " He adds: "The primary challenges in agriculture are the carbon footprint and water usage. With vertical aeroponics, we are using up to 95% less water and up to 90% less land than traditional agriculture. "In a world we live in where farmers feel like their future's threatened, the great news is the technology is there to help them. ".
An airline spokesman told the BBC that reports of a passenger trying to access the cockpit were incorrect and they were not particularly concerned. Upon landing at Boston's Logan Airport on Tuesday, police met the plane. The 30-year-old woman was restrained by the crew during the flight, the FAA said. Originating from London's Heathrow Airport, the six-and-half-hour Flight BA 213 saw British Airways officials stating that they believe the woman was intoxicated, and that they did not think the incident was related to terrorism. "We do not tolerate abusive behaviour," a statement said. Four passengers were removed from a Baltimore to Chicago flight because of "suspicious behaviour" earlier on Tuesday. The incidents come as authorities have been put on heightened alert after devastating gun and suicide attacks killed at least 129 people in Paris.
Goalkeeper Sam Slocombe could only parry Matt Green's low effort and Rose was on hand to turn the ball home at the far post two minutes into added time. Mansfield, who put three past Crawley in Saturday's win, started the night at full pelt and carved out two good chances in the first nine minutes. But Ashley Hemmings headed wide from seven yards from a Pat Hoban cross in the fourth minute, and shortly afterwards Hoban cut in from the left and warmed Slocombe's hands with a fierce shot he was forced to parry. The rest of the half was an even affair with no real chances and littered with numerous whistles for a string of fouls. Blackpool improved after the break and goalkeeper Scott Shearer had a save to make after 55 minutes when a free-kick was rolled to Brad Potts and his firm shot was on target from 25 yards. Six minutes later he turned over a Potts header from a Jack Payne free-kick. Slocombe had to get down to turn away a 20-yard Chris Clements volley 20 minutes from time before he was finally beaten at the death. Report supplied by the Press Association Match ends, Mansfield Town 1, Blackpool 0. Second Half ends, Mansfield Town 1, Blackpool 0. Danny Rose (Mansfield Town) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration. Goal!  Mansfield Town 1, Blackpool 0. Danny Rose (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the centre of the goal. Attempt saved. Matt Green (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Foul by Rhys Bennett (Mansfield Town). In the attacking half, Jack Payne (Blackpool) is awarded a free kick. In the attacking half, Danny Rose (Mansfield Town) earns a free kick. Foul by Tom Aldred (Blackpool). Attempt saved. Oscar Gobern (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Jamie McGuire (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Colin Daniel (Blackpool). Attempt missed. Jack Payne (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Colin Daniel. Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Tom Aldred (Blackpool). Attempt missed. Colin Daniel (Blackpool) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul as Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town) sends a high and wide left-footed shot from outside the box. Jamie McGuire (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Colin Daniel (Blackpool). Substitution, Blackpool. Danny Philliskirk replaces Mark Cullen. Delay in match Mitch Rose (Mansfield Town) because of an injury. Attempt blocked. Mark Cullen (Blackpool) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Chris Clements (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, Mansfield Town. Danny Rose replaces Ashley Hemmings. Substitution, Blackpool. Armand Gnanduillet replaces Jamille Matt. Matt Green (Mansfield Town) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Matt Green (Mansfield Town). Tom Aldred (Blackpool) wins a free kick on the left wing. Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Clark Robertson. Attempt missed. Tom Aldred (Blackpool) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high following a corner. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Scott Shearer. Attempt saved. Clark Robertson (Blackpool) header from very close range is saved in the bottom left corner. Foul by Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town). Brad Potts (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Hand ball by Oscar Gobern (Mansfield Town). Foul by Brad Potts (Blackpool). Mitch Rose (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. Brad Potts (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Chris Clements (Mansfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
A report from the Advisory Council on Mathematics Education (ACME) suggests teachers responsible for maths in both primary and secondary schools need better qualifications and training. Without more good teachers efforts to improve skills were "built on sand", said report author Robert Barbour. The government said it had prioritised maths teacher recruitment. Global school rankings published in May this year put UK pupils 20th in the world for maths and science. ACME notes 94% of initial teacher training in England was rated good or outstanding by Ofsted last year but urges "a step change" for maths teacher training to "meet the challenge of England becoming a world-class mathematics education system". "We are not at the bottom, we are not a basket case," said Mr Barbour, who added that he felt maths teaching in England should "aspire to level with the best". The authors compared maths teacher training in England with four of the world's most successful education systems: Singapore, Shanghai, Germany and Massachusetts. In particular, all trainee teachers who will teach maths should have higher qualifications than at present, both at primary and secondary level, they argue. All primary teachers teach maths, argues the report, but most have not studied the subject since they were 16. At present, trainee primary teachers are required to have a minimum of a C in GCSE maths. However, the authors advocate for all trainee primary teachers to have studied maths until the age of 18 in the future. They argue that the government's new core maths qualifications, which promote the application of maths in real-life situations, would be ideal. The difficulty is "schools are finding they haven't got the teachers to offer core maths", said Mr Barbour. At secondary level, the shortage of maths graduates means more trainees with related degrees such as economics should be encouraged into the subject with courses to enhance their mathematical knowledge, says the report. But these courses can be variable in quality and need better regulation, said Mr Barbour. The report also calls for better mathematics mentoring for trainee and newly qualified teachers at both primary and secondary level, with subject experts based in schools. It also urges better professional development for fully qualified teachers. The authors recognise these changes will take time. "We can't flick a switch and say we will do this next year. It will take long term patient planning but it will have a huge impact," said Mr Barbour. The National Association of Head Teachers said 10 years was too long to wait for more good maths teachers. "The children in the system today won't see the benefits before they leave school," said general secretary Russell Hobby. "The effectiveness of recruitment needs to be addressed immediately. For the teachers there are in the system today, it's vital that they have access to proper professional development to increase their expertise. " Lizana Oberholzer of the National Association of School Based Teacher Training said she supported higher maths standards for teachers - but said it was also important to attract trainees from a wider pool of graduates. "It is key that we keep in mind that we need to make sure we develop people with maths skills appropriately and they might come to teaching from different walks of life. " The government said it had recruited more maths teachers this year than last, with the number and quality of teachers in England's schools "at a record high". A Department for Education spokesman stated, "The cap has been removed for schools and providers on training allocations for maths, with increased bursaries and scholarships available for postgraduate initial teacher training recruitment in maths. This means trainees with at least a 2:2 degree will receive £25,000. Additionally, up to £67m has been pledged to enhance the skills of 15,000 existing non-specialist teachers and to recruit an additional 2,500 specialist maths and physics teachers over this parliament. " " The government had also made more salaried training places available to encourage more career changers into teaching, said the spokesman.
The accident happened on Sunday in Wilburton, Cambridgeshire. In his living room, Dave McCarthy, the house renter, found that "approximately 20 tonnes of maize" from the trailer had ended up. No one was present during the crash. No action would be taken against the driver, a 26-year-old man from Ely, who was uninjured, police said. The crash, at about 09:00 BST, "blew both front doors out but thankfully nobody was here and nobody got hurt", said Mr McCarthy, who was at work at the time of the crash. "I'd even decided at the last minute to take the dog to work with me, otherwise she would have no doubt been buried in maize, as it was knee-deep. " He said it was "an accident waiting to happen". He explained that traffic calming measures cannot be implemented unless the road is reclassified as an 'A' road, as we have observed the lorries and tractors passing through the village. In January 2011, prior to Mr McCarthy's arrival, a tractor transporting carrots collided with the front of the house, resulting in a partial reconstruction.
Sakho, 23, who has 14 France caps, will cost around £18m from Paris St-Germain. Sporting Lisbon's Ilori, 20, has represented Portugal at youth level but is still eligible to play for England because he is born in London. Sakho told the club's website: "I came here because the project at Liverpool interests me. I'm really looking forward to playing my first game. An important marquee signing for us, he is the most expensive signing of the summer for manager Brendan Rodgers and can play in the centre of defence as well as at left-back, according to Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre. It was a difficult one to do and it was a difficult one for us to get, but I'm very pleased that we've been able to attract him to the club. " Ilori, who cost £7m, said: "Liverpool have a great team and I think it's the place for me to be at the moment. "There have been some great teams here in the past, the club has won a lot of trophies and I want to be a part of it. " Rodgers has now signed seven players this summer following the captures of defender Kolo Toure, striker Iago Aspas, winger Luis Alberto, goalkeeper Simon Mignolet and left-back Aly Cissokho. Liverpool prioritised defensive recruitments because Sebastian Coates has been ruled out for most of the season while Toure and Cissokho are also injured. Sakho and Ilori were both at Anfield on Sunday to watch Liverpool beat Manchester United to move top of the Premier League. Meanwhile, forward Daniel Pacheco has left Liverpool to join Spanish second tier side AD Alcorcon. The 22-year-old had struggled to break into the Reds first-team and failed to score in his 17 senior appearances during his six years with the Merseysiders. He was sent out on loan to Rayo Vallecano, Norwich City and Huesca but has now moved to Alcorcon on a permanent basis. I will always be a red," tweeted Pacheco. "It's been my house and I will never forget it. I hope we celebrate the Premier League [title] this season, and thanks to all you fans for the support.
People on board a number of flights said firms had not turned up to clear ice from their planes - forcing the aircraft to queue to be de-iced. Earlier, Manchester Airport reported "minor delays to departing aircraft". It said de-icing was the responsibility of airlines and their ground teams but its staff "stepped in to assist". A Manchester Airport spokesperson said airport staff helped with the "organisation of de-icing, when it was clear a back log was forming and third parties needed assistance". "At no time today did the airport's infrastructure or services falter. " A Flybe spokesperson said in "exceptional circumstances" like Friday's heavy snow "it is ultimately the airport that directs the priority in which the de-icing rigs should service the aircraft". "Airlines can advise their preferences but have no control over any final decision that in such an instance is wholly directed by the airport. " Liz Shimmin, who is due to fly to the Isle of Man with her three-year-old child, said they boarded their Flybe plane at 08:30 GMT but were still waiting after they had been told that they were second in the queue for the de-icer. She said information had been "inconsistent" and passengers were feeling cold as the doors were being kept open. Shirley Hale, who is on a Jet2 flight bound for Tenerife, said tempers were "beginning to fray" as passengers waited for information. Carol Lowe, who was scheduled to fly to Switzerland with Easyjet, said she had been sitting on a plane waiting to be de-iced for over three hours, but Jet2 has not responded yet. "We were due to leave for Geneva at 10:50 but didn't board until midday - at that point we were told the aircraft was number 30 in a queue to be de-iced. "No sign of that happening yet. The pilot and crew have been fantastic and have been handing out snacks. At the moment, we just have to wait until the snow stops falling. Apologising for any inconvenience caused, easyJet stated that the circumstances are outside of the airline's control. The situation is being reviewed continuously and passengers are being reassured that everything possible is being done to minimise the disruption. " The airport said it was "fully open for flights" but advised passengers to check the status of their flights with their airline.
The Fear Group was planning to build 600 student flats at the old Sainsbury's site on Shaftesbury Street. Following a large fire at the location on Wednesday evening, the firm told BBC Wales it would now sell the land. Fire investigators have confirmed the blaze was started deliberately. Speaking to BBC Radio Wales, the company's director Stephen Fear said they were pulling out of the project because of threats and attacks "from yobs". He also cited delays over the demolition of the former Sainsbury's supermarket as a reason for the sale. He told the Good Evening Wales programme that there had been numerous problems in the last few months. Mr Fear said vandals and thieves had already caused nearly a million pounds worth of damage to the site before the arson attack overnight. "I was threatened on site by seven young people. My son was threatened by a drug addict who was in a canopy under the building-  this guy threatened him with a needle. We've had enough of it. Due to the threats and the perceived lawlessness in this area of Newport, we have decided that this task is better suited for someone else and not for us. " He said they would move investment to where it was "perhaps more welcome". Council leaders in the city said they hoped to discuss the matter with Mr Fear "to enable this much anticipated and important regeneration scheme to proceed". The council leader, Debbie Wilcox, expressed her disappointment at the Fear Group's decision. Having worked on highly successful projects with developers, we have seen a great deal of potential in the city and are aware of individuals who are interested in investing in Newport. ".
While thousands of people across Britain were infected with Hepatitis C and HIV through NHS blood products, the inquiry was focused on victims in Scotland. It has been described as the worst treatment disaster in the history of the NHS. The report looked at people in Scotland who were infected with blood-borne viruses - HIV and Hepatitis C - in the course of medical treatment on the NHS. The period scrutinised by the inquiry began on 1 January 1974 and ended on 1 September 1991, when screening of donated blood for the Hepatitis C virus was introduced throughout the UK. The infections came from blood which had been donated by people who had the viruses. Some were infected during blood transfusions for illness, injury or during childbirth or surgery. In the case of haemophilia therapy it occurred as a result of transfusions of blood products made from large pools of donations and given to remedy the deficiency of clotting factor in a patient's blood. About 2,500 people are thought to have been infected with Hepatitis C by blood transfusion on the NHS in Scotland. At least 18 were infected with HIV. The report said a further 478 bleeding disorder patients (haemophiliacs) are thought to have been infected with hepatitis C, and 60 with HIV, from blood products. A statement from Lord Penrose read out at the publication of the report said: "The state of knowledge of each virus informed the inquiry's assessments of the acting of doctors. " HIV was first identified in 1983 but international acceptance did not "crystalise" until 1984. The report said testing for HIV in blood products was not possible before the virus was identified. The Lord Penrose's statement said: "Some commentators believe that more could have been done to prevent infection in particular groups of patients. "Careful consideration of the evidence has however revealed few aspects in which matters should or, more importantly, could have been handled differently. "In relation to HIV/Aids it appeared to the inquiry that when actions in Scotland were subjected to international comparison they held up well. "Once the risk had emerged all that could reasonably be done was done in the areas of donor selection, heat treatment of products and screening of donated blood. "Other than by a general cessation of therapy with concentrates, the infection of haemophilia patients with HIV over the period 1980-1984 could not have been prevented. " It said the science of the hepatitis C virus was not understood in the 1970s and identification of the "causative virus" did not take place until 1988. Lord Penrose's statement said: "As with HIV it was not possible to test the native blood for the virus until the virus had been discovered, although alternatives including testing for other indicators of infection were adopted in some countries. " The first test kits for hepatitis C virus only became available in November 1989. The inquiry did point to a delay in the introduction of the screening of donated blood for the hepatitis C virus. It said a decision on screening should have been taken by middle of May 1990 rather than in November 1990. Implementing it took 10 months. Despite being ready to implement the screening, a delay in Scotland was caused by issues in England and Wales. The last year that blood donations were collected from prisoners in Scotland was 1984. Only a small proportion of blood was coming from prisons by this time. But there was little information on how many prisoners were drug users and thus a risk of having infections. The inquiry heard from Scottish National Blood Transfusion experts that "with the benefit of hindsight" taking blood from prisoners was "inadvisable and should have stopped earlier". Heat treatment ended the transmission of HIV by NHS blood products in Scotland by October 1985, and from commercial products by about the same time. The report said there may subsequently have been "isolated" infections from donors who had the virus but had not created antibodies. Further developments in heat treatments also made blood products safe against the hepatitis C virus by 1987. The inquiry's single recommendation is that the Scottish government takes all reasonable steps to offer a hepatitis C test to everyone in Scotland who had a blood transfusion before September 1991 and who has not been tested for the disease.
The South Africa-born 23-year-old had been playing club cricket in the East Anglian Premier League this season. Kent's high performance director Simon Willis told the club website that Sean demonstrates great maturity with the bat and a strong understanding of his game. Added Willis, "His focus and concentration are evident in the number of runs he has scored in all formats. Dickson, who has a British mother and holds a UK passport, has previously played first-class cricket for Northerns in South Africa." Making his first-team debut for the club in their T20 Blast match against Glamorgan on Friday, he also bowls medium pace. Kent have not disclosed the length of his contract at the St Lawrence Ground.
The men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on Monday in the Rotherham area. As part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham, South Yorkshire Police stated that the arrests had been made. On bail are three men, aged 35, 38, and 39, who were arrested in Goole, East Yorkshire, in November as part of the same inquiry.
What was surprising, however, was how few candidates tried to lay a hand on front-runner Donald Trump. There was plenty of heat in this fifth Republican debate, but very little of it involved the New York businessman who claims leads in almost every recent presidential preference poll. Here's how the night's biggest battles shaped up - and the winners and losers. But before we get to that, let's talk about the fight that didn't happen. It seems stunning that just over a week ago Mr Trump made international headlines with his call to close the US border to all Muslim immigrants and visitors. Although the subject was raised early on, and Mr Trump stood by his position, it received only tepid condemnation. "This is not a serious proposal," former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said. Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz both added that they could understand why some Americans support Mr Trump's idea. And that, essentially, was that. The topic didn't come up again, and it seemed Mr Trump's opponents were more outraged by his views on "closing off" part of the internet to deter the so-called Islamic State, which Senator Rand Paul said ran counter to First Amendment free speech rights. Winner: Mr Trump, of course. With his fellow candidates dancing around the proposed ban, the New York businessman paid no political price for his views. His supporters largely love him for taking what they see as a bold stance, but the party as a whole could end up losing as it becomes associated with a policy that is opposed by a majority of Americans. Mr Bush was the only candidate who tried a head-on charge against Mr Trump, although the exchanges often sounded more like childish squabbles than serious differences of opinions. "I know you're trying to build up your energy, Jeb, but it's not working very well," Mr Trump said. "You're not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency," Mr Bush retorted. "Leadership is not about attacking people and disparaging people. " Mr Trump shot back with a quip about Mr Bush's poll standings and how he was slowly moving farther and farther from the centre of the stage. "I know you are, but what am I" was the only rhetorical device seemingly left in the bag. Winner: Mr Bush definitely baited Mr Trump into losing his temper, and the former governor held his own in the ensuing exchanges. "A little taste of your own medicine," Mr Bush said at one point. If this fight had come a few months earlier, Mr Bush might have more of a pulse in this race. As it is, however, he was the winner - but with a victory that will likely prove hollow. A expected fight that materialised was between the two first-year senators who are increasingly being seen as the men most likely to eventually surpass Mr Trump. Throughout the evening, Mr Cruz and Mr Rubio clashed, each attempting to fight on terrain they consider more advantageous. Mr Rubio struck first, criticising Mr Cruz for voting to curtail US surveillance powers. "The next time there is attack on this country, the first thing people are going to want to know is, why didn't we know about it and why didn't we stop it?" Rubio said. "And the answer better not be because we didn't have access to records or information that would have allowed us to identify these killers before they attacked. " When the topic turned to immigration, however, it was Mr Cruz who went on the offensive, accusing Mr Rubio of backing amnesty for undocumented immigrants in the US. "There was a time for choosing," Mr Cruz said. "Where there was a battle over amnesty, some chose, like Senator Rubio, to stand with Barack Obama and [Democratic Senator] Chuck Schumer and support a massive amnesty plan. " Winner: Both senators are gifted debaters and held their own. If Mr Cruz edged ahead in the exchanges, it was only because the next person to speak in both case was someone more closely aligned with the Texas senator's positions - Senator Rand Paul on surveillance and Mr Trump on immigration. They had the last word, and it was to Mr Rubio's detriment. One of the more interesting fights of the evening came between New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Mr Paul, representing the hawkish and non-interventionist wings of their party respectively. When the topic of US involvement in Syria came up, Mr Christie - brandishing his tough-talking credentials - took an aggressive position on enforcing a no-fly zone in Syria, even when it came to Russia. "We would shoot down the planes of Russian pilots if in fact they were stupid enough to think that this president was the same feckless weakling that the president we have in the Oval Office is right now," he said. Mr Paul responded that if Americans wanted someone who would start World War III, "you have your candidate". "What we want in a leader is someone with judgement, not someone who is so reckless," he said. Winner: Although Mr Paul has recently been more outspoken in calling for foreign policy restraint, Mr Christie's views likely jibe more closely to Republican primary voters. The exchange gave him a chance to boast that, as a governor and former prosecutor, he was a man of action - unlike his senate counterparts, who are all talk. Advantage, Mr Christie.
According to its latest report, two thirds involved illegal drugs. Cocaine-related deaths rose to 247 - up from 169 in 2013, while deaths from heroin and/or morphine increased by 579 to 952 between 2012 and 2014. The Department of Health said any drug-related death was a tragedy. But while in England there was a 17% rise in the drug misuse mortality rate in 2014, up to 39. 7 per million head of population, in Wales the rate fell by 16% to 39 deaths per million, the lowest since 2006. The number of people dying from drugs misuse in Wales fell by 20% to 168 last year, down from 208 recorded deaths in 2013. Legal drugs which were misused and associated with deaths during this period include Tramadol, linked to 240 cases, codeine, which was associated with 136, and Diazepam, linked to 258. Of the 3,346 drug poisoning deaths registered in 2014, illegal drugs were involved with 2,248 cases. Males were more than 2. 5 times more likely to die from drug misuse than females, the report says. People aged 40 to 49 had the highest mortality rate from drug misuse - 88. 4 deaths per million population - followed by people aged 30 to 39 - 87. 9 deaths per million. As in previous years, the majority were males, with 2,246 deaths compared with 1,100 female deaths. A Department of Health spokeswoman said: "Although we are seeing fewer people year on year using heroin, in particular young people, any death related to drugs is a tragedy. Helping people get off drugs and stay off them for good is our drugs strategy, and we will continue to assist local authorities in providing tailored treatment to users. Rosanna O'Connor, director of Alcohol, Drugs and Tobacco at Public Health England, expressed great concern about the latest rise in deaths caused by heroin use. She added: "The increased global availability and purity of heroin is clearly having an impact in England. "Fewer people are using heroin but the harms are increasingly concentrated among older, more vulnerable users and those not recently in touch with their local drug treatment services. Reassuringly, treatment services have helped many people to recover and overall drug use has declined, but these figures show the need for an enhanced effort. The news comes after it was revealed last month that the number of drug-related deaths in Scotland has risen to its highest level since records began. The National Records of Scotland report said 613 people died as a result of drugs in 2014.
Valued at £50m by the Reds, the England international has also been linked with Arsenal and Real Madrid. The 20-year-old, who joined Liverpool from QPR in 2010, is under contract until 2017 but has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal. Boss Brendan Rodgers said last month he expected Sterling to stay at Anfield for the remainder of his current deal. The bid comes a day after City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak pledged to invest in players this summer. "You will see us in the market bringing in high-quality individuals that fit within what we are aspiring to," he said. Media playback is not supported on this device "We want a squad which is able and has the capability and quality to win the Premier League, to compete and win the Champions League and be able to go all the way in two cup competitions in England. " City and England goalkeeper Joe Hart believes his club are planning to buy British this summer to avoid breaking Uefa competition rules, which require a quota of home-grown players in each squad. Hart is the only Englishman left in the City first-team squad following the departures of Frank Lampard and James Milner. "With home-grown rules, it will be top of their list to bring in English players or to promote some of the young lads," he said. Coming close to winning the Premier League in 2013-14, Sterling was an influential figure as Liverpool eventually finished second to City. However, the Merseysiders struggled this season, finishing sixth. Former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard said Sterling had the chance to become the club's "number one player" by staying at Anfield. Sterling was booed by sections of the crowd at last weekend's international in Dublin as England drew with Republic of Ireland. Aside from the links with City, new Real Madrid boss Rafael Benitezhas admitted he "admires" Sterling. Former Reds striker John Aldridge has criticised Sterling's agent Aidy Ward, who said last month that his player would not sign a new deal at Anfield even it was worth "£900,000 a week". Aldridge told BBC Radio 5 live: 'The way he has gone about handling the situation with Raheem is pathetic. He is better off where he is and his agent should see this. I feel sorry for the lad. ".
Thomson started his third spell at Easter Road last week having negotiated his release with Dundee's Paul Hartley. "I had a chat with the manager at Dundee and felt that the travelling was really hard on the body," the midfielder told BBC Scotland. "I'm only 31. I feel as though I can contribute. " Thomson was Dundee captain but had made only 12 appearances for the Premiership side this season because of a number of niggling injuries, before the chance came to return to a club sitting second in the Championship. "I thought about not so much calling it a day but potentially looking at a new opportunity and this opportunity arrived straight after and it was certainly something that I couldn't pass up," he said. Thomson has had a career plagued with injury and feels that these may now be catching up with him, the reason why he has been unable to play as much as he would have liked this season. "I have had two knee reconstructions, two ACL ligament ruptures, after which I have had screws put in both knees," said the former Rangers midfielder, capped three times for Scotland. "I also broke my leg four times at Middlesbrough in the space of a year. "I don't want any sympathy, but it's always nice to get some respect when people know how hard you have had to dig to get back to where you got to. "I feel as if I've got a couple of years to give and, if I can do that then retire, I will be a happy lad. Ahead of Saturday's League Cup semi-final against St Johnstone at Tynecastle, Thomson spoke. Hibs last lifted the League Cup in 2007, when they defeated Kilmarnock 5-1 at a rain-soaked Hampden Park, but Thomson had left the club a few months earlier to join Rangers so missed out on a winners' medal. "I would have loved to have been on that pitch and been involved," said Thomson, who will have a coaching role with Hibs' academy. "The team were terrific at Hampden. "It is hard when you are a Hibby and you're here as a captain and they go on to lift the cup and potentially that could have been me. "Probably the right word is jealousy, but it's not a regret as such, I would have loved to have been there myself." I was probably jealous of the starting 11 and the two or three subs that got on that day. ".
The member of staff was struck a number of times by the attacker, who got out of a car outside the club at the Square in Ballyclare, according to police. His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening. It happened at about 23:00 BST on Saturday. A 27-year-old man was arrested. He has since been released on police bail pending further enquiries.
A revelation in his first campaign with the Swans, injuries and inaction have seen the Spaniard slide into relative obscurity with six goalless appearances for Napoli. Swansea manager Garry Monk will discuss Michu's future with him in the summer, and he faces a tricky decision. Should Monk convince the club's former top-scorer to stay at the Liberty Stadium once he returns from Italy? Or should the Swans offload a 29-year-old with one year left on his contract and a dwindling transfer value? "I've got a good relationship with Michu. We were team-mates so I knew him anyway and being a manager we have that relationship still," says Monk. In the summer, I talked to him very well, I saw he wanted to go and I was fine with that, so it will be the same sort of situation come this summer. He announced his arrival in spectacular fashion, however, scoring two goals in Swansea's 5-0 opening-day thrashing of Queens Park Rangers. Swansea were top of the table after three games and, with Michu scoring in all three wins, the languid, shaggy-haired Spaniard was soon ubiquitous. Manager Michael Laudrup described his acquisition as the "bargain of the season", while Sir Alex Ferguson joked he would be having a word with Manchester United's scouting department after failing to spot this hitherto unknown talent. With some of the Premier League's bigger clubs rumoured to be circling, Swansea gave Michu a new contract in January 2013 which would expire in 2016. Buoyed by his improved terms, he went on to score 22 goals in all competitions and was named Swansea's player of the year in a memorable season in which they won the Capital One Cup. Michu's seemingly irresistible rise showed no signs of slowing as he made a breezy start to his second season, scoring the first goal of the Swans' Europa League campaign in a 4-0 win over Malmo. He also struck in the famous 3-0 victory away against former Champions League finalists Valencia, as Swansea continued to dazzle under Laudrup. Michu's displays were particularly sparkling, catching the eye of Spain's World Cup-winning manager Vicente del Bosque and earning a debut in a World Cup qualifier against Belarus in October 2013. With the likes of Xavi and Cesc Fabregas in the Spanish side that day, Michu was in esteemed company. But that remains his only cap to date. After his winning debut for the then world champions, Michu soon saw his season fall apart. Less than a month later, he sustained what seemed to be an innocuous ankle injury during a 1-0 south Wales derby defeat at the Cardiff City Stadium. After a hasty return for two matches in December, Michu was sidelined until March, his last goal of the season coming in October. After an underwhelming end to his second term at Swansea, Michu joined Napoli on a season-long loan in what appeared to be an attempt to revitalise his career. However, the move to Italy has not proved to be the revival Michu had hoped for. The Spaniard has made only six appearances this season - his last coming back in October in a Europa League defeat by Young Boys. Despite injuries affecting the 29-year-old, he has consistently found himself playing second fiddle to Gonzalo Higuain, Lorenzo Insigne, Dries Mertens, Manolo Gabbiadini, Marek Hamsik, and others in the attacking pecking order. Monk empathizes with him and is hopeful that a healthy Michu - whether that be at Swansea or elsewhere - could potentially revive his past successes. "It's just his injuries. He hasn't had a sustained period when he's been fit, which is always hard as a player," says Monk. "He's been unfortunate - nothing else but that. "If he can get himself a sustained period when he's not injured, you will see the same quality he has always shown here. ".
Grabban, 29, scored three goals in 19 games while on loan at Championship play-off finalists Reading last season. Steele, aged 26, has agreed to a four-year deal with the Championship team. Grabban stated that a key factor in his decision to transfer was the opportunity to be coached by Simon Grayson, the manager of the Black Cats. "The size of the club and its history attracted me, as well the manager." It's a good opportunity for me," he told the Championship club's website. "He told me what he wanted and what his ambitions were, and that's why I'm here. Eddie Howe, Cherries boss, stated that Grabban would be allowed to depart "for the right offer" and has not been assigned a squad number at the club. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou has announced he is stepping down as KMT party chairman in response to the defeat, which was widely seen on the island as a rejection of his party's push for closer ties with Beijing. An article in the official party paper, the People's Daily, warns the opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP)  to "discard fantasies" about achieving formal independence. "As China's might and influence expand internationally, it will have more say in the cross-strait ties," Taiwan analyst Ni Yongjie tells the paper. "It will be difficult for any political forces in Taiwan to resist the peaceful development of the relationship. " China Daily lays the blame for Mr Ma's defeat squarely on his domestic policies, denying any link to his pro-Beijing stance. With fewer than two years left of Mr Ma's term in office, the KMT's loss will add "uncertainty" to ties with Beijing, and could create "major difficulties in producing more ground-breaking achievements," it acknowledges. The Haiwai Net website also warns the opposition camp against pushing its luck, saying Taiwan has benefited economically from a closer relationship with the mainland. It also warns the KMT not to try to restore its electoral fortunes by disavowing the "1992 Consensus" - a meeting at which, in Beijing's view, all of Taiwan's main political forces pledged to respect the "one-China-principle". The DPP denies any such agreement exists. In an interview with the international paper Global Times, researcher Sun Xiaobo is relaxed about the impact of the apparent political change in Taiwan, saying the "peaceful development of relations has become mainstream". Meanwhile, Beijing papers are not impressed by the decision by the founders of Hong Kong's pro-democracy Occupy Central movement to turn themselves in to police. Several state-controlled media outlets - including the Youth. cn website - accuse Benny Tai, Chan Kin-man and Chu Yiu-ming of "putting on a show". The overseas edition of the People's Daily dismisses student activists' promise to go on hunger strike during the trio's detention as "meaningless", saying that Beijing will not respond to "illegal and extreme measures". "After messing up Hong Kong for more than 60 days, the protest has come to halt," the paper states. "Now it is time for the law to deal with the organisers and participants. " Labelling the protesters a "bunch of kids", the Global Times tells them that they have not the "slightest chance of making a real difference", despite support from "their Western allies". "By relying on the West to oppose the entire country with its 1. 3-billion population and inciting some radical teenagers to damage Hong Kong's long-term prosperity and stability, the extreme opposition in Hong Kong will find their dream as distant as ever," it warns. And finally, China's authorities have released a draft regulation making it a punishable offence for citizens to falsely register as a member of one of the country's ethnic minorities in order to gain favourable treatment. According to the official news agency Xinhua, the ethnic affairs department will revoke fake identities and scrap any privileges granted as a result of a fraudulent claim. Xiong Kunxin, an ethnic affairs analyst at Minzu University, China, tells the Global Times that students often pretend to be from an ethnic minority to gain extra points in the national college entrance examinations, while some officials do it to get promoted. Adding that the new rules will be challenging to put into practice is a statement made by him. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
It comes after recent protests against the struggling Championship club's owners and incidents during a League Cup tie at Crystal Palace in September. Amid crowd trouble, Palace's eagle mascot was allegedly targeted by a supporter who attempted to punch Kayla, an American bald eagle. Recognizing the right of fans to protest peacefully, the Metropolitan Police Service and Charlton Athletic Football Club continue to collaborate to ensure that protests are conducted in a safe and lawful manner. Both the MPS and the club are united in their stance that unlawful behavior in the name of protest is unacceptable. "A number of criminal acts in recent games have taken place and the club are working with the MPS to identify offenders and, where appropriate, bring them before a court for prosecution and/or seeking bans. "When offences are committed, the MPS may not necessarily arrest at the time but can look to gather evidence and arrest or summons at a later date where appropriate. Supporters have made their discontent clear, particularly before, during and after the 2-0 win at home to Middlesbrough on 13 March, with Charlton second from bottom of the Championship. A coffin was brought to the ground by fans unhappy with the way Roland Duchatelet and chief executive Katrien Meire are running the club. The start of the game was then disrupted when beach balls were thrown onto the pitch, and whistles blown in the crowd later caused confusion for players. There was also a pitch invasion by a small number of fans after Charlton's first goal, while others left the ground in the 74th minute to mark the number of goals the team had conceded this season. There was then a demonstration outside the stadium after the match.
The 23-year-old added the British belt to his Commonwealth title on Saturday by beating Kris Carslaw in two rounds. Williams was fighting for the first time in 13 months after overcoming a career-threatening hand injury. "Let's be realistic. Lockett said, "Liam has had 14 fights and has not gone past eight rounds. That demonstrates the power he possesses in his hands, but I would like to see him go into the later rounds a couple of times. " " Welshman Williams produced a stunning display to win the British belt in Manchester, knocking Scotland's Carslaw unconscious after only six seconds of round two with a left jab to the temple. "I was always confident he was going to win, but I didn't think it would be as early as that," added Lockett, a former WBU middleweight champion. Showing Liam's timing and judgement of distance, it was a remarkable shot to finish it. Lockett says Williams has matured while dealing with the experience, while also making him hungrier for success. "At one point he thought he was never going to fight again so the old adage of you don't know what you've got until it's gone certainly applied to him," he said. "I don't think he realised how much he loved boxing until he thought it was going to be taken away from him. " Liam Smith, who defended his WBO title against Jimmy Kelly on the same bill in Manchester, has been touted as a possible next opponent for Williams. Both fighters are promoted by Frank Warren, suggesting the fight would be a formality to arrange. Smith, though, could have his sights on unifying the division, and Lockett feels Williams has time on his hands before stopping up to that level. "I wouldn't fancy it yet, but if it builds over the course of the next two or three fights and the money's right, how can you turn it down? You can't," he said. "When we decide to go for it then I'm confident Liam Williams will come out as a world champion. "When it does happen it will be an absolute barnstormer, something to look forward to in late 2016. ".
The statue would be designed by Paul Kidby who illustrated many of the book covers for the Discworld books of Sir Terry, who lived locally. Mr Kidby said: "It would be beneficial for Salisbury to have a permanent sculpture of Terry because he had such a big influence on popular culture. " The hope is to install the statue in the marketplace or Elizabeth Gardens. Although Salisbury City Council's services committee has backed the plans, money still needs to be raised to build it and planning consent also needs to be obtained. Sir Terry died last March aged 66, eight years after he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He lived in Broad Chalke, near Salisbury and played an active role in the community, visiting schools and supporting the local hospital. His comic fantasy series sold millions around the world but he was also known for supporting research into the causes of Alzheimer's. In 2009, campaigning for assisted suicide also became part of his work. The statue-building campaign is being spearheaded by Mr Kidby, with the backing of Sir Terry's family. Mr Kidby continued that Terry was always saying, "I don't want pigeons sitting on my head. " His perspective was always veering off in a different direction, but we hope he will be pleased if it goes ahead. " The aim is to pay for the statue through crowd-funding and sponsorship from local companies. A initial sketch has been made by the artist, but it will take about six months to build the life-size sculpture. Mr. Kidby said that it would be Terry, standing life-sized on a granite base with a depiction of Discworld on it, hopefully allowing people to stand next to Terry and interact with it.
Saints headed into the fixture knowing they could not reach the knockout stages, and made nine changes to the team that beat Castres last week. Lee Dickson's try helped the visitors take a three-point lead at the break. However, it was the French side who got the bonus point they desired, as the impressive Nemani Nadolo crossed twice. Montpellier were ahead inside 10 minutes after Fiji international Nadolo delivered a superb offload for Kelian Galletier to scoot over, and Demetri Catrakilis converted. Northampton captain Dickson responded when he capitalised on good work from Teimana Harrison and Ethan Waller to reach over the line, with JJ Hanrahan's extras levelling the score. Number eight Harrison was named in England's Six Nations squad earlier in the day and, with Saracens' Billy Vunipola missing out through injury, may well have impressed head coach Eddie Jones as one of a young Saints side's best performers. A Hanrahan penalty edged the visitors in front before half-time and Wales wing George North touched down after the interval, having backed up a wonderful break by Ahsee Tuala, only for the full-back's foot to be ruled in touch. Crossing next after bundling through several tackles, including the attempts of North, was Nadolo, who had previously said Montpellier were "ashamed" at their 57-3 defeat by Pool 4 winners Leinster last week. Jacques du Plessis drove over to increase the hosts' lead, and Nadolo dived into the corner for his second with eight minutes to go, before Tom Kessell squeezed in late on for Saints. The French side can go through in a best runner-up spot if other results go their way this weekend. Montpellier: Joffrey Michel; Timoci Nagusa, Joseph Tomane, Alexandre Dumoulin, Nemani Nadolo; Demetri Catrakilis, Nic White; Mikheil Nariashvili, Charles Geli, Jannie du Plessis, Paul Willemse, Konstantine Mikautadze, Fulgence Ouedraogo, Kelian Galletier, Akapusi Qera (capt). Replacements: Shalva Mamukashvili, Yvan Watremez, Antoine Guillamon, Jacques du Plessis, Antoine Battut, Tomas O'Leary, Henry Immelman, Vincent Martin. Northampton Saints: Ahsee Tuala; Juan Pablo Estelles, Nafi Tuitavake, Harry Mallinder, George North; JJ Hanrahan, Lee Dickson (capt); Ethan Waller, Charlie Clare, Paul Hill, Michael Paterson, James Craig, Jamie Gibson, Ben Nutley, Teimana Harrison. Replacements: James Fish, Alex Waller, Kieran Brookes, Api Ratuniyarawa, Lewis Ludlam, Tom Kessell, James Wilson, Ken Pisi. For the latest rugby union news follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
Earlier this year, North Wales Bowls Centre in Prestatyn closed when Clwyd Leisure Ltd went into administration. However, it was refurbished over the summer and will be reopened and run by Denbighshire council from October. Emphasizing the revamped eight green centre as part of the council's vision for developing leisure facilities along the coast, Councillor Huw Jones stated that there was a significant amount of public support for the reopening of the bowls centre. "We believe that the refurbishment of the bowls centre will serve as a catalyst for further investment by partners along the coast," he added.
Striker Nelson, 19, went off injured just minutes after being introduced as a substitute in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Plymouth Argyle. He has played four games for Pools since joining in January. Ian Gallagher, the head physio, told the club website that it's doubtful he will be able to play again this season. Manager Dave Jones lamented, "It's unfortunate for both Andrew and us. He came here seeking senior experience, performed admirably in the games he participated in, and integrated seamlessly with the rest of the team." ".
The Rochdale MP has been investigated over money he wrongly claimed for the cost of his children living in London. The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) has told the Labour MP he must repay £11,583. 20. Mr Danczuk, who was suspended by the party last year, said he "holds his hands up" and promised to repay all the money "at the earliest opportunity". Local Liberal Democrats asked police to check if Mr Danczuk had wrongly claimed expenses for accommodation for two of his children. The expenses watchdog found that Mr Danczuk had been claiming "dependent uplifts" for his two eldest children for a period of three years when the children were not "routinely" staying with him at his London accommodation. In reply to Friday's IPSA ruling, MP Danczuk said: "My accommodation claims were made according to what I believed at the time to be an accurate interpretation of IPSA's guidelines. "Regrettably, due to the vague wording of the rules, I inadvertently claimed 10% more than my annual living allowance, money which was paid directly to my landlord in London and not to me. "I hold my hands up and admit that this was an error on my part. "I am relieved that this issue has finally been cleared up and I will of course repay the full amount at the earliest opportunity. While claiming almost £100 from the taxpayer to cover the cost of car parking, MP Simon Danczuk was on holiday, as depicted in a tweet showing a Spanish landscape. The MP posted a tweet showing the "view from my Spanish gaff this morning" while his car was in a £17 parking spot. 50 a day car park in Manchester. The MP left his car in Manchester on 20 July while he went on a parliamentary visit to Ghana - but then tagged on a break in Spain at the end and claimed the total car park costs on expenses. IPSA compliance officer Peter Davis order Mr Danczuk to repay the £96. 50 cost. Mr Danczuk argued that it would have cost the taxpayer more for him to have travelled back to Manchester after the Ghana trip to collect the car before his holiday, therefore they accepted the MP should be allowed to claim for the period while he was in Ghana, but the time he was on holiday was "not an allowable expense". In a letter to Mr Davis, he said: "The alternative to leaving my car parked in Manchester for that week would have been to travel by train from London in order to move that vehicle. "By doing so, I could have legitimately claimed up to £187. 80 for the train journey. This represents a significantly greater expense to the taxpayer than £96. 50 worth of parking. " Mr Danczuk has agreed to repay all the money owed. The MP was suspended by the Labour Party in December after he admitted sending lewd texts to a 17-year-old girl. He was also interviewed by police earlier in January in connection with a rape allegation dating from 2006. Police confirmed on Friday their investigation is continuing.
South Korea's Trade Minister Joo Hyung-hwan told parliament that Beijing is economically retaliating over its deployment of a US anti-missile defence system, claiming that China "may be in violation of some trade agreements. " China opposes the deployment due to its potential impact on the regional security balance and the possibility of allowing the US to spy on it. Washington and Seoul maintain that the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (Thaad) system is intended for protection against threats from North Korea. But it has caused significant tension with China, which is South Korea's largest trading partner. "The Chinese government may not admit that they took retaliatory measures against the Thaad decision, but we have to point out the possibility," Mr Joo said according to Yonhap news agency. "We are collecting evidence and will also deal with issues that South Korean companies are treated unfairly in China. " South Korea complained about China to the WTO over the issue on Friday, Mr Joo said. What impact will S Korea's expanded missile defence system have? China's leaders have voiced serious displeasure over the Thaad system and its deployment has generated anti-South Korean sentiment. The row has coincided with a number of economic measures being imposed on South Korea. China's National Tourism Administration ordered local travel agencies to stop selling tour packages to South Korea starting 15 March, according to Korea's Tourism Organisation. "Some estimates suggest that Beijing's travel ban could reduce the number of Chinese visitors to South Korea by up to 70%, resulting in billions of dollars in lost tourism-related revenue," Scott Seaman, director of Asia at the Eurasia Group, said. Starting last October, the sale and distribution of some South Korean television dramas, music, and products were frozen by China. Almost all shows or music concerts starring Korean artists have been suspended. Chinese authorities have also closed dozens of stores belonging to South Korea's Lotte Group, which has signed a deal to provide land to host the Thaad system, for allegedly violating safety regulations. China denies any connection between the recent moves and the Thaad deployment. The Lotte Group's 93-year-old founder and three other family members stood trial in Seoul on Monday for alleged embezzlement, tax evasion, and fraud in a separate development. Tong Zhao, a fellow from the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center for Global Policy, believes China's economic pressure may ultimately prove counter-productive. "Threats of economic sanctions are part of coercive diplomacy, but they may not be useful in addressing the Thaad issue," he wrote in a 2016 report. "These forceful measures would likely be seen as a sign of disrespect and a direct threat to South Korea's interests - which could ultimately push South Korea to bolster its military alliance with the United States".
The incident took place in North Street, close to Charing Cross, shortly before 03:00. Before being transferred to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment, the man was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary. Police closed off an area of North Street following the incident, with medical staff describing his condition as serious. Police said they had no description of the suspect. Det Sgt Kevin Browne said: "From our early inquiries, this was an unprovoked attack on a man making his way home from a night out. "The 42-year-old man was punched by another man who then made off in the direction of Sauchiehall Street. "Our inquiries have been continuing through the night. Officers remain at the scene. "We have been analysing CCTV and speaking to people who were in the area following the incident. We are currently seeking information from anyone who has details that can assist in tracing the man responsible.
Mae dyn lleol 48 oed wedi ei arestio ar amheuaeth o lofruddio ac mae yn y ddalfa. Cafodd swyddogion eu galw i eiddo yn Sgwâr y Capel ychydig cyn 20:00 ddydd Llun yn dilyn adroddiadau am ddigwyddiad difrifol. Bu farw'r dyn, nad oedd yn lleol i'r ardal, yn y fan a'r lle er ymdrechion gan barafeddygon ag heddweision i geisio achub ei fywyd. Mae'r crwner wedi cael gwybod ac fe fydd post mortem yn cael ei gynnal yn ddiweddarach ddydd Mawrth. Dywedodd y Ditectif Prif Arolygydd Arwyn Jones: "Rwy'n apelio ar unrhyw un sydd gyda gwybodaeth am y digwyddiad trasig yma i gysylltu. "Rwy'n ymwybodol fod y digwyddiad wedi digwydd yng ngolau dydd, ger tafarn ac felly mae'n debyg fod nifer fawr o bobl yno ar y pryd. I fyddwn yn gofyn i unrhyw un oedd wedi clywed unrhyw beth, fel sgrechian, gweiddi neu ffrwgwd, oedd heb feddwl dim am y peth ar y pryd, i gysylltu gyda ni. Ychwanegodd: "Er bod dyn yn y ddalfa, hoffwn bwysleisio fod yr ymchwiliad newydd gychwyn" Ni ddylai'r ffaith fod dyn yn y ddalfa olygu na ddylai unrhyw un sydd gyda gwybodaeth beidio â'i gynnig. "O gofio am ddigwyddiadau diweddar, hoffwn hefyd sicrhau'r cyhoedd nad oedd hwn yn ddigwyddiad terfysgol, ond fe fydd pobl yn sylwi ar fwy o bresenoldeb yr heddlu yn yr ardal wrth i ni ymchwilio. " Mae teulu'r dyn sydd wedi marw wedi cael clywed am y farwolaeth ac mae swyddogion arbenigol yn cynnig eu cefnogaeth. Mae'r heddlu yn gofyn i unrhyw un sydd gyda gwybodaeth i gysylltu drwy ffonio 101 gan ddefnyddio'r cyfeirnod V078270.
Before Walsall Magistrates Court, the pair, also 16, will face charges of burglary on the same night after Simon Johnson, aged 41, was attacked at his home in Cradley Road, Netherton, Dudley, in August 2016. Following his death, Mr Johnson's family said he was a "very proud father of two girls".
Low cognitive test scores for skills like language indicate less developed brains, possibly caused by too little stimulation in early life, they say. These youngsters are more likely to become criminals, dependent on welfare or chronically ill unless they are given support later on, they add. Their study in New Zealand appears in the journal, Nature Human Behaviour. The US researchers from Duke University say the findings highlight the importance of early life experiences and interventions to support vulnerable youngsters. Although the study followed people in New Zealand, the investigators believe that the results could apply to other countries. They followed the lives of more than 1,000 children. Those who had low test scores for language, behavioural, movement and cognitive skills at three years old went on to account for more than 80% of crimes, required 78% of prescriptions and received 66% of social welfare payments in adulthood. It is known that disadvantaged people use a greater share of services. While many of the children in the study who were behind in brain development came from disadvantaged backgrounds, poverty was not the only link with poor futures. When the researchers took out children below the poverty line in a separate analysis they found that a similar proportion of middle class children who scored low in tests when they were three also went on to experience difficulties when they were older. The researchers stress that children's outcomes are not set at the age of three. The course of their lives could potentially be changed if they receive support later in life, for example through rehabilitation programmes when they are adults. Prof Terrie Moffitt, from Duke University in North Carolina in the US, who co-led the study, told BBC News: "The earlier children receive support the better. "That is because if a child is sent off on the wrong foot at three and not ready for school they fall further and further behind in a snowball effect that makes them unprepared for adult life". Prof Moffitt said nearly all the children who had low scores in cognitive assessments early on in life went on to fall through "society's cracks". "We are able to predict who these high cost service users will be from very early in life. "Our research suggests that these were people who, as very young children, never got the chance that the rest of us got. They did not have the help they needed to build the skills they need to keep up in this very complicated and fast-paced economy". She said society should rethink their view of these people who are often condemned as "losers" and "dropouts" and instead offer more support. Prof Moffitt conducted the study with her husband, Prof Avshalom Caspi, from King's College London. He said he hoped that the study would persuade governments to invest in those in most need early on in life. "I hope what our study does is not feed into prejudice," he told BBC News. "I hope that our research will create the public compassion and political will to intervene with children and more importantly offer services to families of children so they can get a better start in life". Successive governments have invested in expanding nursery education in the UK over the past 20 years. According to Josh Hillman, who is the director of education for the Nuffield Foundation, policy makers already realise the value of early years education. He said that they may have underestimated its importance, but this new research suggests. "The issue now in the UK is to provide more high quality nursery provision and to consider targeting it to those disadvantaged groups that would benefit the most." " Participants were members of the Dunedin longitudinal study, an investigation of the health and behaviour of a representative group of the population of 1,037 people born between April 1972 and March 1973 in Dunedin, New Zealand. As adults these people account for only 20% of the population - but they use 80% of public services in an analysis of a group of people in New Zealand whose lives were tracked for 40 years. Follow Pallab on Twitter.
Four men armed with knives forced their way into his north-west London home and held his wife and children before making off with personal possessions. The 50-year-old former Arsenal star, who has been working for ITV in Brazil, tweeted: "You won't get away with it. " The Metropolitan Police said it was investigating an aggravated burglary. Following his return the football pundit told reporters: "All I want to say, really, is that my missus, my girls, everyone's safe. "The police are trying to get on doing what they are doing. " Speaking about his wife, he said: "She's feeling good that I am back. " Earlier Steve Kutner, Wright's agent, said: "It was a terrifying ordeal. They marched Ian's wife from room to room. " A spokeswoman for Ian Wright said: "Nancy [his wife] is really shaken up. Their kids are so young that hopefully they aren't going to read into it too much. "They are all physically OK - Nancy and the kids. " Wright's neighbours expressed their shock at the robbery. Next-door neighbour Marianne Collinge said: "They are very unpretentious people. They are one of us and I'm terribly sorry for them, it's awful. Chris Martin, another neighbor, mentioned that Ian is a neighbor and a decent family man who has been living here for several years, and his privacy is respected by everyone around here. " A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "We are investigating an aggravated burglary at an address in north-west London after we were called at 9. Last night at 20pm, four suspects described as black men, aged between 18-25. They are said to have spoken with London accents and were wearing dark clothing and hoodies obscuring their faces. " Det Ch Insp Mick Gornall said: "Fortunately no-one was injured during the burglary, but it is still very frightening to have people force their way into your home and threaten you. " Officers are reviewing CCTV footage.
The sport remains dogged by allegations of doping, with Russia and Kenya facing bans from this summer's Olympics for failing to tackle cheating athletes. De Vos said he thinks they're through the worst of it, and believes without a doubt that 2017 will be the cleanest championships ever. " De Vos, 49, added: "I would be very hopeful 2017 will be a very clean games but it's impossible to say with certainty and that's a shame. " Russia was suspended from world athletics in November and must now convince the sport's governing bodies it has reformed its doping polices to be reinstated at the Olympics. Three IAAF officials were banned for life in January for breaching anti-doping rules while Kenya has missed two deadlines to prove it can combat drug-taking.
Following the first incident on 7 June, which happened just hours after the re-launch, and the second on Friday, the chain ferry has once again grounded. The third incident occurs after the local council confirmed that the silt responsible for the initial grounding had been cleared. More than 130 campaigners protested against a range of ferry design faults on Friday, before the second grounding. One protester said: "There are major issues with the design of the bridge itself - only one sheltered pedestrian hold that gets way too crowded and literally can't hold everyone in inclement weather. Slippery stairs result from rain running down to the open-air deck due to lack of cover. 2m for something that isn't fit for purpose. " It is not currently known what has caused the third grounding. Angela Booth, protest organiser, said many people had become victims of the faults with the floating bridge, including students, business owners and people needing disabled access. She said the pavement was "dangerous" and charges for pedestrians were "unprofitable". Ms Booth added: "It does not take an engineering degree for councillors and officers to have predicted these obvious problems. " In a statement, Isle of Wight Council said: "We are sorry and are as frustrated as the community with challenges encountered in the introduction of the new floating bridge. In time, we will publish full responses to questions members of the public, businesses and others have about the floating bridge, considering the teething problems experienced so far in getting it into service. ".
The teenager was arrested after Katie was found injured on a playing field in York on Monday. She later died in hospital. The girl was remanded in custody by York magistrates and is due to appear at Leeds Crown Court on Friday. She has also been charged with possession of an offensive weapon, a knife. Live updates on this and other stories from North Yorkshire The girl, who cannot be named because of her age, said nothing during the eight-minute hearing as her solicitor answered questions about her name and address. Katie was found by police after they were called to Alness Drive, in the Woodthorpe area of the city, on Monday afternoon. She was taken to hospital but died a short time later. The seven-year-old was a pupil at Westfield Primary School. Head teacher Tracey Ralph has described her as a "kind and thoughtful child". Both the prime minister and the Labour leader paid tribute to Katie in the House of Commons. Jeremy Corbyn said: "I'm sure the whole House will join in heartfelt condolences to the family and friends [following] the tragic death of seven-year-old Katie Rough in York earlier this week. "I think it's right we send condolences to her family. " Theresa May said: "I also join you in expressing condolences to the family and friends of little Katie, who died so tragically. " Fiona Trott, BBC News Katie Rough's mother and other family members listened carefully inside court one as a lawyer spoke on behalf of the accused teenager. He simply confirmed her name and address. Because of the severity of the charges this was a regular hearing, not a youth court one, despite the defendant's age. It is understood that Katie was found near a playing field on Monday. Residents have reported seeing a woman crying in the street asking for an ambulance. Katie was taken to hospital but died from her injuries a short time later. The death has hit the community in York hard. It has affected people in the area, even those who do not know the family. A fundraising appeal to support Katie's family has been established. She wrote on her GoFundMe page that she did not know the family, but just wanted to do something for them, Maggie Jackson from York said. "It has shocked the whole of York," she wrote. "I don't know if it's too early to say this but I'd like to raise money to give to her family to help them through this terrible time without any other worries. " A relative of Katie thanked people for their support on the page: "Just want to say on behalf of me and my family it is hugely appreciated and we can not thank all enough for being so kind and supporting towards us. ".
Arrests were made by police after images showed relatives and guests fighting with knives and improvised explosives made out of fireworks in the Guangxi region on Sunday as one wedding procession tried to pass under an archway built for the other family. No casualties were reported. Local reports said the incident began when the processions for the Lin and Qi families met and both sides refused to give way to each other. Both sides also felt that the fact that they were holding their wedding celebrations at the same time on the same narrow road was "inauspicious". The violence kicked off when the Qis proceeded down the road where the Lins had already constructed their decorative archway. Amateur footage taken at the scene and shared online showed a large group of people gathered by the archway shouting angrily, and people shooting what appeared to be fireworks on the street at one another as others in the background flee. It remains unclear whether either couple actually managed to get married.
A series of explosions at the facility on Wednesday, claimed at least 112 lives. Ninety-five people, most of them firefighters, are still missing. Mr Li met those who had been injured and displaced by the blasts. A senior military officer said "several hundred" tons of the toxic chemical sodium cyanide had been identified at two locations in the blast zone. Out of the 721 injured individuals, 25 are in critical condition while 33 are classified as serious. Along with that, the premier held meetings with recovery teams and environmental monitors who are currently working on securing the site, a significant portion of which was destroyed by the explosions. An investigation is under way to ascertain what triggered the disaster. Dozens of relatives of the missing and local residents have held a number of angry protests at a hotel used for official news conferences. They say they have not received enough information from the government about what chemicals are at the site. Meanwhile, a number of websites have been shut down for allegedly spreading unverified information about the blasts. The state news agency Xinhua said 50 sites were accused of creating panic by publishing rumours. The chemical sodium cyanide is white crystalline or granular powder which can be rapidly fatal if inhaled or ingested, as it interferes with the body's ability to use oxygen. It is mostly used in chemical manufacturing, for fumigation and in the mining industry to extract gold and silver. Soluble in water, it absorbs water from air, and its dust is easy to inhale. When dissolved or burned, the highly poisonous gas hydrogen cyanide is released. Potent chemical mix behind blasts What we know about explosions The questions being asked by Chinese citizens 'Hero' firefighters hailed 'Like the end of the world': Residents' stories Twenty-four of the victims had been identified by Sunday and experts are carrying out further DNA tests. Troops equipped with chemical warfare protection entered the site of the blasts on Saturday, to deal with a dangerous cocktail of chemicals. The presence of calcium carbide, potassium nitrate, and sodium nitrate had been confirmed by officials previously. Calcium carbide, when reacting with water, creates the highly explosive acetylene. The toxic chemical sodium cyanide was also discovered in large quantities at the site. Greenpeace said tests in the area showed that water supplies were not severely contaminated with the cyanide, but that did not "disprove the presence of other hazardous chemicals". The operators of the Tianjin facility have been accused of violating safety procedures. Prosecutors are to set up a team to investigate any possible offenses related to the disaster, including dereliction of duty. The Chinese government has also ordered officials to make nationwide checks on dangerous chemicals and explosives and to "crack down unwaveringly on illegal activities to ensure safety".
The Gwladys Street End will be renamed the Howard Kendall Gwladys Street End and the Park Stand will be renamed the Sir Philip Carter Park Stand. Described as "two of the greatest Evertonians of all time" by Everton Chairman Bill Kenwright, Kendall, Everton's most successful manager, passed away in October 2015, while ex-chairman Carter passed away in April 2015.
The Wales and Swans captain is reported to be close to agreeing a move to Goodison Park after eight years at the Liberty Stadium. A spokesman for the Welsh club declined to "comment on speculation" about the 31-year-old central defender. Former Toffees winger Nevin told BBC Wales: "I don't think many Evertonians would say no to Ashley Williams. " He added: "What's not to like? He understands the game, he has real bravery and is a real leader as well. "Everyone is looking for a dependable centre half and he's one. I've heard £10m - that would be great business for Everton. " Williams is halfway through a four-year contract at Swansea. The Wolverhampton-born defender has played more than 300 games for the Swans since joining for £300,000 from Stockport in March 2008. He has not taken part in any pre-season matches after being given an extended break after captaining Wales to the semi-finals of Euro 2016. Comments by manager Francesco Guidolin did little to quell rumours following Swansea's 4-0 win over Wolves on Saturday, 30 July. "Ashley is very important to us but I don't know what the situation is," he said. Former Wales team-mate Danny Gabbidon, speaking on Radio Wales, said: "It doesn't look good for Swansea fans, I think he's probably going to be going. " Williams was linked with a move to Goodison during the summer of 2015 - a time when Everton's England international John Stones was being linked heavily with Chelsea and Manchester City. With fresh rumours regarding Stones' future, new Everton manager Ronald Koeman could need a new central defender. The reported interest in Williams comes at the same time as rumours West Ham are poised to make a £20m bid for Swansea's Ghana international striker Andre Ayew. Ayew was Swansea's top scorer last season with 12 goals in 35 Premier League appearances. The Liberty Stadium club have already seen three forwards depart this summer with Portuguese striker Eder joining Lille, Italian Alberto Paloschi going to Atalanta and Frenchman Bafetimbi Gomis signing for Marseille on loan. Swansea have not yet brought in a new striker during the summer transfer window. Former Wales striker and BBC Wales pundit Iwan Roberts says he is worried about the transfer policy. "If these rumours are true I would think Ashley's head would be turned at 31 to go and play for a big club - but for £10m he's irreplaceable," he said. "You could see Ashley leaving and there's a big question mark over Ayew. With him being acquired on a free transfer, I find it hard to believe Swansea would reject a £20m offer. "There's only two weeks left - Swansea City has a lot of work to do and I am concerned for them." ".
Using a pseudonym of His Royal Gingerness (HRG), the hacker told the BBC he wanted to highlight the website's "vulnerability". As well as getting into the site, he obtained names and email addresses from a database. The airport said it was aware that its website was hacked a month ago and confirmed changes were being made. Richard Pace, the airport's general manager, stressed that physical security had not been compromised. The details accessed by the hacker were of people registered on the website's media centre, and no commercial or operationally sensitive data was obtained, he said. Mr Pace said the hacker accessed a "standalone website which did not compromise operational systems". HRG, who asked not to be identified because of fears of prosecution, said he hacked the site "to see if I could". "I found I could do it and then contacted the airport to let them know," he said. A message was sent back after a month, stating that changes had been made and the issue had been resolved. Upon checking, it remained unchanged. "It took me between two to three minutes to do this. I do this mostly to see what vulnerability there are in modern systems. " A spokeswoman for the Information Commissioner said the office had not yet received a referral about a data breach. She said there was no legal obligation under the Data Protection Act to report breaches of security, although "we believe that serious breaches should be reported". Following a review, Mr Pace said the airport believed the "volume requirement and the sensitivity requirement" to report the breach to the Information Commissioner was not met.
Gone are the days when even the party apparatchiks were immune from outbursts of glee. Instead of eagerly listening or the leader's family, they too would mostly remain mute - with only the occasional nod or ripple of applause to indicate they were still awake. But these are different times, as Lou Reed trilled in "Sweet Jane". Today, the mere mention of a leader's name is generally sufficient to prompt an ecstatic reaction (although, to be fair, that can depend upon the leader. ) This phenomenon is observable across all parties although the Liberal Democrats sometimes affect faint disdain in their mildly iconoclastic fashion. Today it was Nicola Sturgeon's turn. As she took to the stage in Perth, the activists whooped and hollered as if they had got the date wrong and had turned up for the Southern Fried Festival instead. (Same venue, July. ) However, I was more struck by another outburst of visible contentment. That was when Nicola Sturgeon, with an ironic grin, declared that she was in favour of increased health spending. In England. Her Cabinet instantly got the gag. Arguing that the Scottish government (Leader, Sturgeon, N) already devoted more cash to health, she was offering to protect the good and sensible people of England from the forecast ravages of future spending constraint. (That is disputed. )  And she was noting that largesse across the UK would be productive in general - and would benefit Scotland specifically through the Barnett Formula. As she delivered these arguments, her Finance Secretary, Derek Mackay, ventured a beatific smile. If only, you could see him thinking, after a tough budget round and with future hard bargaining to come. In general, Ms Sturgeon's approach summed up the opportunities offered by this unscheduled election. And, with less emphasis, the challenges. For the SNP, there is a potential conundrum at the core of this election. It is intrinsic and structural. The snag is that, however many seats they win in Scotland, the SNP cannot arithmetically form the UK government. In response to which, Ms Sturgeon offers a constructed syllogism. Labour look like losing, despite a recent apparent improvement in polling. Hence, Theresa May will be returned as PM. Hence, Scotland requires a tranche of SNP MPs defending Scottish interests against the incumbent UK Tories. In opening the event in Perth, the party's deputy leader Angus Robertson called the SNP "the real opposition". Perhaps they might attach another soubriquet in future. The "strong and stable" opposition? In particular, they would use this position to counter what they characterised as Conservative attempts to constrain benefits for the poor. But would not power lie in Numbers 10 and 11 Downing Street, I asked? Ms Sturgeon replied that Mrs May had already demonstrated a propensity for U-turns. With a strong Scottish presence at Westminster, more such back-sliding could be expected. Ms Sturgeon took this further. A victory in Scotland for the SNP would guarantee that strong Scottish voice - and it would give "democratic legitimacy" to Ms Sturgeon's demand for a role in the Brexit negotiations. In effect, then, a mandate. An intriguing formulation, that, given that Ms Sturgeon has previously argued that this election would not of itself count as a mandate for indyref2. She would explain the difference as follows. It is a problem for the whole UK, with her request being that the Scottish dimension be taken into account. Instead, it has been "brushed aside" by the PM. This election - the first available - therefore provides the mandate for her approach. By contrast, she would argue that there is already a mandate for indyref2. From the Holyrood elections in 2016 and from a subsequent Scottish Parliamentary vote. These elections would "reinforce" that. But what, I asked her, if the Tories say no? What, in particular, if they adhere to their argument that indyref2 should not even be contemplated until Brexit is not just signed and sealed but is demonstrated to be working in practice? That could be a much longer timescale than the one envisaged by the FM - which is when the terms of Brexit are known, the end of the negotiations. That, she says, means Spring 2019 on the PM's timetable - but could slip back a bit. What, I asked again, if you get a No from the governing Conservatives - who hold sway because the constitution is reserved? That, said Ms Sturgeon, would be "outrageous". And Labour? What if Ms Sturgeon is wrong and there is a Labour victory? Mr Corbyn has said again that he might be willing to talk with the Scottish government about that demand for indyref2. Aha, say the Tories, Labour is selling the jerseys. Not so, say Labour spokespersons in increasingly adamant fashion, each time Mr Corbyn appears to hint at open doors. Labour, we are told, knows its mind on an independence referendum. It is agin it. Here's the quote: "As our manifesto states, it is unwanted and unnecessary, and we will campaign tirelessly to ensure that Scotland remains part of the UK. " Mr Corbyn, we are told, would merely use any talks with the SNP to persuade them to shelve their core demand. More on this, one suspects, in the final week. Let's see who's smiling then.
Head teachers, according to Ofsted boss Sir Michael Wilshaw, must protect new teachers in order to preserve their enthusiasm and prevent them from leaving their positions. Sir Michael emphasized that what deters new recruits is not inspections, but rather a lack of support and working in schools with inadequate leadership and disruptive students. He was giving evidence before the Commons Education Select Committee. Sir Michael added: "It [recruitment] is a big issue and it has been so ever since I've been a teacher. "Before I joined Ofsted I used to talk a lot to teachers joining the profession, particularly to Teach First. "What used to upset me was talking to people who were bright-eyed and bushy tailed, hugely enthusiastic about coming into teaching and wanting to do well for disadvantaged youngsters, saying to me that they were put off teaching in the first few years because they weren't adequately helped and supported by leaders. "That the culture of the schools in which they were worked was poor, that behaviour was poor, every day was a daily struggle, with poorly behaved, badly behaved pupils. "They were there for a reason and they wanted to commit themselves to a period of time in those institutions where they were working. But a lot of them said: 'I'll take it for a bit of time but not a lot longer'. "The thing that puts off teachers is working in an institution that's not good and that's poorly led, and where behaviour, particularly, is poor. " The chief inspector was adamant that the pressure of being inspected was not the issue. "It's not Ofsted in my view, and that's often a red herring," he told MPs. Head teachers must ensure that they operate high-quality schools with a strong and positive culture, safeguarding newly-qualified teachers in a manner that some fail to do, and encouraging young teachers to pursue a career in teaching. "That is what discourages teachers." It's not Ofsted. Although they might say that and some of the union reps might say it. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device Their Championship opponents might not agree, having seen the Centurions lift the past three league titles, and lose just three games in that time - not to mention an outlay on players few, if any, of them could match. However, it has not always been such a glorious story in the league-mad town. BBC Sport outlines Leigh's journey from the depths to delight in the space of seven years. Leigh demolished their Championship rivals in 2016, finishing top of the table - and they have gone on to win all five games so far in the Super 8s Qualifiers. Not even top-flight teams such as Huddersfield and Hull KR have been able to bar their path to the Super League, with both despatched en route to securing promotion with two games to spare. No-one is prouder than captain Micky Higham, who arrived at the Sports Village in 2015 for a record fee to guide his hometown team back to the top flight. "It's the club I grew up watching as a kid and I'm a hometown boy," he told BBC Sport. "It is a special moment in my career and up there with one of the best. I'm ecstatic that we've finally done it because the club have been knocking on the door for a while and to do it is a special effort. "Credit to (owner) Derek Beaumont for backing the club and making it what it is today. " There was certainly little to cheer about back in 2009. Just four years after the team had graced Super League, Ian Millward's side contemplated life at the bottom of the ladder after relegation from the Championship. Players such as England international Chris Hill, Martyn Ridyard and Adam Higson, were part of the squad that was condemned to the drop by Gateshead Thunder's 56-0 victory against Doncaster on the final day. Bringing about a reprieve for Leigh, Thunder came when owner Steven Garside withdrew funding, winding up the holding company and in turn relegating the north-east club instead. "I remember it was a real dark place," Higham said. "I was leaving Wigan for Warrington at the time, but as a Leigh lad, given the potential of going down, it was a real stroke of luck. "It must have just re-galvanised them, made everyone realise we need to push on here and they have done. " Leigh took their second chance at Championship level in 2010 and have not finished any lower than fourth since, posting two runners-up placings in addition to their recent hat-trick of titles. While Hill was lured away to Super League with Warrington - winning young player of the year and an England call-up after a phenomenal opening campaign - Leigh continued to develop. Initially Millward took the team on, and Paul Rowley then took charge in 2012 before long-term assistant Neil Jukes was given control on the eve of this season. "Rowls put in the foundations and the building blocks," Higham added. "The abrupt end came before the first game, it was a shock to everybody and it really rattled us. "We went to Batley and lost our first game and Neil was under the pump. "They way he's taken it on and handled it, we were a big club in the Championship, and he took it on every week. "Players like him, they respect him, he's got good staff behind him now with Paul Anderson and Paul Cooke. I am made up for Jukesy as he is a great bloke. " Media playback is not supported on this device The passion for rugby league in Leigh is as rich as the flavours of local delicacy 'lobby', with John Woods, Alex Murphy, David Eckersley and Des Drummond among the Leythers' heroes of the past. Leigh's class of 2016 have joined that pantheon of club greats, having brought the excitement of Super League back to their part of Greater Manchester. "It's a rugby league town," Higham continued. "There is not really a football team in the area - it's just about rugby and the crowds are coming back now. "They have been starved of that top league for a few years and there is a real buzz about the place. This one is for the fans - they've been through thick and thin. " Media playback is not supported on this device Leigh's investment in personnel stepped up a notch in 2015, when longer-term talents such as Ridyard, Higson, Gregg McNally, Bob Beswick and Ryan Brierley were recruited along with internationals such as Fuifui Moimoi and Gareth Hock. Challenge Cup victories over Salford and Wakefield that season were not backed up amid huge expectations in the Qualifiers - with just one win in seven games. Although Brierley left the club, further imports followed in 2016 with Dayne Weston, Willie Tonga and Matty Dawson finally helping Leigh over the line and into the top flight. "What's changed it is having the salary cap opened up," owner Derek Beaumont told BBC Radio Manchester. "That was the biggest difference, allowing us to spend the same as Super League clubs, we had Super League and NRL players in our squad. " Promotion is just the start for Beaumont, who says his ambitions have grown from just getting to Super League to wanting to win silverware. Next season, the squad will be bolstered by the arrival of four new players, with the possibility of "three or four" more additions still being considered. Having faced Warrington, Salford, Hull KR, and Wakefield in recent campaigns, the existing squad is eager to challenge the big guns. "We just want to consolidate our place in Super League," Higham added. "We don't want to be a one hit wonder. We want to go up and perform and push towards the top eight. "I think the challenge for us now is to back up the intensity. You play Wigan one week, then it could be Leeds, Hull, St Helens - there is no respite. " Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
The woman was found downstairs, while the bodies of the children were found upstairs at the home in Allerton Bywater just before noon. Police said the man was found shortly after 17:00 GMT on cliffs near South Stack, Anglesey. West Yorkshire Police said it believed the finds were connected. Ch Insp Jeff Moses from North Wales Police said senior detectives were supervising the recovery of a man's body found on a cliff ledge at South Stack. No formal identification had taken place, he said, and he could not confirm if a vehicle had been recovered. He said that coastguards and the RNLI were assisting police with the operation, which is being conducted on behalf of West Yorkshire Police. The beauty spot is a rocky island, famous for its lighthouse and seabirds that roost in its 120ft (36m) high cliffs. Det Ch Insp Warren Stevenson of West Yorkshire Police said the deaths of the woman and children were being treated as murder. Post-mortem examinations would take place to establish the causes of the deaths, he said. The victims' identity has not been released. Sean Firth, 44, who lives opposite the modern town house in Beeston Way where the bodies were found, has more on this story and others from West Yorkshire. He said: "I only really knew them through passing in the street and playing in the park with my daughter. "They were nice and friendly, as far as I can make out. My daughter was devastated when she came home from school. " Another neighbour, Wesley Rice, 38, said he had met the family at Halloween when he was out with his own children. "We knocked on the door and the lady came out and gave the kids sweets. She seemed very nice. " "This kind of thing just doesn't happen. To have something like this happen so close to home is shocking," he said. Jessica Everitt, 25, said: "It's really nice to live round here. You get break-ins and stuff but nothing like this, it's usually just kids messing about, nothing bad. "It's usually really quiet and all the kids play out. ".
Rachel Williams, 42, took time out of her big day to visit the ballot box at a Newport polling station in a white wedding gown on Thursday. She voted separately from fiance, Mike Court, so he would not see her before they tied the knot. The Newport couple celebrated their marriage at the St Pierre Marriott Hotel in Chepstow, Monmouthshire. The bride expressed frustration with people who say they will not vote: "It annoys me when people say they are not going to vote" "If you waste your vote, you forfeit your right to complain about the outcome." ".
This has sparked fears of censorship among digital rights activists, who say that what started as a move to curb "blasphemy" may now extend to curbing political dissent. It is too early to see what's missing and what's not on YouTube. com. pk. The Innocence of Muslims, an amateur film about the Prophet Muhammad which was widely seen as derogatory to Islam and which sparked Pakistan's YouTube ban in September 2012, is not available for viewing. But much of the other material, such as songs by a Pakistani band called Beygairat (disgraceful) Brigade which are highly critical of Pakistan's powerful military, are still available. So was Pakistan's three-year YouTube hiatus really just about preventing riots over a film deemed blasphemous? Farieha Aziz, journalist and co-founder of a digital rights and advocacy group called Bol Bhi (Do speak up), says the YouTube ban went into effect days before protests over the film actually broke out. "This would mean that the Pakistani authorities were aiming for something more than just that," she says. Activists point to the ambiguity surrounding the entire administrative and legal processes that have been unfolding since the September 2012 ban. "Though officially the ban was ordered by Pakistan Telecom Authority (PTA), instead of offering comments, they would direct news reporters to the Ministry of Information Technology, which would send them to the Interior Ministry, which would in turn refer them back to PTA," explains one Islamabad journalist who was covering the ban. "It seems the real power rested with what was called an inter-ministerial committee for the evaluation of websites which has no constitutional status but which included members from concerned civilian departments as well as military intelligence. They never offered public comment. " Ms Aziz points out that resolutions were adopted by both houses of the national parliament, which recommended the lifting of the ban, but they fell on deaf ears. The PTA also ignored procedural mechanisms explained during court hearings by both local experts and Google Inc (which owns YouTube) which could help discourage viewing of offensive material. "Instead, [the IT ministry] adamantly pursued the localisation of YouTube. Anything short of controlling this medium was just not a palatable solution for it," she says. Now that YouTube is back online, there are fears over the lack of transparency on the part of both the government and Google. "Google has not offered any details of the agreement with Islamabad, but in private discussions they have indicated that as and when Pakistan requests for the blocking of certain content, Google will remove it after vetting the request in accordance with international standards," says Farhan Hussain of another digital rights group, Bytes for All Pakistan. YouTube has denied claims of the authorities being able to filter content, stating that all takedown requests undergo reviews by its own team. In a statement, it mentioned: "We have established community guidelines, and videos that violate those rules are promptly removed." In addition, where we have launched YouTube locally and we are notified that a video is illegal in that country, we may restrict access to it after a thorough review. " Ms Hussain said: "The problem is, we don't know what their vetting process is, and what those international standards are. Google's annual transparency reports only provide statistics - such as how many requests for a ban were made by a country, and how many of them were accepted. But we would like to know the details of those requests. " Digital rights activists are unanimous that localisation of a website has full potential to become a tool for censorship in the hands of a country. In Pakistan, where so-called national security interests have dominated the basic rights of citizens, the tendency to control religious, gender and political diversity may continue to fuel a restrictive approach to information. Already, the country has invested heavily in firewalls to block dozens of websites, particularly those run by ethnic Baloch separatists. Most agree, however, that entertainment and educational content may largely remain unaffected on the. pk version of YouTube.
The march in the capital, Santiago, was largely peaceful, but there were isolated clashes, authorities say. Riot police said that they had been attacked with petrol bombs. Police used water cannons and tear gas to break up one group of protesters. Chilean students have been staging protests for free, high-quality education since 2011. Wednesday's action was the second nationwide protest this year. The police estimated the number of protesters in Santiago at more than 37,000 but organisers say 80,000 people took to the streets. Protests also took place in other Chilean cities, such as Valparaiso, Concepcion, Temuco, and Valdivia. More than 100,000 people participated in the first national marches of 2013, which took place in early April. Although Chile's education system is regarded by many as one of the best in Latin America, students argue it is deeply unfair. They say middle-class students have access to some of the best schooling in the region, while the poor have to be content with under-funded state schools. The biggest protest movement Chile has seen has been the campaign for educational reform since the return to democracy in 1990, with no free universities. Beginning with a wave of mass demonstrations in 2011, it continued throughout 2012.
6 October 2016 Last updated at 19:40 BST Studio manager Phil Lupton was filmed by the singer in London while riding his motorbike home. Spears posted the footage on her Instagram account, which has more than 13m followers making Mr Lupton unwittingly famous. The footage captures the 34-year-old singer exclaiming, "Very hot, very hot, very hot - my crush in London." Mr Lupton shared that he was only made aware of her feelings a few days ago when a colleague brought the video to his attention. He told BBC London his wife "didn't understand the fuss".
Competing in her first major championship, the 16-year-old from Nottingham, who has cerebral palsy, only became involved in athletics earlier this year. After winning silver in Monday's 200m, she went one better over the shorter distance, winning in 13. 10 seconds - 0. 09 seconds faster than the world record. "I can't believe I've just done that. I'm so happy," she told BBC Sport. Hahn was one of four GB medallists on Wednesday, with Libby Clegg winning her second silver of the week and Josie Pearson and Lee Whiteley winning bronze in the club throw and T38 200m respectively. British Athletics have got a real find in Sophie Hahn and her win was amazing and great for the rest of the team to see youngsters coming through. After her silver medal in the 200m, it was hard to know how the pressure and excitement would translate into the shorter distance. Running straight through the line, she didn't panic or get stressed out. In her interviews afterwards she came across as a very mature 16-year-old but I don't think she realises what she has done in winning a world title. The next couple of years will be about teaching her how to use starting blocks, which can be challenging for someone with cerebral palsy but if they work for her, she could go much much quicker. Hahn's rivalry with Brazilian 17-year-old Veronika Hipolito, who won the 200m and was second in the 100m, will be one to watch in the build-up to Rio 2016. The Briton, who races from a standing start, admits she still has plenty to learn. "After the semi-finals, I knew I had to work on my start and make sure the first couple of steps were spot on,," she said. I blanked everyone and everything else out and tried to pretend I was at a training session, which is what I did in the warm-up and in the race. I've surprised myself. " Hahn has had a dramatic rise since starting at Charnwood AC, along with her brother, earlier this year. The horse-mad teenager, who recently sat her GCSEs and will be starting a course in equine management in Melton Mowbray in September, admitted that she cannot wait to get home and catch up with her friends. There was disappointment for fellow Briton Clegg, who had to be content with second in the T12 100m. Clegg, who won the 200m silver earlier in the week. was the defending world champion but her time of 12. 23 seconds was beaten by Chinese rival Guohua Zhou, who also won gold in London last year. "I'm happy with my performance but gutted with the result and losing my world title, but we will just come back stronger next year," said Clegg. "I definitely think the Chinese girl is beatable, but she was stronger today. My guide Mikail Huggins and I have a few things we want to change in training so hopefully we will come back next year much stronger. " Whiteley, from Sale in Cheshire, finished fourth in the T38 100m but clinched a bronze behind Australian star Evan O'Hanlon in the 200m. Media playback is not supported on this device The 24-year-old, a former able-bodied runner, has battled back from a brain infection which damaged his nervous system and led to reduced function in his nerve endings. "Two years ago, I was in a hospital bed being told I might never walk again, but I just believed in myself and had great support and here I am," he said. "It's all a bit of a shock and a whirlwind. I knew I was capable of winning a medal but until it actually happens you don't really believe it. " Pearson was also delighted after achieving a personal best of 14. 01 in the F31/51/52 club throw, with team-mate Gemma Prescott in eighth. It was Pearson's second medal after winning the discus on Sunday despite a protest by the US team. "After the protest, I had such an awful time thinking I was going to lose the medal," she said. "I knew I was the best athlete and had won fair and square and that made me determined to go out and set a personal best in the club. I did that. ".
The Labour-run council may stop running community centres and some children's centres and libraries to save £30m. The 4,013 responses will help it decide whether it increases council tax "above the government-assumed 2% increase" for adult social care services. Whether it changes any planned cuts will also be influenced by the feedback. Next year, the council announced that its government grant would be reduced by another 20%, however the opposition Conservative group argued that there was £12m available to safeguard front-line services. Despite already making £80m of cuts since 2010, the authority also plans to spend less on winter gritting and flower displays. Lee Carter, cabinet member for finance, said the high level of response was "no surprise" considering the valued services which were threatened. He said that the public's views will assist us in making decisions regarding the council's budget and council tax as we delve deeper into people's opinions. Discussions with partners or community groups about the potential running of some services are advancing well, the authority added. Great Dawley Town Council and Hadley and Leegomery Parish Council are expected to take on some services.
The information, originally obtained by the late Conservative MP Geoffrey Dickens, contains allegations of child abuse from the 1980s. It is understood to have been given to Home Secretary Leon Brittan in 1984. Among several documents seen by the BBC, one suggests that "large numbers" of those named in it were paedophiles. It contains the names of three MPs from the 1980s and other individuals connected to the Conservative party. Lord Brittan - who died in January - was accused of not dealing adequately with information passed to him by Geoffrey Dickens, but said before his death that he had given the "Dickens dossier" to the relevant Home Office officials for examination. The Labour MP John Mann, who recently obtained the file, has criticised the government for failing to find it despite a Home Office review last year. He has also asked why the contents of the file were not investigated at the time. The document seen by the BBC contains 21 names. The information was gathered from two former Tory MPs - Sir Victor Raikes and Anthony Courtney, as suggested by a handwritten note in pencil indicating it was "given to Geoff Dickens, in Lobby, Jan 84". Both are now dead and as a result the authenticity of the document can't be directly verified; however, handwritten notes said to have been compiled during discussions with the MPs in the 1980s are also also in the file. Geoffrey Dickens gave Lord Brittan at least two "dossiers" in 1983 and early 1984. He also had a meeting with Lord Brittan to advocate for stronger laws on importing child abuse material and he asked the home secretary to ban the Paedophile Information Exchange - a group that campaigned for the legalization of sex with children.
On 23 September 2014, the Rail Accident Investigation Board (RAIB) report revealed that the driver, while walking on the track at Sutton Weaver, Cheshire, suffered a severe shock due to not noticing an overhead wire hanging down. Network Rail was recommended by the RAIB to extend its overhead line checks for wire damage at attachment points. The driver, who suffered severe burns to the right-hand side of his body, broken ribs, broken collar bone, and a head wound thought to have occurred when he fell and hit his head against a rail, was hospitalized for 10 weeks. Virgin Trains report that he is making a good recovery. The report found that the wire broke at an attachment point because some strands had "fractured due to fatigue". Its report said the Virgin Trains driver left the train to report his location at Sutton Weaver, to help the team who would reset the circuit breakers which had been tripped after two previous trains touched the live hanging wire. RAIB said the Rail Safety and Standards and Safety Board should investigate whether "clarification is needed relating to the actions that train crew should take if they are required to leave a train" where an overhead live wire is damaged. Coaches were called to take passengers away from the scene, and the incident caused disruption between London Euston and Liverpool Lime Street.
The man who gave his name as Franck, told the newspaper Nice-Matin how he climbed onto the step below the cab and punched the driver through a window. The driver picked up a pistol and tried to shoot Franck, but could not fire it. Eventually, Franck was hit over the head with the pistol and he fell off. Nice-Matin said Franck had huge bruises on his back, a broken rib and a left hand swollen from the punches he threw. At least 84 people, many of them children, were killed when the lorry ploughed into a large crowd watching a night-time fireworks display on the seafront Promenade des Anglais on Bastille Day. The driver, a Tunisian resident in Nice called Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel, also fired at people with his pistol before being shot dead by three policemen. Grainy mobile phone video shows a man on a scooter driving alongside the moving lorry. He dumps the scooter, continues on foot and makes it onto the running board next to the driver's window. The man then falls off and appears to end up under the wheels of the lorry. It was widely thought that he was among the dead until Nice-Matin published the interview with Franck, a local airport worker in his late 40s, on Thursday. "In my mind I had images of bodies flying everywhere. I immediately understood what was happening," he told the newspaper. Clinging on to the lorry's left door, Franck punched Lahouaiej-Bouhlel with his left hand through the open window. "I hit and hit and hit him again with all my strength," he said. "I hit him in the face but he said nothing, he did not flinch. With his gun in his hand, he pointed it at my face, but when he pulled the trigger, it did not work. " In the end, Lahouaiej-Bouhlel hit him on the head with the pistol and he fell off. Franck said that at the time he was "clear-headed and ready to die". A cyclist also tried to climb into the cab shortly before Franck. Alexandre Migues told Nice-Matin on Sunday that he clung onto the door handle and tried to open it several times, but was forced to let go when Lahouaiej-Bouhlel picked up the pistol and pointed it at him. Although he was disappointed that they did not stop Lahouaiej-Bouhlel, Mr Migues said videos of the incident showed he and Franck succeeded in slowing down the lorry and giving people more time to flee.
Daryl Murphy struck in first-half stoppage time with the Magpies having dominated much of the opening period. Matt Ritchie made the game safe soon after the restart as he slotted home after Yoan Gouffran's shot was saved. Ayoze Perez scored the third before Ritchie got his second with a composed finish as Newcastle re-established their one-point lead at the top. With first-choice strikers Dwight Gayle and Aleksandar Mitrovic both injured, there were concerns as to where Newcastle's goals would come from, but those fears were banished as Perez went close a number of times as the home side dominated the first half. It was the Millers, however, who should have taken the lead when goalkeeper Karl Darlow fumbled the ball on the edge of the area and into the path of Jerry Yates, who was eventually denied by the Magpies' stopper as he recovered well from the error to save. Murphy gave Rafael Benitez's men the lead seconds before the break as he turned in DeAndre Yedlin's cross, and soon after the interval Ritchie made it 2-0 to help ensure Rotherham would lose for the 17th time in 21 games in all competitions. Perez then got his first goal since October after another cross from Yedlin, before Ritchie got his second of the game, slotting home a well-timed pass by Jonjo Shelvey - who returned for his first league appearance after the completion of his five-match ban. Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez: "We scored the first goal at the right time and then got the second at a good time too. We had a lot of chances, it was a comfortable win in the end. "Credit to them, they were working hard and in the first half they made it difficult to play against. "We needed to win, we did it, we scored four goals, got a clean sheet and three points, so it was job done. We are going in the right direction. " Rotherham manager Paul Warne:  "We limited them to very few chances in the first half. I thought the way we set up was working a treat and we went to toe-to-toe with them. "My conversation at half-time was a lot more different to what I wanted to have and it was a psychological hit for the lads. "Newcastle started the second half well and then the game was away from us. But I don't think our season will be decided on this game. They have got class and quality all over the pitch, they will be a Premier League club again next season. " Match ends, Newcastle United 4, Rotherham United 0. Second Half ends, Newcastle United 4, Rotherham United 0. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Richard Wood. Isaac Hayden (Newcastle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Will Vaulks (Rotherham United). Foul by Achraf Lazaar (Newcastle United). Stephen Kelly (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Rotherham United. Stephen Kelly replaces Anthony Forde. Offside, Newcastle United. Achraf Lazaar tries a through ball, but Matt Ritchie is caught offside. Attempt saved. Anthony Forde (Rotherham United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Scott Allan with a through ball. Substitution, Newcastle United. Jamie Sterry replaces DeAndre Yedlin. Goal!  Newcastle United 4, Rotherham United 0. Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey with a through ball following a fast break. Karl Darlow concedes a corner to Rotherham United. Attempt saved. Danny Ward (Rotherham United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Tom Adeyemi. Substitution, Newcastle United. Achraf Lazaar replaces Daryl Murphy. Substitution, Rotherham United. Scott Allan replaces Jon Taylor. Attempt missed. Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Sammy Ameobi with a cross. Attempt missed. Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Paul Dummett following a corner. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Joe Mattock. Foul by Ayoze Pérez (Newcastle United). Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey with a cross following a corner. Substitution, Newcastle United. Sammy Ameobi replaces Yoan Gouffran. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Aimen Belaid. Attempt blocked. Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Ayoze Pérez (Newcastle United) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Assisted by Matt Ritchie with a cross. Attempt missed. Richard Wood (Rotherham United) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Anthony Forde with a cross following a corner. Substitution, Rotherham United. Danny Ward replaces Jerry Yates. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Ciaran Clark. Goal!  Newcastle United 3, Rotherham United 0. Ayoze Pérez (Newcastle United) with an attempt from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by DeAndre Yedlin. Attempt saved. Aimen Belaid (Rotherham United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Ciaran Clark. Attempt blocked. Anthony Forde (Rotherham United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Will Vaulks. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Isaac Hayden (Newcastle United) because of an injury. Delay in match Tom Adeyemi (Rotherham United) because of an injury. Foul by Daryl Murphy (Newcastle United). Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. DeAndre Yedlin (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a corner. Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Joe Mattock.
In the third-fourth place play-off in Russia, the 23-year-old beat home favourite Daria Davydova, 26. In Russia are also Britons Kelly Edwards (-52kg), Alice Schlesinger (-63kg), Natalie Powell (-78kg), Max Stewart (-90kg), and Ben Fletcher (-100kg). With the contest scoreless, Livesey earned the winning point with a counter attack with 15 seconds remaining. The Grand Slam is one of the key events in the countdown to the 2017 World Judo Championships in Budapest, Hungary, in August.
Making their Olympic debuts will be Kate French, Joe Choong, and Jamie Cooke, the other team members. With five disciplines, modern pentathlon includes swimming, horse riding, fencing, shooting, and running. By following our special guide, Murray discovered the pathway to entering modern pentathlon, expressing her ambition to be the first British female pentathlete to win medals at two Olympic Games. "The Olympic Games means everything to me. Having competed at London I now know what it's all about, I know what it's like to compete at the Games and I feel like I know what it takes to get on the podium again," she said.
Defender Jamie Grimes fired in via a post to put fifth-placed Dover ahead in the sixth minute, but Jon Parkin lashed home his first Minstermen goal following Simon Lappin's corner to level before the break. Striker Parkin, on loan from Newport, rattled an upright from a tight angle early in the second period, before Ricky Miller restored the hosts' lead from the penalty spot after he was brought down by Shaun Rooney. York, who had won just one of their last 19 league matches, were not to be denied a point though and Rooney made amends for conceding the penalty by heading in Sean Newton's deep free-kick 13 minutes from time. Newton and Parkin were playing their first games as contracted York players. The duo made their loan deals from Wrexham and Newport respectively permanent on Friday. Report supplied by the Press Association. Dover Athletic 2, York City 2, the match ends. Second half ends with a draw, Dover Athletic 2, York City 2. Goal!  Dover Athletic 2, York City 2. Shaun Rooney (York City). Goal!  Dover Athletic 2, York City 1. Ricky Miller (Dover Athletic) converts the penalty with a. Substitution, York City. Daniel Nti replaces Rhys Murphy. Substitution, York City. Luke Woodland replaces Matt Fry. Substitution, Dover Athletic. Ricky Modeste replaces Moses Emmanuel. Substitution, Dover Athletic. James Hurst replaces Sammy Moore. Second Half begins Dover Athletic 1, York City 1. First Half ends, Dover Athletic 1, York City 1. Sammy Moore (Dover Athletic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Goal!  Dover Athletic 1, York City 1. Jon Parkin (York City). Shaun Rooney (York City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Simon Heslop (York City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Goal!  Dover Athletic 1, York City 0. Jamie Grimes (Dover Athletic). First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
The US justice department said Harlem Suarez, also known as Almlak Benitez, has been charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. He allegedly planned to bury a bomb containing nails at a beach in Key West and detonate it with a mobile phone. Prosecutors claim he was inspired by the Islamic State militant group, which has called for attacks on the West. According to the FBI, Suarez recorded a video in May in which he said: "We will destroy America and divide it into two. He first came to the attention of the FBI in April after posting extremist messages on Facebook, officials say we will raise our black flag on top of your White House and any president on duty. He was caught after buying a fake device from an FBI agent in a sting operation on Monday. Several young men have been arrested in the US in recent months, with many plotting attacks in the name of the Islamic State group.
Former Education and Welfare officer Lucy Ward told the tribunal she was dismissed as she was in a relationship with former head coach Neil Redfearn. At the hearing, she claims unfair dismissal and sex discrimination. The club denies any improper conduct and argues that she was dismissed for exceeding her annual leave entitlement. In 2015, Ms Ward travelled to Canada to work as a BBC analyst and commentator at the 2015 Women's World Cup. Live updates on this story and others from West Yorkshire The tribunal previously heard club chairman Massimo Cellino sacked her because she and Mr Redfearn came as "a pair". Ms Ward told the tribunal she was treated as "Neil's baggage" and was given "no dignity as a businesswoman in my own right". Leeds United's barrister Lucy Bairstow put it to Ms Ward that she "repeatedly failed to work on a Wednesday" and had not been given specific authorisation to have that day off. She responded: "My working pattern was well-known and agreed with my line manager each season. "Nobody ever said what I was doing was wrong. I'm being disciplined for the working practices I've had for 11 years. The chairman of Leeds Ladies FC, Gary Cooper, allegedly had a conversation with Mr Cellino. Mr Cooper informed Ms Ward that Mr Cellino had said to him: "Football is no place for women, they should be in the bedroom or the beauticians. Also scheduled to provide evidence were Mr Redfearn and former Leeds United executive director Adam Pearson. The tribunal is ongoing.
Catherine Corless said "finally the truth has come out" about burials of infants at the former mother and baby home in Tuam, County Galway. A state-appointed inquiry confirmed on Friday that "significant quantities of human remains" were found during a dig. The inquiry was ordered in 2014 as a result of Ms Corless's research. She found death certificates for 796 infants who died at the home from natural causes, but despite painstaking research, she has not been able to locate their burial records. The Mother and Baby Homes Commission of Investigation stated that during test excavations carried out over the last four months, a "long structure divided into 20 chambers" was uncovered. Human remains were found in "at least 17 of the 20 underground chambers that were examined", with tests confirming that the bodies found ranged in age from premature babies to children age three. Speaking to BBC Radio Ulster on Monday, the historian said: "I was adamant and I did believe all along that it was only a matter of time until we came across them, so it was a good day to know that finally the truth had come out. "I was thinking of all the survivors of the Tuam home who have brothers and sisters buried there and I knew in my heart and soul that they would be delighted with this announcement because they want a grave to visit. "They want to know where their loved ones are buried, so for them it was a wonderful day in that light - a sad day but a good day as well. " Ms Corless told BBC Radio Ulster it was a chance discovery, that happened unintentionally while she was writing a history of the Catholic-run home in Tuam. "It was during my research that I came across the graveyard, and that's what really started me asking questions," she said. "I never knew there was a graveyard there. There was no headstone, no crucifix, it wasn't marked on the local map and I just started asking questions. " The home was run by the Bon Secours order of nuns from 1925 to 1961 and according to Ms Corless it was surrounded by 8ft (2. 4m) high walls. Radiocarbon tests carried out on the human remains suggest that they date from the period the home was operational. The building has since been demolished and in the 1970s, a housing estate was built on the land. Two young boys who were playing at the site in the 1970s discovered some skeletal remains, but the matter was not fully investigated at the time. At the weekend, the Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, Michael Neary, said he was deeply shocked and horrified by the confirmation that more human remains had been found buried in the grounds of the home. He said the church would work with relatives to ensure their loved ones were given "dignified re-interment" in consecrated graves. Housing Minister Simon Coveney told Irish broadcaster RTÉ that the Tuam burials may have to be investigated by An Garda Síochána (Irish police). "When you look at the way in which children's bodies were discarded in the way that they were, 17 of the 20 chambers, had remains in them, it's hard to see that there wouldn't be garda involvement in this case," said the minister. "People shouldn't only talk here about the Bon Secours Sisters, although obviously they have questions to answer, but this was a site that was owned by the state and it's a site that's still owned by Galway County Council, so there's a significant responsibility on the state here, as well as the Bon Secours Sisters. Currently liaising with the coroner on the issue, a spokesman for An Garda Síochána (Irish police) told BBC News NI. As well as the discovery at Tuam, the commission is also investigating conditions at 17 other residential institutions across the Republic of Ireland. The inquiry began in 2015 and was expected to take at least three years to complete its work.
A Volkswagen Polo hit "a number of people" in North Street outside the main entrance to Guildford's The Friary Centre at about 10:35 BST. A one-year-old girl and a man aged in his 60s were airlifted to St George's Hospital, in Tooting, south London. Taken to a hospital in Guildford was the baby's two-year-old brother. The siblings, in a children's push-along shopping trolley shaped like a car, were being pushed by their grandparents. South East Coast Ambulance reported that a woman was taken to a south London hospital with leg injuries and three other women were treated at the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford for injuries that were not considered life-threatening. Later it tweeted: "Our thoughts are with all those involved in today's incident in #Guildford. " A Surrey Police spokeswoman said the driver of the car was a woman aged in her 80s, and there was a male passenger. One of the first on the scene was student nurse Amy Liversidge, who said: "I saw people lying on the floor. I just checked over everyone to make sure everyone was breathing, everyone was conscious, and then I went to an elderly gentleman who had a head injury. " Witness Carly Stevens said: "I heard screeching and babies screaming and four workmen ran and took the two kids out of the buggy. "They held them until the police and ambulance got here. I'm not sure if they'd been hit but they were screaming. While a Surrey Police specialist crash investigation unit sought to "establish the circumstances surrounding the incident", the area around North Street remained closed. A spokeswoman for the force appealed for witnesses and anyone with information to contact officers. The Friary centre manager Vicky Hickson said: "We are closely working with Surrey Police as they investigate an incident which took place today on North Street. "The main entrance to The Friary on North Street was temporarily closed, but has since reopened. "We would like to thank customers for their understanding. " There is still a fair degree of shock and confusion and concern about what has happened here in Guildford this morning. Eyewitnesses said the silver car was driving down North Street, coming down the hill, when it hit a bollard before running up on to the pavement. We understand it then collided with a small red children's ride-on car - the type used at The Friary Centre for parents to push around young kids. An eyewitness said two young children were inside the plastic toy car when it was hit. Seven people in total have been taken to the hospital. The two occupants of the car are both reported to be elderly.
Cornwall Council said it had been awarded more than Â£30,000 in grants to enable "essential works to be carried out" on the Grade II-listed Huer's Hut on the Towan headland. The council said the hut dates from the 19th Century, when Newquay was still a village and part of the pilchard industry, with the works expected to take four weeks to complete. The council - which has a long-term lease on the building, and is responsible for its repair and maintenance - said it had formally appointed contractor Ryearch to carry out the works on the hut. Provided shelter by such huts were lookouts, known as huers, who alerted fishermen to passing pilchard shoals. The council said the known history of the site dated back to the 14th Century, and it may have been a hermitage, although the current building dated back to the mid-19th Century.
An Iraqi military convoy hurtles along dirt tracks, kicking up a haze which shrouds deserted shells of houses with a ghostly pallor. The only speck of colour on this terrain is Iraq's red, white and black tricolour raised on rooftops and tank turrets. Village by village, battle after battle, Iraqi forces are slowly advancing towards the northern city of Mosul. In this area, captured in recent weeks, they're now about 60km (37 miles) south of IS's de facto Iraqi capital, where the creation of an Islamic "caliphate" was proclaimed two years ago. "Our orders are to liberate every square inch of Iraq. We are determined to eliminate Daesh [IS] by the end of the year," Iraqi army chief Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanimi tells me as we travel with him on his first visit here in the wake of their latest battlefield successes. If this is the year of the big battle to retake Mosul, its consequence could be what United Nations envoy Jan Kubis describes as "the biggest, most sensitive humanitarian crisis in the world". As Iraqi forces inch forward, more and more families are fleeing the other way - escaping with their lives from the clutches of IS, but entering another kind of hell. The world's aid community is already struggling to help care for almost 3. 4 million people left homeless by earlier battles. This year, the UN's annual appeal is less than 40% funded. "There's donor fatigue," says a frustrated UN official in Baghdad. "It's almost as if the world wants the Iraqi problem to go away, and they're embarrassed it's still here. " Whatever the failures which followed the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, the campaign against IS is now what matters in many capitals. The jihadist group's reach now stretches far beyond the territory it holds in Iraq and Syria. The self-styled caliphate has been a lodestone for foreign fighters and supporters who have carried out attacks in cities worldwide. The human cost in Iraq of this crucial war now seems to be registering. At the same time as defence ministers of major military powers are assessing the battles ahead at a meeting in Washington of the Global Coalition to Counter IS, major donors are also gathering there to find more funds for a looming humanitarian crisis. "You can't have one meeting without the other," insists Peter Hawkins, the Iraq representative of the United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef). "This will be biggest thing in 2016 in terms of human cost. There's no question about that. " The hope is to reach pledges totalling almost $2bn (Â£1. 5bn) for operations linked to the Mosul campaign, but also $284m (Â£215m) to prepare for it. On the ground, the cost mounts by the day. On the edges of the northern city of Tikrit, which was recaptured from IS by Iraqi government forces in March 2015, hundreds of families converge on rocky ground in a desperate search for aid of any kind. Most have fled, with only the clothes they wore, from fighting on a new frontline in the town of Sharqat, about 100km away. "It's miserable here but compared to what we left behind, we feel like we're sitting on the White House lawn," declares Ali Hamdani Shimmari as he shelters against a brick wall in a futile search for shade. Never mind that there is not a speck of green, much less a flower, on this hardscrabble terrain a long way from the American seat of power. "We're so grateful to Iraq and its allies who bombed Sharqat, and to Iraqi forces who took us out," Mr Shimmari says. But the new enemy is scorching 50-degree heat, and hunger. And it is not clear when they will escape from this one. "They are living inside houses that are unfinished, in schools that are inhabited," says Sara Alzawqari of the International Committee of the Red Cross. "They have no food, no electricity, no water. " Long queues form, mainly men in long white robes and red chequered headdresses, to receive a first-starter kit from the ICRC, which includes everything from a small cooker to a plastic cooler, sacks of rice and hygiene kits. Nineteen-year-old Jassim stands with a vacant stare next to his mound of goods. Responsibility for a family of 11 lies on his thin shoulders. IS kidnapped his father a year and a half ago and there's been no news since then. "Our life in Sharqat was horrible. Daesh destroyed it," he says. "We have nothing now, but we have security. " "It's a risk to stay and a bigger risk to leave. And once you leave, where are you going to go?" asks Ms Alzawqari. The recent major battle for Falluja, just to the west of Baghdad, ended more quickly than everyone expected. Many do not want to return to a city in ruin that has been cursed by violence since 2003, with some 85,000 civilians having fled. No-one is certain how long the battle for the biggest prize of Mosul will take. "We think Daesh will collapse," Gen Ghanimi says. "We know they are bankrupt and unable to hold their ground. " A soldier from Mosul, Abdul Majid Nazal, adds further detail as we stand on a newly-erected temporary bridge spanning the River Tigris which will help hasten the army's move north. "Most Iraqis who joined [IS] won't fight because they know they will get killed. Escaping to Turkey and Syria are most of us, with Mosul serving as a major testing ground for an ill-equipped army supported by Kurdish Peshmerga units and local fighters. Added to the mix will be small clusters of Western special forces personnel, hundreds of American military advisers working closely with the army to strengthen logistics and planning, as well as Iranian Revolutionary Guards. Iraq's army chief insists only Iraqis will do the fighting. But to take back and hold Mosul, and take care of its people, Iraq needs much more help from the world.
Baroness Manningham-Buller said plans to make the Prevent counter-terrorism strategy a statutory obligation risked banning "non-violent extremists" from speaking at universities. She said such opinions need to be "exposed, challenged and countered". Home Office minister Lord Bates said he would consider the matter further. At present, colleges and other bodies take part in the government's Prevent strategy voluntarily. The Home Office says the flagship strategy relies upon the co-operation of organisations to be effective, but says co-operation is "not consistent across the country". Passing legislation to make the delivery of the strategy a legal requirement for some organisations would "improve the standard of work on the Prevent programme across the country", it said. During a House of Lords debate on the bill, Baroness Manningham-Buller - who was head of the security service at the time of the 7/7 London bombings in 2005 - told peers that the proposed Counter-Terrorism and Security Bill would give legal duties to bodies such as local authorities and universities, risking banning non-violent extremists from speaking at universities. "It is a profound irony in seeking to protect our values against this pernicious ideology we are trying to bar views too vaguely described as non-violent extremism, which falls short of incitement to violence or to racial or ethnic hatred or the other legislative constraints on universities," the independent peer said. She said offensive and insulting opinions about the rule of law, democracy, civil society, and women's rights needed to be exposed, challenged and countered. Other peers also voiced their concerns during the debate. Liberal Democrat peer, Lord Macdonald of River Glaven - a former director of public prosecutions - said: "An institution that shouts down a speaker with unpopular views or bans arguments that cause offence is not really a university at all, it is an intellectual closed shop, and that is something very different and much less attractive. " Labour peer Baroness Kennedy of The Shaws - a leading QC and principal of Mansfield College, Oxford - said freedom of speech would be undermined by the legislation. "To interfere with or to create a chilling effect is really something we should step back from," she said. Tory peer, Lord Renfrew of Kaimsthorn - a former master of Jesus College, Cambridge - said free speech should be constrained "as little as possible" in universities. "Very high principles are at stake here and at risk," he said. Lord Bates said the government regarded it as important for universities to be included in the Bill. Between 1999 and 2009, around 30% of people convicted of al-Qaeda-related terrorism offences had attended a higher education institution, he said. "Freedom of speech is not an absolute. The duty is to secure freedom of speech within the law," he said But he told peers he understood "the trepidations of many in this House and I have heard the strength of feeling on this matter". He said he would discuss the proposal with ministerial colleagues "in order to identify whether it would be possible to provide some additional comfort to peers and to the education sector itself".
Sales volumes jumped 2. 3% in April from the month before, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said, and were 4% higher than a year earlier. April's rebound contrasted with March, when sales saw the biggest fall in seven years. "Anecdotal evidence from retailers suggests that good weather contributed to growth," the ONS said. The stronger-than-expected rise in sales pushed the value of the pound above $1. 30 to its highest level since September last year. David Cheetham, chief markets analyst at XTB, said the figures would "go some way to allay the fears of a slowdown in consumer spending following last month's sharp drop". Due to recent rises in inflation, the amount spent in shops and online was 6. 2% higher in the three months to April compared with a year ago - the biggest rise in 15 years. The ONS did not say whether inflation pressures would continues to affect sales during the rest of the year. "We need a longer series to properly determine a pattern," it said. The retail sales figures come a day after separate ONS figures indicated that wages were rising slower than inflation for first time since mid-2014. Keith Richardson, managing director retail sector at Lloyds Bank Commercial Banking, said the retail figures were "welcome news, but it's too early to think that the tide is turning after a dismal first quarter". According to Close Brothers Retail Finance's managing director Alex Marsh, there has been a notable rise in sales within the furniture sector, a trend attributed to Easter Bank Holiday Monday shopping. Marsh highlighted, however, that the increasing inflation might pose challenges for consumers looking to buy big-ticket items such as household appliances unless there is an expansion in available credit. Chief business economist at IHS Markit, Chris Williamson, also advised to be careful, as the latest three-month trend indicated only a slight increase in sales of 0. 3%. "With the exception of the first three months of this year, that's the weakest trend rate since the third quarter of 2014," he said. April delivered a boost for retail. We've already had the British Retail Consortium's survey, which saw the strongest sales numbers for years. But the industry body put much of that rise down to the timing of Easter, which was later this year than last. Shops tend to sell more stuff during the Easter break. The ONS's figures are seasonally adjusted, which means that the timing of Easter shouldn't have been a factor in its own survey this morning. It said warm weather helped deliver growth. The big question is whether this pace of spending can continue. The squeeze on consumers is now on, with average real wages falling. And it's not getting any easier for retailers either as they deal with the consequences of the fall in the pound and how much of the associated extra costs they'll have to pass on to consumers.
Opposition is currently being crushed and communities are being intimidated, with bodies appearing on the streets almost daily. There are concerns that if the cycle of killing is not stopped, there could be a resurgence of ethnic violence. Like neighbouring Rwanda, hundreds of thousands died in Burundi during ethnic clashes between Hutus and Tutsis in the 1990s, The BBC's Africa correspondent Alastair Leithead met one man who said he was captured by police and tortured for seven days before escaping.
Media playback is not supported on this device Eoin Bradley had given Coleraine the lead in the 27th minute by following up to score after his penalty had been parried out by keeper Tim Allen. The spot-kick was awarded when Bradley had been fouled by Allen. Third-placed Coleraine looked set to take the three points until McMurray got on the end of a corner to level. Coleraine are unbeaten in their last 13 matches in all competitions, winning 11 and drawing the other two. Striker Bradley has now scored seven goals since rejoining the Bannsiders in January. Ballymena went close to equalising just before half-time when Tony Kane crashed a long-range shot off the crossbar. In the second half, United were threatened again, who were beaten 4-0 in the Irish Cup the last time the sides met, with a well-blocked shot by Gary Thompson by Coleraine's Gareth McConaghie. The leveller came for the Sky Blues when McMurray firmly nodded in his 12th goal of the season from Kane's left-wing corner. Ballymena manager David Jeffrey: "It was a cracking game of football and for the first 20-25 minutes Coleraine were the better side. "But we came alive and should have made it 1-1 with Tony Kane's wonderful effort. "In the second half, if we had taken the chances we created, we would have had the three points, but I am very pleased with the performance. " Coleraine manager Oran Kearney: "We would like to have held on to the 1-0, but on the second half performance Ballymena probably deserved their point. "We got our goal and have been resolute in defence and the fact that the goal came from a set piece is disappointing. ".
The club's debts are estimated at nearly 75m euros (£54m). Giampietro Manenti promised to clear the debts when he took over as chairman last month but he was arrested on Wednesday after being accused of involvement in a credit card scam. The Italian league has allocated 5m euro (£3. 6m) so the league's bottom club can fulfil their fixtures. During a scheduled hearing, club officials Osvaldo Riccobene and Enrico Siciliano represented the club in the absence of Manenti, with the hearing lasting 10 minutes. Riccobene mentioned: "The club's creditors requested bankruptcy, a request accepted by the prosecutor." "Parma's season has spiraled into farce for quite some time. This campaign, players have not been paid, and they have been required to handle their own laundry, drive the team bus, and go without hot water. " The club - who have changed ownership twice this season - have already been hit with a three-point deduction and been forced to postpone two matches. They are 16 points adrift of safety. Parma, who are coached by former Italy and AC Milan midfielder Roberto Donadoni, were runners-up in Serie A in 1997 and won the Uefa Cup in 1995 and 1999, as well as the 1993 Cup Winners' Cup.
Its assets were sold for £1. 5m in November by the British & Irish Cup runners-up from last season in order to see out the campaign. They came fifth in the second tier last term, but captain James Freeman and Gary Graham have now left. Morgan told BBC Jersey that the biggest expense we have is the playing squad, so money has been taken out of that. A very significant chunk has been taken out, as we had to address an overspend of around £300,000 per year. It's important to consider the fate of London Welsh and the difficulties that other clubs have faced in recent seasons. " Flanker Graham has joined Premiership side Newcastle while skipper Freeman has gone to Exeter. Reds sold their St Peter ground to "third-party owners" as part of the restructure last year, but Morgan remains confident that they can buy it back by 2020, a target set in January. "You just have to be realistic. I think as long as you're up front and people know what you've got to spend, in Harvey's [Biljon, head coach] case his budget, he works to that. Finding good lads at good prices, he's done a great job.
Lee Joshua, 43, was jailed alongside fellow EDL supporters Jake Hill, James Harrington and Adam Beebee, who were involved in violence in Birmingham in July 2013. About 200 people were involved in the disturbance with police in the Broad Street and Centenary Square areas. Informing the four men admitting violent disorder at Birmingham Crown Court, a judge stated that about 30 officers were injured in the plainly racist and/or anti-Muslim rally. Joshua had professed to have "enjoyed every minute" of the disturbance, and subsequently shared an image of himself on Facebook burning a copy of the Koran. The court heard that a Muslim prayer cap and a Pakistani flag were set on fire in the street, while police were pelted with paving slabs and bottles. Joshua, from Highbridge Road, Netherton, near Dudley, told police he had drunk 10 cans of lager, and was said to have been at the "forefront of attempts to break through police lines". Hill, 22, from Mill Street, Brierley Hill, West Midlands, had spat at police officers and been part of a crowd that attacked them, was sentenced to 22 months in jail. Harrington, 30 from Swarcliffe Road, Leeds, was seen on CCTV trying to hit police with a length of wood and was sentenced to two years. Beebee, 28, from Boundary Road, Erdington, Birmingham, admitted trying to pass through police lines to "have a ruck" with counter-protesters. He was sentenced to 13 months' imprisonment. A further 48 men are due to be sentenced during December at the same court for offences linked to the disorder.
Welsh Tory leader Andrew RT Davies accused Labour of a "stunning failure to safeguard taxpayers' money" in paying £52m for the airport in 2013. The estimate by accountants KPMG is in a report by the Wales Audit Office. The Welsh government said BBC reports based on those figures were "entirely selective and misleading". Ministers bought Cardiff Airport from its Spanish owners Abertis for £52m, after another higher valuation from consultants Arup took into account other potential benefits of public ownership. The deal followed years of concern about the airport's performance and long-term viability. First Minister Carwyn Jones had defended the purchase as securing the airport's future as "a vital gateway to Wales", to be run at arm's length from government. Publishing its report on Wednesday, the Wales Audit Office said it acknowledged time constraints but pointed to "some weaknesses" in the preparation of the business case for the deal. On the purchase price, the watchdog noted that "commercial valuations can vary greatly depending on the assumptions applied". It said the Welsh government had undertaken a "rigorous" process of due diligence, but it said the airport's need to borrow money was "greater than forecast at the time of acquisition", and that growth had been slower than predicted. Auditor General Huw Vaughan Thomas said:  "Turning the airport around is proving more challenging than the Welsh government expected at the time of the acquisition, despite some positive developments. " Welsh Tory leader Andrew RT Davies said it was "unforgiveable" for the Welsh government to have paid so much for the airport. "This is yet another example of the Welsh Labour government's stunning failure to safeguard taxpayers' money, with tens of millions of pounds going to waste - despite clear, professional advice which should have told them that the price they were prepared to pay for the airport was over the odds," he said. Added Welsh Liberal Democrats economy and transport spokesperson Eluned Parrott: "This represents yet another significant setback to the Labour government's already damaged economic reputation." "KPMG modelled a range of scenarios during the due diligence process," he said. "The resulting valuations varied greatly depending on the cost of capital applied to the calculations. "After taking further professional advice including a public asset valuation from Arup, the Welsh government concluded that a valuation of around £55m would be reasonable from a commercial perspective. "The public asset valuation of £472m [taking into account the airport's wider value to the Welsh economy] also justified the price paid on public value for money grounds. " He added: "We were right to rescue Cardiff Airport from a downward spiral in private ownership and the report by the Auditor General for Wales confirms we took appropriate due diligence before purchasing the airport and that the governance arrangements since the acquisition have had a positive impact. " The public spending watchdog, the Wales Audit Office, says ministers undertook appropriate due diligence before buying the airport. This means they'd undertaken all the sensible measures expected of people when they take over a company. Valuations, though, are not straightforward and depend on the assumptions of the buyers. The issue is that something is worth what someone is willing to pay for it. The Welsh government made it clear that it thought the airport was an embarrassment to Wales and it wanted to take it over. It faced a seller who was happy to keep hold of the site. That in itself would push the price up. It's a widely held view in the business community that the Welsh government did overpay for the airport. However, since it has taken over at Cardiff, it's certainly seen passenger numbers increase and facilities improve.
His four-day trip begins in Washington where he will meet business leaders to promote Wales as a place to invest in and visit. Mr Jones will also visit New York - the city where Dylan Thomas died - to encourage tourism linked to the poet. Asked if the trip was a "jolly", he said it was no "holiday" and ministers had to travel to "sell Wales". In Washington, Mr Jones will visit Congress, where he will address a group of 200 people with an interest in Wales set up by members of the Senate and House of Representatives. He said the reception would be a "great way to raise awareness about Wales in Washington". He said when asked about the four-day trip: "I've got nine hours on a plane, straight out and straight into a two-hour event where I've got to speak and meet 200 people, so it's not much of a holiday, and then it's usually 12, 13 hours a day after that." He added: "It's all part of the job." We have to make sure that we go out and sell Wales. No-one else will do it for us. " The value of trade trips has previously been questioned by opposition parties, but Mr Jones continues to defend foreign trade missions. "I went to India and came back with Â£800m as an investment, which came as a pleasant surprise to us in many, many ways. "These visits, sometimes you get a short-term gain but also of course it's about building up that relationship over time, and that's what's served us well in terms of bringing investment into Wales. " He said direct foreign investment into Wales had doubled and "that's the sort of result we want to see next year and the year after". Mr Jones added: "You have to talk to people. Pinewood [studios] didn't come here at the drop of a hat- we've been talking to them for a long time. "It's the same with other potential investors around the world. " The first minister said he was "sure" significant announcements and launches would be made during his visit. The second half of Mr Jones's trip, visiting New York, will take a more cultural turn, including the promotion of events surrounding the Dylan Thomas centenary. William Graham, the Welsh Conservatives' shadow business minister, said: "The first minister must be mindful of accusations of globe-trotting at the taxpayers' expense and ensure that this trip is productive and results in gains for Welsh businesses. "Trade missions and trade trips are an important way of securing lucrative contracts for Welsh businesses, but we need to see evidence that the Welsh government is actually making a positive difference. ".
An inquiry worker claimed he groped her in a lift in September. Without hesitation, a former director of public prosecutions has now exonerated Ben Emmerson QC. Mr Emmerson, who quit the inquiry in September, said he was "very pleased" with the investigation's outcome. He said: "This has been a difficult period and I am naturally very pleased that an independent senior judge has now confirmed that the allegations against me were always unfounded. " The inquiry worker said the senior lawyer assaulted her at the inquiry's offices in Millbank in central London in early September. Mr Emmerson was suspended over what the inquiry said were concerns about his leadership, and then resigned. His chambers, Matrix, set up an inquiry into his conduct, led by Sir David Calvert-Smith. As well as being a former senior counsel to the inquiry, Mr Emmerson is a deputy High Court judge, a visiting professor of human rights law at Oxford University and a leading international lawyer. The national child abuse inquiry was set up in 2014 to examine whether public bodies including the police have failed in their duty to protect children from sexual abuse. It will also examine claims of abuse involving "well-known people". It is currently led by Professor Alexis Jay but has been beset by problems, most notably the resignations of her three predecessors.
Jane Sawyers will leave next summer after 32 years with the force. She said it hadn't been an easy decision, noting that she was honored to hold the post and proud of the professionalism, commitment, and service of her staff. Ms Sawyers stated that she would work with police and crime commissioner Matthew Ellis to identify her successor.
Mae'r cynllun hwn yn rhan o gynlluniau'r cwmni i gau 62 o ganghennau ar draws y DU. Bydd pum cangen yn cau yn ne Cymru, sef Maesteg, Rhydaman, Abergwaun, Arberth a changen Ffordd Churchill yng Nghaerdydd. Yn y gogledd bydd canghennau Caergybi, Treffynnon, Llanrwst a Threfyclo ym Mhowys hefyd yn cau. Pennaeth bancio manwerthu HSBC yw Francesca McDonagh, sy'n dweud bod 180 o swyddi mewn perygl o fynd ar draws 62 o ganghennau yn y DU. Meddai bod cynnydd o 80% ers y llynedd yn y ffaith bod llai o bobl yn defnyddio canghennau, ac mae mwy na 90% o'n cwsmeriaid yn rhyngweithio drwy ein sianeli digidol erbyn hyn. Fe ddaw'r newyddion ychydig wythnosau wedi i fanc y Nat West gyhoeddi eu bod nhw hefyd yn cau nifer o ganghennau ar draws Cymru, gan gynnwys naw yn y gogledd.
Negotiations are continuing between the former Celtic boss and the Scottish Championship club with a view to him succeeding Alan Stubbs. Stubbs left for Rotherham United last week after two seasons in charge and having just won the Scottish Cup. Lennon is believed to want Garry Parker as his number two at Hibs, who missed out promotion to the Premiership after a play-off defeat by Falkirk. The pair played together at Leicester City and Lennon had Parker as part of his coaching team at Celtic and Bolton Wanderers. Former Northern Ireland midfielder Lennon, who won the League Cup twice as a player with Leicester, served Celtic as a player for six-and-a-half years, winning five Scottish titles and six domestic cups. Lennon rejoined Celtic as a coach in 2008 after a spell back in English football, eventually becoming manager in 2010. He experienced further success in the dugout at Celtic Park with three successive top-flight titles and two Scottish Cup triumphs before leaving in 2014. Later that year, a move to Bolton followed and, despite initial improvement under Lennon, Wanderers were bottom of the Championship by the time he left in March, with the side eventually relegated. Hibs have spent the last two seasons in Scotland's second tier, having also lost out in the promotion play-offs in 2015. However, having ended their 114-year wait to win the Scottish Cup, the Edinburgh club will enter the Europa League qualifying rounds, with their first match on 14 July. On Sunday, Stubbs told BBC Scotland he thought that Lennon, his former Celtic team-mate, would be a "a good choice" for the Easter Road vacancy.
Boys aged five to 16 get on average £10. 70 a week made up from pocket money, a paid job or paid chores. Girls are on £8. 50 a week, data suggests. The survey of 2,000 UK children by researchers Childwise also found boys were given more financial independence. Parents were teaching girls and boys differently about money, it found. The majority of children receive some sort of regular weekly payment, typically pocket money from their parents, data suggested. Only one in five had a paid job. Researchers found that the difference between girls and boys' allowance becomes wider the older they get. Boys aged 11 to 16 were on £17. There was a gap of £5 with boys at 80, as girls of the same age were on £12.50. 30. Jenny Ehren, research manager at Childwise, stated that there is evidence suggesting an early gender imbalance in parental approaches to teaching children about money and financial independence. Boys tend to receive regular cash payments, whereas girls often depend on others to buy them items or manage their money. " She added that girls appeared to have less financial freedom than boys. "They are more likely to have things bought for them, including expensive items such as clothes and footwear, and lower cost purchases such as toiletries, hair products and makeup," said Ms Ehren. These extra purchases helped to bridge the income gap between boys and girls, but the approach to managing money matters was "noticeably different", she added. The most popular pocket money purchase was sweets and chocolate, followed closely by crisps, snacks, soft drinks and going out, the survey found. It also showed:.
It comes after the Health and Care Professions Council said more work was needed on the University of East Anglia and Anglia Ruskin University courses. The East of England Ambulance Service (EEAS) recruited the paramedics. But, gaining approval was a university responsibility, the EEAS said. The GMB said the ambulance service needed to "take responsibility". Clive Lewis, Labour MP for Norwich South, raised the matter in the House of Commons. Mr. Hunt agreed to take up the issue of the training of paramedics at EEAS, noting that the course had not received accreditation and trainee paramedics had been left "£4,000 out of pocket" (the cost of the course). Anglia Ruskin and the University of East Anglia both said they were working on a solution with the Health and Care Professions Council (HCPC) who had asked for more information before it would approve the scheme. UEA also said review was a normal part of the approval process and it would "begin delivery of the diploma by the end of this year". The ambulance service, under fire from patients and the Department of Health for poor response times, had pledged to recruit and train 400 paramedics. Recruits who had been "learning on the job while studying" were told in a letter the universities' failure "does not affect the development undertaken within the trust or ability to work after successfully completing it". Tony Hughes, GMB union representative at the EEAS, stated that the EEAS should have ensured that the course was in place in its entirety. It is deemed unacceptable that halfway through their course, they are informed that they are unable to complete it. "This has just come out of the blue. Once again the EEAS is blaming others. and not taking the responsibility themselves. " Chris Hartley, East of England Ambulance Trust communications director, said the service had hundreds of frontline vacancies at the start of 2014. "We are working closely with them (the universities) to ensure students are able to complete their qualification with as little delay as possible," he said. The trust is also looking at other education providers with an existing approved programme.
It originally included plans to provide mandatory healthy relationships education in all schools, but that aspect has since been removed. South Wales PCC Alun Michael said: "As it was introduced, I think the bill was not as strong as the white paper. " The minister responsible, Leighton Andrews, said he had already made changes to strengthen the legislation. Speaking to BBC's The Wales Report programme, Mr Michael said: "If we can go that step further and it's the whole school rather than just issues about the curriculum that are important, then we can start early in changing the attitudes that lead to people becoming perpetrators. " Nadia Salaman, whose sister Assia Newton was strangled by her estranged husband after decades of abuse, said education was key to protecting young people from ending up in abusive relationships. "We do need to educate people on what abuse is and what is and what isn't acceptable in a relationship and what is a healthy relationship," she said. In its report, the Communities, Equality and Local Government Committee said the removal of the education proposals from the bill was "the most significant omission" since it was introduced. Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews said the bill was still in its early stages. "As previously mentioned, our intention is to propose an amendment that will provide us with a structure for addressing the education issues." "And that means there will be a duty on local authorities to report on what is being done in schools. " Domestic abuse accounted for over a third of all reported assaults with injury in Wales in the year ending August 2013. In the Gwent Police force area it was 41% of reported assaults, in South Wales and North Wales it was 36% and in Dyfed-Powys it was 29%. The Wales Report can be viewed on BBC1 Wales at 22:35 GMT on Wednesday, 10 December.
Stuart Wilkie has also been named as chief executive of the bid vehicle, which is now called Excalibur Steel UK. He played a leading role in drawing up a survival plan for the loss-making UK operations. This plan was rejected as "too risky" by Tata's board, who have put the steel plants up for sale. BBC Wales reported last week that Mr Wilkie would be the leading figure in the management buyout. He has years of experience in the industry, including with Corus before Tata at Ebbw Vale and at Trostre. The survival plan included more than 1,000 redundancies, most of them at Port Talbot. Roger Maggs, chair of the Excalibur Steel consortium, stated last week that the rescue plan was still viable. Simon Gibson, a director of Excalibur and business associate of tycoon Sir Terry Matthews, hosted a consortium meeting at the Celtic Manor in Newport last week. A spokesman said: "We are in the process of establishing a full team plus advisors to progress the bid and engage with interested parties. "Further statements will be made in due course". The UK government is willing to take a stake of up to 25% as a co-investor. The Welsh government is also committed to over Â£60 million in funding. Who might buy Tata in Port Talbot? What's going wrong with Britain's steel industry? Tata Steel UK: What are the options? Is China to blame for steel woes? The management buyout option would include investment from managers, workers and the local community. A group of business figures, led by the billionaire entrepreneur, Sir Terry Matthews, is also supporting the management buyout though it is not clear whether that includes financial backing. The executive chairman of Liberty Steel in Newport, Sanjeev Gupta, is also investigating a potential takeover of Tata's UK sites. Tata Steel Europe will consider all expressions of interest for Tata Steel's UK operations, including any management buy-out proposals, when received, as stated by a Tata spokesperson. " "In the interests of all stakeholders every credible expression of interest will enter the same rigorous assessment process to ensure the best value and prospects of sustainability for Tata Steel UK. ".
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness told the outgoing Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader that all political careers end and added: "My day too will come. " Mr Robinson quickly interrupted him to say: "That's Tiocfaidh ár Lá isn't it?" The DUP leader was referring to the Irish republican slogan which translates as "Our day will come". Mr McGuinness replied that he was delighted Mr Robinson's knowledge of the Irish language was improving. Mr. McGuinness wished the first minister well in his upcoming retirement, praising his track record of leading the Northern Ireland Assembly since 2008 despite their differing ideologies and allegiances. "It hasn't all been trouble-free, we have faced huge challenges," he said. "It was never going to be plain sailing but I think the fact that we kept the institutions intact for eight years - they didn't collapse on one occasion - was a tremendous indication of our commitment to ensuring that the institutions, that are so embedded in the peace process, continue to work for people so that we can build a better future for all of them," he added. Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said his government had presented Mr Robinson with nine volumes of Irish biography and football tickets to a Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal match as a farewell gift. Mr Kenny said: "I want to pay public tribute to Peter Robinson as a political engine and driver over very many years, who has left his imprint on Northern Ireland politics and on the politics of this country and on the political landscape. I wish Peter the very best in his retirement, said the Irish Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan, who mentioned his personal experience of the DUP leader's "great contribution" to Northern Ireland politics at the recent Stormont talks. "There were occasions that gridlock and deadlock was avoided because of the intervention and leadership of Peter Robinson," Mr Flanagan said. During Friday's meeting, the two administrations reviewed the political progress made at the Stormont talks that resulted in a new agreement between both governments, the DUP and Sinn Féin. Mr Robinson said: "The Fresh Start [Agreement] has got off to a good start. " Mr Flanagan also repeated his government's commitment to the A5 road project between Londonderry and Dublin.
Fixed in place on top of a spherical treadmill, a fruit fly walked on the spot while neuroscientists peered into its brain using a microscope. Watching the neurons fire inside a donut-shaped brain region, they saw activity sweep around the ring to match the direction the animal was headed. Mammals have similar "head direction cells" but this is a first for flies. The findings are reported in the journal Nature. Crucially, the compass-like activity took place not only when the animal was negotiating a virtual-reality environment, in which screens gave the illusion of movement, but also when it was left in the dark. "The fly is using a sense of its own motion to pick up which direction it's pointed," said senior author Dr Vivek Jayaraman, from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Janelia Research Campus. In some other insects, such as monarch butterflies and locusts, brain cells have been observed firing in a way that reflects the animal's orientation to the pattern of polarised light in the sky - a "sun compass". But the newly discovered compass in the fly brain works more like the "head directions cells" seen in mammals, which rapidly set up a directional system for the animal based on landmarks in the surrounding scene. "A key thing was incorporating the fly's own movement," Dr Jayaraman told the BBC. "To see that its own motion was relevant to the functioning of this compass - that was something we could only see if we did it in a behaving animal. " Hence, Dr Jayaraman and his colleague Johannes Seelig built an intricate set-up where the fly, already manipulated so that its brain cells would glow when they fired, walked on top of a freely rotating ball. They glued the fly to a metal rod, to hold it stationary, and focussed a powerful laser microscope on its brain. For the virtual reality experiments, they surrounded the fly with screens displaying simple patterns of lines, whose movement was controlled by that of the ball. It was time-consuming and fiddly work, for which Jayaraman praised the dexterity of his postdoctoral researcher Dr Seelig. "We call him 'the fly whisperer' in the lab. With a magic set of hands, he is able to perform incredibly precise dissections that allow the fly to remain comfortable and behave naturally in its environment. Unlike mammals, where direction-sensitive cells are scattered throughout the brain, the fly compass is concentrated in a specific region known as the "ellipsoid body," which is also circular. This meant that the researchers could zoom in on this region and watch the compass in action. Dr Jayaraman said that a compass in the brain that truly resembles a compass is very rare. He mentioned that it was Dr Seelig who initially observed the sweeping pattern of activity as the "needle" of the compass rotated to align with the fly's own turning. "He's an understated, Swiss guy. He came into my office and plonked this video down and he said, I think maybe there's something here. "I looked at it and I wanted to jump up and hug him. " The researchers argue that the compass is surprisingly complex, considering the size of the brain making the calculations. As such, Dr Jayaraman said, "the fly may have a lot to tell us" about how bigger brains, including ours, accomplish similar tasks. Prof Kate Jeffery studies head direction cells in mammals, in her own lab at University College London. She told BBC News this was a striking set of results. "The novelty is that they're seeing a signal that isn't a simple transformation of what the sensory receptors see," Prof Jeffery said. "These neurons are not purely visual. They're integrating information and they're abstracting something at a higher level. " To build up its representation of direction, she explained, this system must distil information from across different senses. "It's a bit more like cognition - in a fly - which is kind of cool. " Follow Jonathan on Twitter.
Under the deals, Wood Group PSN (WGPSN) will deliver technical services and expertise to an unnamed international oil company. They include detailed engineering, project management and commissioning support for a "significant onshore asset" in southern Iraq. Wood said the two three-year contracts would lead to more than 100 jobs. The contracts will be delivered from southern Iraq and Dubai, where WGPSN established an office in 2015. The Iraq deals are the latest in a series of recent major contract wins by Wood Group. Last week, WGPSN said 500 jobs had been secured after it won a contract extension for Shell's North Sea assets. It won a new $500m (£342.5m) contract last month to provide services for BP-operated offshore projects in Azerbaijan. Commenting on the latest contract wins, David Buchan from WGPSN said: "These two significant contract wins demonstrate Wood Group's commitment to working closely with key clients to extend our operations in Iraq, where we see a growth market that complements our broad service capabilities, international knowledge and strong expertise. " In a separate development, Aberdeen-based subsea specialist Bibby Offshore announced that it had secured a multi-million pound contract in the southern North Sea. Under the deal, it will provide construction services for assets owned by an unnamed "global energy player". Bibby's construction support ship Olympic Ares and diving support vessel Bibby Polaris will perform subsea engineering work 150km (93 miles) off the coast of Lincolnshire. The work is due to be carried out towards the end of this year. Bibby Offshore chief executive Howard Woodcock said: "This is a significant win for Bibby Offshore - not only is it a strong representation of our technical engineering capabilities, but it further underlines our commitment to the North Sea market. ".
The storm has entered the state's most populous region after pummelling the north-east coast for two days. Although no longer a cyclone, the storm is expected to lash the state capital Brisbane with 200mm of rain on Thursday - more than its monthly average. Queensland Deputy Premier Jackie Trad urged businesses to shut and said most public servants would be sent home. Every school in an almost 600km (370 miles) area stretching from Agnes Water to Coolangatta would be closed, she said. Queensland Police Commissioner Ian Stewart said the "unprecedented late call" was made after some children were already at school. "We can't afford to have inexperienced young kids walking home from school at a time where there could be flash-flooding," he said. The closures hit at least 1,049 schools and 937 childcare centres, according to a government website. Conditions were expected to be "pretty horrendous" on Thursday, said Queensland Fire and Emergency Services Commissioner Katarina Carroll. Authorities warned that flooding could also force the suspension of public transport. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said nature was "flinging her worst" at Australians. "It is going to take some time to recover, and that's why we are here to show our support and commitment," he said from Bowen, a damaged town in northern Queensland. Australia's Bureau of Meteorology said parts of south-east Queensland could see up to 400mm of rain on Thursday. Senior forecaster Matthew Bass said that what we are anticipating is the heavy falls in a short duration of time. Cyclone Debbie made landfall in north-east Queensland as a category four system on Tuesday. Authorities said 61,000 homes remained without power, and there was major damage to buildings, sugar cane and tomato crops. The cyclone is also likely to have damaged the Great Barrier Reef, marine experts warned. More than 50 people were being rescued from cars trapped in floodwaters on Thursday, authorities said.
New business levels also "stagnated" during October and volumes of incomplete work dropped. The Bank of Scotland PMI survey showed companies added to their payrolls for the third successive month. That was despite firms facing the sharpest increase in input costs since September 2011. A further rise in output charges was reported, although the rate of inflation was weaker than that for input costs. Growth in Scotland's private sector was revealed for a second consecutive month according to seasonally-adjusted figures. Both manufacturers and service providers reported "marginal growth" in business activity levels, with the increase in output being evenly spread across the two. The PMI panel members said companies' cost prices increased at the sharpest rate for more than five years as a consequence of a drop in the strength of the pound. Nick Laird, the regional managing director of Bank of Scotland Commercial Banking, said: "Output for Scottish private sector companies continued to show growth in October, albeit at a reduced rate weighed down by a combination of higher input prices and stagnating new business. "The increasing cost burden is a cause for concern, with the rise in input costs growing at the quickest rate in just over five years attributed to the depreciation of Sterling. "Encouragingly, workforce numbers rose for a third consecutive month. Yet with a further solid decline in backlogs of work recorded, we could see jobs growth come under pressure towards the end of the year. ".
Stephen Hough, aged 58, is currently facing trial at Mold Crown Court for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Janet Commins in Flint. Dr Brian Rodgers, a consultant forensic pathologist, believed that Janet died as a result of "the effects of restraint." The late Dr Reuben Woodcock, who performed the post mortem examination in 1976, determined that she suffocated, likely during a sexual assault. He said internal pinpoint haemorrhages were due to asphyxia and a lack of severe injuries to her body suggested she had not struggled violently. Consultant forensic Home Office pathologist Dr Rodgers agreed with Dr Woodcock's conclusion that Janet's body had probably been dragged to the location where it was found. But he said he could not agree that internal petechial haemorrhages - tiny spots of blood - meant she was definitely asphyxiated. He said these were also found when people were suffocated and if a person had been strangled, he would have expected to see similar haemorrhages on their face. "I don't know whether they were there and not noticed or whether they were not there," he said. Asked his opinion on the cause of death, he replied: "I think it's a combination of things. I think this girl has essentially died of the effects of restraint. If you are in a face-down position in situations of high physical stress. it compromises your breathing. " Cross-examined by Patrick Harrington QC for the defence, Dr Rodgers agreed the evidence suggested Janet probably died quickly. Mr Hough also denies sexual assault and manslaughter and the trial continues.
Roman Seleznev, 32, was found guilty by a federal jury in Seattle on 38 of 40 counts, including intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud. Claiming to be a "master hacker," prosecutors said he was behind a plan that resulted in $170m (£131m) of fraudulent purchases. His lawyer, vowing to appeal, argued that he had been kidnapped by US agents. Seleznev (his name is also spelt Seleznyov in English) faces a mandatory minimum sentence of four years in jail, lawyer John Henry Browne said. A sentence is expected on 2 December. The Russian also faces similar charges in federal courts in Nevada and Georgia. Prosecutors say Seleznev hacked into retail systems and installed malware to steal credit card numbers from businesses, mostly pizza restaurants in the state of Washington. He then sold the information online, they say. The scheme is said to have been carried out between 2008 and 2014. In July 2014, Roman, the son of Valery Seleznev, a Russian member of parliament for the Liberal Democratic Party, and his girlfriend were arrested by US Secret Service agents at a Maldives airport. Lawyers argued that his arrest was a "kidnapping" or an "illegal rendition" that violated international law but a US district judge blocked that argument from the trial. Planning to challenge his client's arrest and a ruling that allowed prosecutors to introduce evidence from a corrupted laptop seized with him, Mr Browne said the computer contained more than 1.7m stolen numbers, along with evidence linking him to various servers, prosecutors said.
A video on news website Aristegui Noticias alleges that almost 29% of his 1991 law thesis had been lifted from other authors without crediting them. A government spokesman said the president had committed "style errors" when he failed to acknowledge his sources but denied plagiarism. Mr Pena Nieto graduated from Mexico's private Universidad Panamericana. According to the report, 197 of 682 paragraphs in Mr Pena Nieto's thesis were copied from authors ranging from Mexican historian Enrique Krauze to University of New Mexico academic Linda Hall. The journalists from Aristegui Noticias allege that the paragraphs in question are not in quotation marks and that some of their original authors are not even mentioned in the thesis' bibliography. Government spokesman Eduardo Sanchez expressed his surprise at the fact that "style errors such as quotes without quotation marks and missing references to authors. Two and a half decades later, it should be of interest to journalists. He said that Mr Pena Nieto had "fulfilled the requisites set by the Universidad Panamericana to graduate as a lawyer". The investigative team at Aristegui Noticias has clashed with President Pena Nieto before. In November 2014, they uncovered evidence that Mr Pena Nieto's wife had bought a house for $7m (Â£. 3. 4m) from a government contractor. Two months ago, Mr Pena Nieto apologised for the purchase saying it had damaged people's faith in the presidency. Mr Pena Nieto's standing has plummeted since he took office in 2012 but last week he said he was not interested in winning medals for popularity.
Yn ôl yr Ysgrifennydd Iechyd, Vaughan Gething, daw'r penderfyniad wedi misoedd o drafod gydag arbenigwyr, y Gwasanaeth Iechyd a'r ddwy ysgol feddygol sydd eisoes yn bodoli yng Nghymru. Dywedodd Mr Gething ei fod yn awyddus i weld cydweithio agosach rhwng prifysgolion Caerdydd, Abertawe a Bangor yn y maes, er mwyn rhoi cyfle i fyfyrwyr dreulio mwy o amser yn y gogledd yn rhan o'u hastudiaethau. Mae AC Plaid Cymru dros Arfon wedi galw'r penderfyniad yn "frad ar bobl Bangor, Arfon a'r gogledd i gyd". Ym mis Mai dywedodd yr Athro Dean Williams bod Prifysgol Bangor yn barod i sefydlu ysgol feddygaeth newydd i'r gogledd. Dywedodd bod angen gwneud hynny er mwyn delio gyda diffyg meddygon yn y dyfodol. Cafodd ei adroddiad ei gomisiynu gan AC Plaid Cymru, Sian Gwenllian, oedd wedi dweud bod Cymru'n wynebu "argyfwng" meddygol. Dywedodd Mr Gething ei fod wedi trafod y mater dros gyfnod o fisoedd: "Er nad ydw i wedi fy mherswadio bod angen ysgol feddygol newydd, dwi yn credu bod achos am gynnal mwy o addysg feddygol yng ngogledd Cymru. "Gall cynllun o addysg ac hyfforddi yng ngogledd Cymru drwy gydweithio agosach rhwng prifysgolion Caerdydd, Abertawe a Bangor sicrhau'r cynnydd mewn cyfleoedd am addysg feddygol yng ngogledd Cymru. Dywedodd Sian Gwenllian, wrth ymateb: "Mae'r angen am ysgol feddygol ym Mangor yn glir, ac mae Llywodraeth Cymru ei hun wedi cydnabod hyn." Ceisiodd Llywodraeth Cymru gladdu'r ergyd hon i fyfyrwyr meddygol a chleifion yn y gogledd ar ddiwrnod olaf busnes y llywodraeth. "Brad ar bobl Bangor, Arfon a'r gogledd i gyd yw hyn. ".
In plans out this week, the government will agree in principle to a cap on what people pay towards their own care. Labour says this is meaningless without funding details and a timetable. It also said the government had abandoned cross-party talks on the issue, which was denied by Mr Lansley. Last July, a review chaired by economist Andrew Dilnot put forward a raft of ideas for changes to adult social care funding in England. The most notable of these was a £35,000 cap on what people should pay towards home visits or care home costs before they get help from the state. BBC political correspondent Robin Brant says the government will sign up to the funding cap principle when it publishes its White Paper on Wednesday, but ministers will not make any pledges on specific figures because there is no agreement yet on how to pay for it. With the UK economy showing little sign of recovery and the coalition still not halfway through its deficit reduction plan, the chancellor wants to delay a decision until at least autumn next year in the government-wide spending review, our correspondent adds. On BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Lansley said: "You can't be confident about the implementation of a cap on the costs that people have to pay, unless you are also clear about how you meet the costs. " But Mr Lansley said he hoped shadow health secretary Andy Burnham would meet him before he delivered a progress report on the issue in the House of Commons next week. Labour claims there have not been any substantial talks on the issue since February and wants publication of next week's proposals postponed. Insisting that discussions have been ongoing, the government highlights correspondence between the two sides in recent months. Mr Burnham stated that the decision to pursue this separate route and produce their own report indicates a choice to delay the reform of social care funding. " He went on: "A cap is meaningless if there is no plan to deliver it. How is it going to be paid for? What is the timetable to put it in place? "You can only get progress by suspending politics as usual. If the government wants to re-open a meaningful two-way process then I will immediately go back into that. " Simon Gillespie, chairman of the Care & Support Alliance, said it had been pressing for a long time for a "long-term funding solution, and one of the mechanisms to achieve that was to try to get all three of the main parties together because this is a long-term issue affecting many millions of people across England". "If it's genuinely the case that those talks have stalled that will be very, very disappointing," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. Currently in England, council-funded home help and care home places for the elderly and adults with disabilities are offered only to those with under £23,250 of assets. The Dilnot report said the assets threshold should rise to £100,000 and a £35,000 lifetime cap on costs would be "fair". Just over £14bn a year is spent by councils on social care and changes would cost an extra £1. 7bn a year if they were implemented now. This figure could rise by 50% as the "baby boom" generation begins to retire. By Norman SmithChief political correspondent, BBC News Channel Follow Norman on Twitter Campaign groups have said they fear the plans will be shelved because of the cost. The Care & Support Alliance says one in two people needs care in their lifetime costing more than £20,000, while one in 10 requires care costing upwards of £100,000. "We need to make sure that we have got arrangements in place so that that risk can be shared," Mr Gillespie said. "People understand that it's got to be a shared contribution between the overall taxpayer but also individuals as well. " Michelle Mitchell, charity director general of Age UK, said acceptance in principle of Dilnot recommendations would be "a step forward and welcome, but with care in crisis now it is not nearly enough". "The government must set out the process by which it will make the all-important decisions about funding social care, including timescales and milestones. That is the very least older people and their families will be looking for next week. " The coalition government had asked Mr Dilnot to look into how the system could be changed amid concerns it was getting harder for people to get access to state support. The ageing population and squeeze on council budgets have led councils to impose stricter criteria on who can get help. It means while 1. 8 million are getting state funding, another one million-plus either have to pay for support themselves or go without. Multiple sclerosis sufferer David Allen told the BBC that he was forced to cancel his own care after the charges were raised by his council from £2. 80 to £60 a week. "At the time it was making me so ill, I had to make the very difficult decision, 'Enough's enough. Stop. You're dragging me into debt. I'm not prepared to allow to be swallowed up in a hole that I can't get out of. "He said that it feels like he is being punished for having multiple sclerosis. " " The shadow health secretary said: "As councils cut budgets, we've got services being withdrawn from vulnerable people, people paying ever-increasing charges for care - so this really can't go on. "It is as bad as the American healthcare system, because the most vulnerable in our society are paying the biggest cost towards their own care. Some people are paying with their own home. " Scotland offers free care to all, although fears have been raised that that policy is becoming unsustainable. Wales and Northern Ireland are waiting to see what happens in England following the Dilnot conclusions.
The BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say asked its audience what they would put in their own letters to the president on this issue. Here's what they told us: Restrictions on gun ownership in the US are divisive and highly contentious, and many people believe Obama's new measures are unconstitutional. Barack Obama says his new measures are "entirely consistent" with second amendment, which supports the right to bear arms. But not everybody is convinced: "President Obama, if you want to control guns in America put forward your amendment to repeal or modify the second amendment to the constitution," says Zardoz Cys,  "otherwise keep quiet. " John Sweeney Jr is also unconvinced that Obama's new regulations are compatible with the second amendment. "The Second Amendment of the United States Constitution reads 'A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed'," says Sweeney, "so, Mr President, that means anything you do. will infringe on the people's rights and thus violates the constitution. " In her message addressed for Barack Obama, posted on the World Have Your Say Facebook page, Lanie Bergman from Brooklyn, New York, argues "gun ownership should be limited to persons under the supervision of an organization designated to ensuring the security of a free State". Drawing a comparison with car ownership she says "gun licenses should require practical evidence of proficiency and a written test about the gun laws of the state in which they reside". Fellow New Yorker Joel Chesky Salomon wants the president to "re-read the Second Amendment, particularly the absolute prohibition on government from infringing on owning or carrying a gun". He goes on to propose alternatives to Obama's new laws. "Encourage the teaching of gun safety in schools. Have the Justice Department crack down on States who are unconstitutionally restricting firearms ownership from law-abiding citizens," he suggests, and "ask Congress to repeal Federal laws which create 'gun-free' zones". President Obama says his new measures are backed by the majority of gun-owners in America, and some messages support his effort to control gun ownership. Jennifer Speller in the German city of Frankfurt says it is time for a clampdown. "Guns clearly should require a lot of training to be able to own one and use it properly," she says. "You should have a licence to prove you are in a position to control the weapon safely. This is the case in Germany and something I believe the US would do well to follow if they want to encourage safe gun use. Proper background checks need to be in place so that certain people never get their hands on a gun. " Mary Cooper in Queensland, Australia, urges Obama to "stand strong on the issue". "Although you have a lot of ignorant people against you, you are doing the right thing," she says. "I suggest a buy-back on automatic and semi-automatic weapons, ensure all gun owners have their precious weapons in a lockable cabinet, better background checks, and make gun licences compulsory to ensure guns cannot just be bought in haste. " And writing to the president from New Jersey, Randy Bishop says he is "tired of seeing gun violence" in America. "It breaks my heart," he says. "I'm also tired of seeing people hold tight to their guns because of the constitution or just because they're enthusiastic about them. I say, do everything you can to keep them off the streets. Keep our children safe, Keep your fellow Americans safe. "Growing up seeing shooting deaths on the news every single day is not something that should be normal and it is normal. Keep America safe as best as you can. We don't need the guns here, they're killing us. " Under Obama's new measures, the FBI will increase its staff to handle more background checks. But opinion is divided over which gun users pose the greater threat - criminals, the police, or the government. Jaysin Clifton from Virginia questions why the president "will let the cops have military grade weapons to shoot kids over marijuana". "Seems to me the citizens have a right to bear arms and not the cops," he says. "In the US we are all supposed to be equal. Why doesn't Obama executive order a minimum wage increase, or champion unions if he really cares about citizens?" Clifton's concerns are echoed by Wendy Sherwood King in North Carolina. "Take guns away from police!" she writes. "Take army equipment away from police. Make lobbying illegal. Take big business out of government. Adrian Moore from Britain thinks that Barack Obama is wasting his time. "There are already too many guns in your country." The reality is that only law-abiding citizens would comply with any gun laws," he says. "Criminals and gang members will carry on regardless. Better education and lifting people out of crime and poverty is your answer with respect and common sense for all. " Michael Windwalker from Washington state agrees. "Mr President, I do find it more than a tad ironic that you run around with armed guards that have firearms while trying to restrict firearms for your constituents," he writes. "Criminals do not follow laws. Lets face it - the shootings where the legal firearm owner is the shooter makes up less than 10%. The vast majority of those homicides come from stolen weapons. " President Obama is also asking Congress to spend $500m (Â£339m) to improve access to mental healthcare. It is one area where Republicans and Democrats may agree, and it is an issue raised by Mona Buck, a nurse from Virgina. "The problem isn't the guns, it's that our country decided to stop helping the mentally ill in the 1980s," she writes. "State hospitals were closed with no alternatives in place for people who are truly ill and need residential care. If there was a functioning mental health system, instead of a underfunded, overworked system, there would be fewer 'domestic tragedies' - and fewer Columbines and Auroras and Sandy Hooks. "If a $5 (Â£3. 40) tax was put on every box of ammo, every weapon, and the money used to fund mental health hospitals, it could make a real difference. " Among the arguments over the constitutional right to bear arms, who should and should not be allowed to own a firearm, and whether money and effort would be better spent improving job prospects and healthcare, there are gun owners who simply do not want to be parted from their weapons. Barry Congrove from Cincinnatti pleads "Dear Mr President, my guns have never hurt anyone. Some of them have been handed down over three generations. I intend to hand some down to my children. Please don't infringe on my rights. ".
Mr Trump has described himself as a "commonsense conservative" and he has millions of Republican votes to back his policies. Here are five key issues upon which Mr Trump diverges from Republican orthodoxy. Mainstream Republicans: Traditionally Republicans have favoured increased immigration, in keeping with the party's close relationship with the business community. Both President Ronald Reagan and President George HW Bush extended amnesty to millions of undocumented workers while in office. Mainstream Republican figures such as Florida Senator Marco Rubio initially favoured similar immigration reforms that would have provided a "path to citizenship", but those efforts stopped after meeting resistance from more conservative members of Congress. Trump: Views on immigration have shifted rightward across the Republican Party in recent years, but Mr Trump's views are some of the most extreme in American politics. He has: Most Republicans oppose mass deportations. While they support increased border security, they do not advocate a border wall paid for by the Mexican government. Mainstream Republicans: Almost all Republicans oppose abortion. In recent years, Republican-controlled state legislatures have supported a wave of regulations that have limited access to abortions - new laws that have been met with legal challenges. The Supreme Court will likely decide the fate of these regulations, making the vacancy on the high court a critical issue for social conservatives. Social conservatives have also aggressively targeted Planned Parenthood. One of the leading abortion providers in the US is the group, which also provides cancer screenings, contraception, and screening and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases as a health care organization. It receives federal reimbursements for those services through the Medicaid program. It also receives family planning health care grants, though regulations prohibit federal funds for abortions. Conservatives have sought to cut off its federal funding to weaken the organisation. Trump: While Mr Trump's stance is comparable to many Republicans, his consistency is the issue. In the course of a week in early 2016, Mr Trump changed his position on abortion at least five times, alarming many social conservatives. This flexibility led to fears among many social conservatives that Mr Trump could not be trusted to appoint a Supreme Court justice who would oppose abortion rights. In the end, he nominated Neil Gorsuch, whose stance on abortion is far from clear. He has also publically praised the work of Planned Parenthood, saying their non-abortion services should receive federal funding. The organisation has done "very good work for millions of women," Mr Trump said. Mainstream Republicans: Republicans have long supported trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), which increased trade between Canada, the US and Mexico. Many Republicans in the Congress supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a trade agreement negotiated between the US and many Pacific Rim countries. Supporters of these agreements say the pacts increase economic growth and enhance American competitiveness in the global market. Trump: Early in his presidency, Mr Trump signed an executive order putting the final nail in the TPP's coffin. He has aggressively criticised international trade agreements, particularly Nafta, saying the pacts have harmed the US manufacturing sector and cost millions of US jobs. He has pointed to the country's massive trade deficit with China, saying tariffs are needed to address the imbalance. Most Republicans oppose tariffs, saying they would spark a trade war that would damage the economy. Are Trump and Sanders right about trade? Mainstream Republicans: Republicans have long supported a muscular foreign policy and have not shied away from supporting the use of military force aboard. While generally opposed to government spending, Republicans make a key exception for defence spending, allowing the US military to maintain scores of bases overseas and protect the interests of its allies in Europe and the Pacific. Trump: Mr Trump has been a vocal critic of the Iraq War and says the US need not be the world's policeman. While Mr Trump has supported strengthening the military, he says he would do so by extracting concessions from allies. He has repeatedly said the US should rethink its commitments to Nato, saying other member countries do not pay their fair share of the organisation's budget. He has also floated an idea that South Korea and Japan could arm themselves with nuclear weapons - eliminating the need for US protection. Trump's foreign policy assessed by experts Mainstream Republicans: A key faction of the Republican Party is made of fiscal conservatives who view the federal deficit as a major long-term problem for the country. After defence spending, two social services programmes that benefit the elderly - Social Security and Medicare - are the next biggest contributors to the deficit. Social Security provides living expenses for workers older than 65 and Medicare provides health care benefits to older Americans. Republicans - in particularly House Speaker Paul Ryan - have long supported changes to Social Security and Medicare that would turn those programmes over to the private market. Mr Ryan currently supports turning Medicare into a programme in which the government provides vouchers that would be used to purchase private insurance. Trump: Efforts to make changes to Social Security and Medicare are deeply unpopular with American voters. Mr Trump has said he would not make cuts or changes to those programmes and instead he would bolster their funding sources by strengthening the US economy and reallocating some foreign aid to the coffers of Social Security and Medicare. However, one of his top advisors indicated to the New York Times that Trump would support "block grants" to states in lieu of Medicaid, an insurance programme for low-income Americans. And his pick for Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, supports privatising Medicare. Reporting by Tim Swift.
Earlier, Leader of the Council John Clancy confirmed the change at the top of what is among the largest local authorities in Europe. Mr Clancy stated that during what has been the most difficult and challenging times, Mr Rogers's tenure took place. Mr Rogers joined the authority in 2014. He said of his departure: "Birmingham City Council has been on a challenging journey of improvement and reform over the past three years and I am hugely proud of the team I have worked with to deliver much needed changes in culture, practice and performance. "I leave the council in a much stronger position than when I joined it and, with the proposed budget and transformation plans set out for the next two years, now is a good time to pass on the baton. " In November 2016, a report said "flawed" planning and "unrealistic" proposals had left the authority facing a budget overspend of Â£49m. The assessment came in an update to the government from the Independent Improvement Panel, set up in 2015 to help the council. Also in November 2016, just over a fortnight later, a separate Ofsted report said the authority was still failing to do enough to protect vulnerable children, with its children's services deemed "inadequate"; a rating it had held since 2008. The council, which then was part-way through a three-year improvement plan, said at the time it welcomed the report, adding plans to spin-off the children's services department as a voluntary trust were continuing. Mr Clancy said: "I'd like to thank Mark for his hard work and commitment over the past three years during what has been the most difficult and challenging of times for Birmingham City Council. All the very best for the future is what I wish Mark.
When was the last time you bought a magazine? The answer is likely to depend on whether you prefer reading about Theresa May or Taylor Swift. Magazine sales have generally been falling since the day the inventor of the internet said: "Hey, why don't I invent the internet?" But the latest ABC figures, released this week, show that sales of certain titles are actually going up. Sarah Penny, editor of Fashion Monitor, attributes the trend to the news agenda, saying that news and current affairs magazines are gaining popularity while celebrity, gossip, and fashion publications continue to struggle. "I think that we can all agree that the past 18 months have been pretty tumultuous within current affairs," she says. "With the likes of Brexit and Trump's election, the unsettled nature of society drives readers to seek out factual news and understand the effects on the economy for themselves from reputable titles that have an authoritative voice. " The titles that seem to be benefiting from this Trump bump include The Economist and The Spectator. Both sold more per issue between January and June this year than they did in the same period in 2016. Also losing sales: Star (down 14. 3%) Vanity Fair (10%), Marie Claire (6%), OK! (3. 5%) and Vogue (3%). In the early noughties Heat magazine was an absolute bible for showbiz news junkies looking for their fix of Big Brother and Britney Spears. But these days it's more about Kylie and Kendall - and they tend to use Instagram rather than ink to connect with their fans. "Gossip and celebrity tittle-tattle is rarely something that requires detailed analysis - so it's best suited to bite-sized content that zips around on social media," says Ian Burrell, media columnist for the i paper and The Drum. "Once it's out there, it's quickly shared and readers move on to the next morsel. No-one wants to wait a week to read about it in a print magazine. " Penny adds: "With the competition from digital media, vlogs, blogs and podcasts, readers are finding that their thirst for the content covered in the celebrity weeklies can be satisfied elsewhere for free and with ease online. " The way some quality newspapers and magazines have been able to survive in recent years is by introducing paywalls on their online content. Fraser Nelson, editor of The Spectator, wrote this week: "A big change is taking place in the market. There's now too much writing online, and in an era of fake news, where you get your analysis from has never been more important. " "As newspapers and magazines are finding out, if you can publish writing that is consistently and significantly better than what can be found online, people will pay. " But many editors are struggling to strike the right balance between physical and digital content. They are faced with the choice of either posting all their articles online for free so the magazine stays relevant, or charging readers money to protect the financial future of the brand. Earlier this week - Vogue marked its 125th anniversary issue with a new interview and photo shoot with Jennifer Lawrence - one of the top film stars in the world. Sounds like a good read, right? But the whole interview was also posted online by the magazine, removing any incentive for a fan to buy a paper copy. "When you have major free news sites - such as Mail Online, The Sun and the Daily Mirror - pumping out celebrity and entertainment words, video and entire photo shoots around the clock, it's hard to see how a magazine is going to find it easy to charge readers for something that's likely to be offering stale news and limited pictures," Burrell says. "At best, a celeb mag will be bought as a treat for the reader, which makes it a dispensable purchase in comparison to the high-quality news analysis publication providing information that its readers regard as valuable and essential. " Both Private Eye and The Spectator are seeing their circulation levels reach record highs - albeit aided by the way subscribers of both formats are counted twice - a trend they probably didn't predict when they launched their websites. But as Burrell points out: "Many readers are hungry for a deeper understanding of the fast-moving changes in global news and politics rather than seeking to escape from it by burying their heads in celebrity gossip and entertainment stories. " Serious times call for serious journalism, and an extraordinarily frantic news agenda over the past year - with Brexit, Trump, a snap election, terror attacks and Grenfell Tower - has driven sales boosts for upmarket titles. This is because their intelligent take on events is a unique selling point. Whereas general-interest daily news has been turned into an almost universally available commodity by the internet, specialist journalism - from the unforgiving wit of Private Eye to the proud wonkery of Prospect - is still a service people value and think they can't get elsewhere. The internet is full of celebrity drivel, so print magazines who focus on the rich and famous will need to find something unique if they are to retain paying audiences. That something is what editors are paid to conjure up. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment. news@bbc. uk. co
Official data do not include emissions from making imported goods but both sets of researchers say they should. The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reports 26% of global emissions come from producing goods for trade. The Carbon Trust found such "embedded" CO2 could negate domestic carbon cuts planned in the UK up to 2025. Researchers want all nations to publish their data on embedded emissions. Lead authors of the PNAS report, Glen Peters of research group Cicero, told BBC News: "There is a degree of delusion about emissions cuts in developed nations. They are not really cuts at all if countries are simply buying in products they used to manufacture. Developing and publishing the full extent of their emissions is really needed from all countries, whether they are produced domestically or outsourced through traded goods. Cicero produced a trade-linked global database for CO2 emissions covering 113 countries and 57 economic sectors from 1990 to 2008. It found that emissions from producing exported goods increased from 4. 3Gt (gigatonnes) of CO2 in 1990 (20% of global emissions) to 7. 8Gt of CO2 in 2008 (26%). Most developed countries increased their consumption-based emissions faster than their territorial emissions - particularly from goods such cars and clothes. The Carbon Trust research confirms that the UK has increased emissions since 1990 rather than decreasing them, as politicians typically claim. What may alarm ministers even more is a projection that the radical CO2 cuts planned by government into the 2020s may be offset by ever-increasing levels of CO2 in imports. Dr Peters said: "Publishing this sort of data is the first step. The next step - what to do about it - is more difficult. "It raises questions about consumption patterns, and whether countries should consider border taxes on imports from countries with no controls on CO2 emissionsâ€¦ though this is controversial and will be some way down the line. " A UK think tank, the Public Interest Research Centre (Pirc), has been discovering how uncomfortable this issue is proving for rich nations. A succession of Freedom of Information requests reveals a degree of frustration among some British civil servants that the UK insists on basing its emissions calculations solely on domestic emissions. The government must be cautious about over-claiming on its achievements in decoupling economic growth from environmental degradation, as one piece of government correspondence reveals that while technological efficiency has improved the CO2 impacts of our products since 1992, the rise in UK consumption has outstripped the improvements achieved. " Ministers are well aware of the issue, but insist that the UK should stick to reporting domestic emissions, as these form the basis for international climate negotiations. They also point out that emissions data from major exporters like China is notoriously opaque, and that the methodology for calculating outsourced emissions is unreliable. They say all this creates even greater pressure for the UK to persuade China to cut its own emissions. Guy Shrubsole, from Pirc, told BBC News: "This is a cop-out. The figures aren't perfect but the problem has been recognised for several years and the calculations are getting better all the time. In the UK our emissions are up - not down. "Of course China needs to be part of a global climate agreement. But for a government which wants to be the greenest ever and is committed to data transparency it's essential that the British government publishes the best data available right away - and then figures out what to do about it. ".
Caroline Wootton-Thomas, 49, forged colleague's signatures on cheques and transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother's name. She used the council's Child Protection Unit petty cash fund for debts, expensive gifts and luxury holidays. A Cardiff Crown Court jury convicted Wootton-Thomas, of Newport, of theft and transferring criminal property. She had requested to oversee the petty cash fund intended for fuel and parking expenses, the court was informed. Following a bank statement being sent to the incorrect department, the grandmother was discovered. She denied any wrongdoing and blamed her colleagues for stealing the money, which the jury rejected. Matthew Roberts, prosecuting, said Wootton-Thomas had shown an "arrogance" which culminated in her mother also being charged with money laundering, though she was cleared at trial. In the most unscrupulous way, you manipulated your mother by taking out a loan in her name to pay off your debts, Judge Neil Bidder said. "I've observed fake tears and not a jot of remorse for casting suspicion against other members of your team. "I regard the fact this money was reserved for vulnerable children to be an aggravating factor. " A hearing in May will set out how she will be able to pay back the money.
The hosts took the lead when Aimen Belaid slammed home from close range. Danny Ward's shot deflected off Richard Wood before going in and Dan Burn then turned the ball into his own net. Yanic Wildschut pulled one back with a shot from the edge of the area before Jordi Gomez struck from 20 yards to make it 3-2, but the Millers held on. The visitors produced a stirring performance after the break but three first-half goals were enough to leave them with a fifth consecutive defeat. Belaid put the hosts in front early on, firing in from inside the box, and they were 2-0 up after 32 minutes when Ward's shot was diverted past Jussi Jaaskelainen by Wood. Tom Adeyemi then hit the bar with a 25-yard effort, before the Millers claimed a third when Ward's shot was saved by Jaaskelainen before bouncing into the net off Latics defender Burn. Wigan were a different side after the break but, despite Wildschut and Gomez reducing the deficit to a single goal, they were left empty handed after Will Grigg had a goal disallowed in added time for deliberate handball. Rotherham caretaker manager Paul Warne: "I was a nervous wreck. "When the first one went in I started to worry because momentum is a massive thing in sport. I thought, 'Here we go'. "I felt a bit helpless. They kept coming at us, but I am proud of the lads, they give everything, they put their bodies on the line. "I never expected it to be easy, no game is. Did I enjoy the second half? No. Am I happy with the win? Yes. " Wigan boss Warren Joyce: "To go 3-0 down you have got a mountain to climb, we have had a rally in the second half. "You can't give any team a goal start, never mind a three-goal start. The second half was a lot better. But you can't give a team that lead. "It's not like we have been carved apart in the first half, it was poor individual errors really. It was as simple as that. " Match ends, Rotherham United 3, Wigan Athletic 2. Second Half ends, Rotherham United 3, Wigan Athletic 2. Stephen Warnock (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Peter Odemwingie (Rotherham United). Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Max Power. Attempt blocked. Danny Ward (Rotherham United) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked. Attempt saved. Danny Ward (Rotherham United) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Anthony Forde. Michael Jacobs (Wigan Athletic) is shown the yellow card for hand ball. Hand ball by Michael Jacobs (Wigan Athletic). Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Peter Odemwingie. Attempt blocked. Max Power (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Richard Wood (Rotherham United) because of an injury. Yanic Wildschut (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Richard Wood (Rotherham United). Jake Buxton (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Danny Ward (Rotherham United). Attempt blocked. Jake Buxton (Wigan Athletic) header from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Assisted by Jordi Gómez with a cross. Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Anthony Forde. Max Power (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lee Frecklington (Rotherham United). Substitution, Rotherham United. Will Vaulks replaces Joe Newell. Offside, Wigan Athletic. Stephen Warnock tries a through ball, but William Grigg is caught offside. Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Richard Wood. Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Lee Frecklington. Substitution, Wigan Athletic. Nathan Byrne replaces Andy Kellett because of an injury. Goal!  Rotherham United 3, Wigan Athletic 2. Jordi Gómez (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Andy Kellett. Offside, Rotherham United. Joe Mattock tries a through ball, but Danny Ward is caught offside. Corner,  Rotherham United. Conceded by Dan Burn. Offside, Wigan Athletic. Jake Buxton tries a through ball, but William Grigg is caught offside. Foul by Yanic Wildschut (Wigan Athletic). Darnell Fisher (Rotherham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Yanic Wildschut (Wigan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Lee Frecklington (Rotherham United). Attempt saved. Joe Newell (Rotherham United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Danny Ward with a headed pass. Substitution, Rotherham United. Isaiah Brown is replaced by Peter Odemwingie. Attempt missed. Adam Le Fondre (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from long range on the right is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Andy Kellett. Corner,  Wigan Athletic. Conceded by Joe Mattock. Attempt missed. Adam Le Fondre (Wigan Athletic) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Stephen Warnock with a cross. Attempt blocked. Andy Kellett (Wigan Athletic) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Adam Le Fondre.
Staffordshire County Council has a 99-year-lease on the Shugborough Estate in Stafford until 2065. But now it wants the National Trust, which owns the Grade I-listed site, to take it back off its hands. The management of the estate is currently being explored by a spokesman for the National Trust. In talks with the National Trust, Mark Winnington, cabinet member for economy, environment, and transport at Staffordshire County Council, has mentioned the possibility of giving up their lease and transferring the management of the Shugborough Estate to them. The council previously announced that it anticipated spending £650,000 on the maintenance and operation of the Shugborough Estate this year. A spokesman said the council took the lease on at a time when the National Trust was not as large. He said there was no threat to the building and the council would continue to manage it if an agreement could not be reached. National Trust regional director Harry Bowell said: "At this stage the National Trust is working in partnership with Staffordshire County Council to carry out early-stage feasibility studies to explore options for the management of the Shugborough Estate. "It is important to stress that no decisions have been made at this stage. One of the manors of the bishops of Lichfield in the Middle Ages was Shugborough. Purchased in 1624 by William Anson, a lawyer, the site became his property. The current house dates back to 1694.
Hansen has made six changes as New Zealand play for the first time since beating Australia 34-17 in the World Cup final. Wales have not beaten the Kiwis in more than 62 years, a fact Hansen believes provides extra motivation. Hansen said that they are desperate to re-write some history, which makes them a really dangerous beast I think. The Welsh run of 26 consecutive defeats against New Zealand includes three when Hansen was Wales coach between 2002 and 2004. He added: "They see us as the team they want to beat and you know there's enough history been written about how long it's been - and it's going to happen one day. "This is a really good Welsh side and it could happen this weekend if we don't turn up and play as well as we can. " Wales were outscored by five tries to one in a 27-13 defeat by England the last time they played, and coach Warren Gatland has made five changes from that match. But Hansen believes the result was a reflection of Wales' lack of match-fitness rather than the quality of their performance. He also thinks Wales are adapting their game to match the greater speed of matches in the southern hemisphere. Media playback is not supported on this device "The northern hemisphere are starting to realise they have to change their game and we saw that against England," said Hansen. "They hadn't played for some time ahead of that game and for the first 30-40 minutes against England they played really well. "They fell away a little bit due to lack of game time in the second half so they have changed their game a little bit. ".
Emily Eve Bridal Boutique in the city centre closed unexpectedly, leaving dozens of women without a dress or a refund for their wedding day. One bride said she'd spent over Â£1,000 on a deposit that she may not get back. The owners of the boutique cannot be contacted as the website has been deleted, according to the BBC. For more stories from Birmingham and the Black Country, click here. Lauren Davies revealed she had paid a deposit of £1,080 for her wedding dress for next year. She expressed having "no clue at all" about how she'll retrieve the money since she's unable to contact anyone at the company. "I had reservations about sending that amount of money," she said. "Luckily I only paid the deposit. " "They took my money in April but my dress was never even ordered. My dress has now been discontinued so I don't think I'll be able to get my dress now. On Saturday, Olivea Allegrini-Jones, who is getting married, said: "I bought a dress last April. It got to July and I still hadn't heard anything. " When she received no response from the boutique last month, she went to the shop on Smallbrook Queensway and demanded a refund which she was able to get before the shop was left empty. In a cached version of the website, the shop is listed as part of the Retail Bridalwear Association (RBA), and claims to be "a business that is financially sound, offering professional standards of care and service". RBA has been approached for comment.
At the age of 26, Finn was forced to leave England's tour of South Africa in January due to a side strain. He has now pulled out of the upcoming tournament in India citing a left calf problem. Plunkett, aged 30, was part of the England squad for the T20 segment of the South Africa tour, but did not make it into either match. England's initial World T20 match is scheduled against West Indies on 16 March.
Coward, 68, was given three months to live in September after she was diagnosed with an inoperable cancer. "I would prefer it to be over quickly," the actress told Radio Times, when speaking about her illness. "I don't know what they're going to do with the character [Caroline Sterling] but I hope they don't write her out. " She added: "I'd like them to find someone else to play her. In fact I know the very person; Michael Cochrane's wife Belinda Carroll would be perfect. Cochrane, the husband played by Coward on the long-running Radio 4 programme, has been portrayed by Coward as Caroline for almost 40 years but expressed that she has "no desire to be remembered. " The actress is philosophical about her illness. "I have a lovely array of friends, and a rescue lurcher called Sati, who I adore. I've been very lucky, and it doesn't worry me that my life is coming to an end. " On The Archers website, Coward spoke of her feelings about the character she first played in 1979: "I'm very fond of Caroline. In spite of her privileged upbringing, she hasn't had an easy life and has been much maligned. 'The bicycle of Ambridge' - really! The poor girl was only trying to find the right man; she just happened to search in some pretty peculiar places. " The character has spent the last few months living in Italy while Coward has been ill. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment. news@bbc. co. uk.
Stephen Pearson and Martyn Woolford gave the hosts a deserved half-time lead after a dominant first half. Joe Mason's header gave Cardiff hope, but a slick counter attack saw Woolford restore the two-goal advantage. Cardiff again replied through Heidar Helguson only for debutant Sam Baldock to finally put the result beyond doubt with three minutes remaining. Cardiff's defence was ripped open by Bristol City's final two goals, showcasing the difference between the two sides as they broke with pace and purpose. The lackluster visitors, who offered next to nothing in the first half of a match that began before the day's other Championship fixtures, felt the absence of Craig Bellamy's attacking prowess as the initial front three of Helguson, debutant Tommy Smith and Don Cowie struggled to make an impact. The introduction of Mason and a formation change at half-time completely turned around Cardiff's performance, leaving manager Malky Mackay with plenty to consider as he looks to shape a revamped team. But there were plenty of positives for Robins manager Derek McInnes as his side scored four goals for a successive Championship match to secure only a second win over Cardiff in the last 10 league meetings. Bristol City's pressure gradually grew as the first half wore on, with the pacey Albert Adomah exploiting the space vacated by Cardiff's advancing full-backs. Adomah wasted the first clear chance when he shot wide and then Ryan Taylor's header found the side netting. But the opener was a complete gift as Aron Gunnarsson's misplaced pass deep in his own half exposed the Cardiff defence. Adomah penetrated before his cut-back found Pearson, who arced the ball into the bottom-left corner from the just inside the penalty area. The outstanding Jonathan Stead was the next architect as more sloppy Cardiff play led to the home side's second on the stroke of half-time. The rangy striker used his frame to protect the ball and the on-rushing Woolford passed the ball past Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall. Mackay responded to his side's lacklustre show by replacing Gunnarsson with Mason, and the change bore immediate dividends as the substitute found space in a crowded six-yard box to head home after Peter Whittingham's corner. The Bluebirds, back in their more familiar blue shirts, immediately found more purpose and energy, with Mason's direct running finally testing the home defenders. Whittingham, whose long-range efforts were all Cardiff managed in the first half, went close with another shot after Smith had broken through. But the Robins responded to the warning signs with a textbook counter attack to score their third. The Cardiff defence, which included debutant Matthew Connolly in Ben Turner's absence with injury, was ripped apart down the middle and Woolford had a simple task to score after Baldock's shot rebounded off the post. Helguson, scoring his first league goal since joining Cardiff from Queens Park Rangers, ensured a tense final minutes when he slotted through Tom Heaton's legs. But the home nerves were calmed five minutes later when Baldock, a 64th-minute substitute, ensured a scoring debut when he beat Marshall after being played through the heart of the static Cardiff defence. Bristol City manager Derek McInnes: "We are getting goals from the middle of the park, which we didn't do last season and now have some great options up front. "With Sam [Baldock] and Steve [Davies] on board, we have a lot of different strikers, who pose threats in various ways. All the clubs I have been at, who were successful, had good strength in depth when it came to strikers. "It is very early days, but after last season I'm delighted to be challenging at the right end of the table even at this stage of the campaign. " Cardiff City manager Malky Mackay: "Without taking anything away from Bristol's performance, we conceded some bad goals. "We gave the ball away in poor areas, which is not like us. We started the season defensively strong, but today we didn't keep to that standard. "If you gift possession to good teams they are going to punish you. Looking at the DVD, we will identify areas where we could have significantly improved.
The temple was established in the early 18th Century for Chinese settlers who came to work in what was once one of East Asia's busiest ports. But the Chinese were not Malacca's only overseas inhabitants. Immigrants also came from South Asia, and on the same street as the Chinese temple there is another place of worship: for Hindus. Between these two temples stands a mosque, built for the city's Malay population, who are mostly Muslim. These three different places of worship - on a thoroughfare known as Harmony Street - reflect Malaysia's ethnic mix, and the good relations that has mostly existed between them. But many believe that peace is in danger of coming apart. Several ethnically charged protests and riots have revealed tension between the Malay, Chinese and Indian communities. A campaign to bring Malaysians together, launched by Prime Minister Najib Razak when he first came into office, has petered out. And some believe politicians are stoking ethnic tension. All is peaceful inside the courtyard of the elegant, whitewashed Kampung Kling Mosque in Harmony Street, although little of this is on show in Malacca. Water spurts gently from a fountain built next to a tiny graveyard and a mango tree. Inside the prayer room, ceiling fans whirl, offering the faithful a little relief from the heat of the day. This part of Malacca was typically peaceful, according to one of the imams at the mosque. "Everyone practices their own religion along this street," he mentioned. "Even though the majority of people in Malacca are Muslims, there are still Chinese and Indian temples, and there are no disturbances between each other. " The imam is Malay, an ethnic group that makes up about 60% of the population in Malaysia, and one that has a number of advantages. Following deadly race riots in 1969, during which nearly 200 died, the government gave Malays privileges in sectors such as education, business and the civil service. They were intended to counter the dominance of the other two main ethnic groups, particularly the Chinese, who account for a quarter of the population. About 7% of Malaysians have a South Asian heritage. These affirmative action policies were supposed to be temporary, but many remain in place today. Publicly listed companies, for example, must still ensure that 30% of their shares are owned by Malays. When Mr Najib, a Malay who leads a party for Malays, came to power in 2009 he promised to end these policies, but that has not happened. He also launched a campaign called 1Malaysia, to encourage people to identify themselves as Malaysians rather than from the ethnic group they come from. Dr Oh Ei Sun, once the prime minister's political secretary, said that campaign soon hit problems. "Mr Najib immediately ran into resistance, not least from his own party members who wanted to preserve the economic and political status quo," he said. Some ordinary Malays also appear worried that the system they benefit from might change. Last September, the police had to stop a group of angry Malays marching through the centre of Kuala Lumpur's Chinatown, in a show of force that appeared to be about reasserting their rights. Politically, it is also now more difficult for the prime minister to end affirmative action. His United Malays National Organisation won the 2013 general election, but saw its support dwindle. Some analysts believe Mr Najib has let the 1Malaysia campaign drift because he has to appeal to his core supporters to win future elections. "The carrot that the prime minister has to entice the poor Malay electorate, who see themselves are deeply marginalised, is affirmative action," said Terence Gomez, of the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur. But perhaps Malaysians are coming together anyway. Mr Gomez made it clear that he does not like labelling people according to race. He believes many others share this opinion. "We've reached a point in Malaysia where people don't like to be asked whether they are Malay, Chinese or Indian," he said. And Mr Gomez thinks the country's leaders, including the prime minister, care less about race than they make out. He pointed out that many of Mr Najib's trusted advisers are from different ethnic groups. "I don't think they look at each other and say he's Malay, Chinese or Indian. They are looking to how they can serve each other's interests," he explained. On the university campus many students seemed to share the academic's viewpoint. "I feel that in Malaysia unity is very important," one woman said. "Although we are from different educational backgrounds, cultures and traditions, it's better to identify ourselves as Malaysian. " In some ways, Malaysia's different ethnic groups exist in different worlds. Many live apart. Most go to schools that match their ethnicity. Harmony Street displays their harmonious cohabitation. If ethnic tensions are not stirred up by politicians, that future could be possible as well.
Forecasters expect air temperatures in the capital, Baghdad, to reach 50C (122F) on Thursday afternoon. In the cities of Basra and Mosul, heatwave conditions are anticipated as well. Due to chronic power shortages brought on by the extreme heat, homes and businesses may find themselves without electricity and air conditioning for portions of the day. Near-record temperatures have been observed in the region and have impacted parts of Europe in recent weeks. Scientists warn that extreme weather could lead to the deaths of 52,000 people yearly in Europe by 2100 if nothing is done to halt the effects of climate change.
Hewitt, 75, had denied two charges of rape and a third charge of sexual assault. The attacks took place in the 1980s and 1990s, when the Australian-born former tennis star was coaching the women, then young girls, in South Africa. Hewitt won nine Grand Slam doubles and six mixed doubles titles in the 1960s and 1970s. His name was removed from the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2012, following abuse allegations. While being assaulted by Hewitt, one woman claimed he told her "rape is enjoyable." Another victim accused him of inappropriately touching her and coercing her into performing a sex act when she was 12 and 13. Judge Bert Bam told the High Court sitting in Johannesburg that the evidence against Hewitt was overwhelming and consistent. Hewitt's conduct was calculated, he said, as striking similarities among the three victims' testimonies showed that time did not erase the crimes. Following the guilty verdicts, Hewitt was remanded in custody as the judge added, "An unpunished guilty person should not go. ".
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School, Kempston, last December. Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded by the setting sun. Having accepted that he struck Mrs. Blackburn, he denies causing serious injury through dangerous driving. Mrs. Blackburn is currently receiving treatment in residential care. Mr Wright said that Sylvia, who was a much-loved lollipop lady, had been adored by the children, and he had turned her "world upside down", causing Judge Michael Kay QC to pause the case for five minutes so he could compose himself. "I am truly sorry for what I have done to her and her family. " Mr Wright's VW Golf failed to stop for a red light, the jury heard. The married mother-of-three, a lollipop lady for 20 years, had been on duty in Bedford Road as pupils left school. When the traffic lights turned red, Mrs Blackburn, who was wearing appropriate clothing, stepped out to escort a woman and her six-year-old daughter across the road. The defendant did not stop, even though traffic in the other direction had stopped, and hit her. "I was totally blinded by the sun," he said. "I just heard a bump. I was in total shock. "Since that day I have thought of nothing else other than Sylvia Blackburn and her family and the position I have put them in. " The court heard the sun was 10 minutes from setting and could have been shining into Mr Wright's eyes. The trial continues.
Scarlets were given an early lead by Canada international van der Merwe with his crossing, followed by a quick score from Steff Evans. The night also saw van der Merwe netting his second goal before Ken Owens crossed over in his 200th Scarlets appearance. Evans and Tom Price touched down either side of the break while van der Merwe completed his hat-trick late on. Captain Owens enjoyed the perfect return from his 200th Scarlets game as he sealed their bonus point in the first half, almost 11 years after making his debut appearance for the region. Next term, Van der Merwe will move to Newcastle Falcons, capping off a fine return to the starting line-up with his three-try haul while Evans' brace of tries helped ensure Scarlets leapfrogged Ulster into fourth in the Pro12. Francesco Minto scored a second-half consolation for the Italians, who were comprehensively outplayed on a warm spring night at Parc y Scarlets. Treviso's task got even harder when they had Federico Zani, Minto and Edoardo Gori sent to the bin within six minutes just after the hour mark. Scarlets made their three-man advantage count as van der Merwe scored a third try before Aled Davies joined an burgeoning scoresheet. Scarlets: Johnny Mcnicholl, DTH van der Merwe, Hadleigh Parkes, Scott Williams, Steff Evans, Dan Jones, Gareth Davies; Rob Evans, Ken Owens (captain), Samson Lee, Jake Ball, Tadhg Beirne, Aaron Shingler, James Davies, John Barclay Replacements: Emyr Phillips, Wyn Jones, Werner Kruger, Tom Price, Josh Macleod, Aled Davies, Aled Thomas, Liam Williams Treviso: David Odiete, Angelo Esposito, Tommaso Benvenuti, Alberto Sgarbi, Luca Sperandio, Ian McKinley, Tito Tebaldi; Federico Zani, Luca Bigi, Tiziano Pasquali, Filippo Gerosa, Dean Budd (captain), Francesco Minto, Marco Lazzaroni, Robert Barbieri Replacements: Ornel Gega, Alberto Porolli, Simone Ferrari, Marco Fuser, Teofilo Paulo, Abraham Steyn, Edoardo Gori, Luke McLean Referee: Andrew Brace (IRFU) Assistants referees: Stuart Gaffikin (IRFU), Gareth Newman (WRU) TMO: Olly Hodges (IRFU).
Sunni Muslim, Tanveer Ahmed, 32, from Bradford in Yorkshire, stabbed 40-year-old Asad Shah outside his store in Glasgow's Shawlands area on 24 March. Mr Shah was an Ahmadi - a minority sect not recognised by all Muslims. Ahmed admitted the murder and said the victim had disrespected Islam by falsely claiming to be a prophet. Why was Asad Shah murdered? In July, Ahmed pleaded guilty to the religiously-motivated murder at a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow. Last month, he was given a mandatory life term and told he must serve a minimum of 27 years before he can apply for parole. Judge Lady Rae, jailing him, said to Ahmed: "A much-loved man, who was a pillar of the local community, was the victim of a barbaric, premeditated, and wholly unjustified killing. He was described as a peaceful and peace-loving man, a family man who went out of his way to show respect for those of any faith." " The judge branded the attack as "an appalling display of merciless violence". It has now emerged that lawyers for Ahmed have lodged an appeal against his sentence. The court previously heard that Mr Shah was an Ahmadi,  who differ from the majority of Muslims, including Sunni Muslims, in that they believe the Prophet Muhammad was not the final prophet. The majority of Muslims believe Muhammad was the final prophet and say any other view is inconsistent with Islamic belief. Ahmed, a Sunni, claimed that he had killed Mr Shah because he had posted videos online in which the shopkeeper had "disrespected" Islam by claiming to be a prophet. Ahmed watched a clip featuring Mr Shah on his mobile phone as he travelled to Glasgow on the day of the murder and was heard in a phone message to say "listen to this guy, something needs to be done, it needs nipped in the bud". When he arrived at the shop, Ahmed said he warned Mr Shah that he was there to kill him and asked him to stop claiming to be a prophet. CCTV footage of the attack showed Ahmed pulling a knife out and moving behind the counter and stabbing Mr Shah repeatedly. The shopkeeper managed to get outside, but was stabbed again and then stamped on and kicked in a frenzied attack as he lay dying in the street. Mr Shah's brother Athar Shah tried to intervene, but was unable to fend off Ahmed. As Mr Shah lay dying on the ground, Ahmed walked calmly to a bus shelter where police found him a short time later. After being arrested, Ahmed released a statement through his lawyer saying he had killed Mr Shah as he had falsely claimed to be a prophet.
Walsh, sister of jockey Ruby and daughter of trainer Ted, is only the third female rider to win the race. "I've had some fantastic days, but this is an Irish National. It's great for women in racing," said Walsh. Rule The World held off Sizing Coal for second, with AP McCoy - riding the race for the final time - finishing sixth on Cantlow. Band Of Blood, a 50-1 shot, was fourth after weakening on the run-in. Ruby Walsh, who has won the race twice, failed to finish on the fancied Perfect Gentleman. Five horses came to grief at the first fence in the three-mile-five-furlong contest, and a number of others failed to finish. Led by three runners for leading owners Gigginstown House Stud, the field entered the home straight. Thunder And Roses, a 20-1 shot trained by Sandra Hughes, was alongside the Mouse Morris pair of Rule The World and Band Of Blood. Virtually jumping the final fence as one, the trio saw Thunder And Roses pulling ahead on landing, galloping all the way to the line to secure a four-and-a-quarter-length victory. The win was emotional for Hughes, who took over the training licence following the death of her father, Dessie, last November. Dessie trained 2003 Irish Grand National winner Timbera. "Thunder And Roses stays all day. I was a little disappointed with him at Cheltenham but he came out of it fine so we took our chance," said Hughes. "Someone above was helping us out. Dad always loved this race and to do it for him is wonderful. ".
The Bafta-winning BBC show about life at a London vicarage, ended its third series in April last year. "It seemed to be finished," Jupp told Radio Times. "Although I thought the same after series two. I would be very surprised if there was more. I don't see it. " Hollander, who co-wrote the series, said in April 2014 that it was "sad" but "attractive" to end the sitcom after three series, adding he did not want the show to "get worse" by carrying on too long. However he did not rule out a Rev film, saying: "It could probably hold it because of its tone. but we'd have to find a story that justifies it. About to take on a new role as host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz, Jupp is set to become its fifth host, replacing Sandi Toksvig. "It's iconic, and that is what is both frightening and exciting," he said. "It's like being told, 'Here's this beautiful thing we made - it's your turn to hold it, don't break it. '" He will present the 88th series of the show, and said he would like to have some politicians as guests, "particularly those who are capable of actual thought and speech". "I want to make sure we keep having journalists on too," he said. Comedians tend to pick around the periphery of a news item and make jokes in the margin, which is valid, whereas they really go for the stories. "I used to be worried about showing it to them because I thought that they would find it very odd," he said. "But I guess now children film themselves on an iPad and watch it back, so probably now being on screen, there's nothing magic about  it. ".
Ms Dugdale, who backed Owen Smith for the leadership, said last month she did not think Mr Corbyn could "unite our party" or "lead us into government". However, she said his re-election should be a "new beginning". Mr Corbyn saw off challenger Owen Smith with 61. 8% of more than half a million votes, to be re-elected Labour leader. Ms Dugdale called on the party to "harness the energy and enthusiasm of its movement" and turn it into real change for people. The Scottish Labour leader, who has recently secured more autonomy for the party north of the border, added: "Jeremy can unite the Labour Party, but he needs to want to unite it. "That means he needs to work with both the party across the country and MPs to provide an effective opposition to the Tories in Westminster. "It will be a difficult task for Jeremy, but not an impossible one. The Parliamentary Labour Party must also acknowledge that a Labour Party divided serves no-one. "We cannot fight the Tories if we are fighting amongst ourselves." " Chairperson of Scottish Labour for Jeremy, Neil Findlay, described the result as "fantastic". He said activists in Scotland had played a role in securing support for the re-elected Corbyn. He thanked every single one of them for putting a huge effort into turning the support we knew was there for Jeremy into votes. He said: "Unite members decided to back Jeremy's campaign because they know that we need a different kind of politics and a different kind of economy, in Scotland and right across the UK. "For too many people in Scotland, finding a job is an uphill task, made harder by unjust sanctions that can leave them destitute and reliant on foodbanks. " He added: "Now that the contest is over, we look forward to people uniting behind Jeremy and opposing the austerity cuts that have been made in Westminster and handed on by Holyrood. " In Glasgow, about 20 supporters of Jeremy Corbyn gathered at a pub to celebrate his re-election. They applauded in The Dram as the result was declared from a special conference in Liverpool. But rival parties claimed Labour would still be bitterly divided, despite the ballot result. Mr Corbyn was congratulated on his victory by SNP Business Convener Derek Mackay, who also accused the party of "overlooking" its duties as the official opposition. "Jeremy Corbyn should be congratulated for his victory, but it is unforgivable that Labour have overlooked their duties as official opposition at such a critical time to spend the summer tearing themselves apart," he said. " Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson also offered Mr Corbyn her congratulations but said she thought the result would be greeted with "utter dismay by thousands of moderate voters across Scotland and the rest of the UK. " She added: "This result now leaves Scottish Labour hopelessly divided. " Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said his party could offer an alternative to voters who had "no confidence in Mr Corbyn's left-wing lurch. " Patrick Harvie, the Scottish Greens' co-convener, said: "The re-election of Jeremy Corbyn must be taken as the moment for Labour to unite not only among themselves, but with other progressive forces in the fight against the Tories' austerity economics. ".
At other times, legal judgements are so complicated that they make little sense to normal people. In rare times, as happened recently in India, they even bewilder lawyers directly involved in the case. A bemused Supreme Court bench sent back a convoluted judgement from a high court judge in the state of Himachal Pradesh to be re-drafted because it was simply unintelligible. "We will have to set it aside because one cannot understand this," MB Lokur and Deepak Gupta were quoted by the Hindustan Times as saying on 14 April. And what was so complicated about the judgement, which ruled in favour of a tenant locked in a years-long battle with a landlord? Here is an extract: "However, the learned counsel. cannot derive the fullest succour from the aforesaid acquiescence. given its sinew suffering partial dissipation from an imminent display occurring in the impugned pronouncement hereat wherewithin unravelments are held qua the rendition recorded by the learned Rent Controller. " And more: "The summum bonum of the aforesaid discussion is that all the aforesaid material which existed before the learned Executing Court standing slighted besides their impact standing untenably undermined by him whereupon the ensuing sequel therefrom is of the learned Executing Court while pronouncing its impugned rendition overlooking the relevant and germane evidence besides its not appreciating its worth. Consequently, the order impugned suffers from a gross absurdity and perversity of misappreciation of material on record. Reportedly joking in court that she needed to hire an English professor to understand the convoluted ruling, the lawyer representing the tenant, Aishwarya Bhati, caught the attention of the UK-based Plain English Campaign (PEC), which stated that similar language had been deployed in the past by judges, although the wording in this case was deemed "preposterously overblown. " "There is simply no reason or excuse for it," the PEC's Lee Monks told the BBC. "We've often heard the defence that these are 'legal terms' but that's very often a cop-out. "The idea that something like '. fullest succour from the aforesaid acquiescence' is at all necessary is ridiculous. " While that may be true, judges in the Indian sub-continent, and elsewhere, clearly enjoy the freedom they have to show off their verbal dexterity and cultural knowledge in judgements - though they usually make more sense. On Thursday, a judgement from Pakistan's Supreme Court ruling that there was insufficient evidence of corruption to remove Nawaz Sharif from the role of prime minister began by mentioning Mario Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather, before quoting 19th Century novelist Honore de Balzac, in the original French. Back in India, a 268-page Supreme Court judgement last year from Justice Dipak Misra was particularly verbose in dismissing a challenge to the constitutionality of the criminal offence of defamation brought by Subramanian Swamy, a politician. The judge wrote, in a sentence described by the journalist and former law lecturer Tunku Varadarajan as "among the worst sentences I've encountered in all my years of reading legal materials": "This batch of writ petitions preferred under Article 32 of the Constitution of India exposits cavil in its quintessential conceptuality and percipient discord between venerated and exalted right of freedom of speech and expression of an individual, exploring manifold and multilayered, limitless, unbounded and unfettered spectrums and the controls, restrictions and constrictions, under the assumed power of 'reasonableness' ingrained in the statutory provisions relating to criminal law to reviver and uphold one's reputation"" But Indian judges, with few exceptions, "love purple prose which they mistake to be or believe to be Shakespearean English", says journalist Binoo K John, who wrote a book -  Entry from Backside Only: Hazaar Fundaas of Indian English - about the peculiar use of English in India. "So considering the long history of such prose, it is not all all embarrassing in India," he told the BBC. Meanwhile, at least one High Court judge in England has listened to calls to simplify the language used in judgements. Last year, a simply-worded ruling was published by Justice Peter Jackson in a family court case so that it could be understood by the children affected by it. He even used an emoji.
YouTube's head of gaming, Ryan Wyatt, told the BBC that visitors spend billions of hours every month watching gaming videos in response to competition from rivals like Twitch and Daily Motion, who already offer viewers the opportunity to watch gaming live on their websites. He said that they wanted to create a one-stop shop for all gaming content.
The firm had axed its iPhone rival in October last year after an earlier botched recall and re-release. The recall is thought to have cost $5. 3bn (Â£4. 3bn) and was hugely damaging for the South Korean firm's reputation. Samsung said on Monday that the cause of the Note 7 incidents was found to be the batteries, with neither software nor hardware at fault. Internal and independent investigations concluded that the batteries were to blame, the South Korean technology giant said in a statement. Errors in both design and manufacturing were cited by the company as having affected batteries from two different manufacturers. The issues revolved around a lack of adequate insulation material in the batteries and a design that did not allow enough space for the safe placement of the electrodes. Samsung said it was "taking responsibility for our failure to ultimately identify and verify the issues arising out of the battery design and manufacturing process". The smartphone giant did not name the battery suppliers during their Monday presentation, though last year had identified them as their affiliate Samsung SDI and Chinese company Amperex Technology. Samsung said it did not plan to take legal action and that it accepted responsibility for asking the suppliers to meet certain specifications. "Samsung has done what they needed to do for now but the true test will need to happen over time," analyst Bryan Ma of IDC told the BBC. "If successive products can be delivered consistently without incident in the next year or so, then they will be in a better position to regain consumers' trust. Samsung's Note 7 device, marketed as a large-screen top-end device and positioned as a rival to Apple's iPhone, was launched in August 2016. However, in September, Samsung had to recall about 2 million devices. 5 million phones after complaints of overheating and exploding batteries. The firm insisted that all replaced devices were safe. However, that was followed by reports that those phones were also overheating. The company expressed their anticipation to progress with a renewed dedication to safety, assuring that there will not be a recurrence of the fires in future devices like the upcoming S8. The lessons of the past several months are now deeply reflected in our processes and in our culture. " The firm also said it would not unveil its upcoming Galaxy S8 phone at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, as had been expected, suggesting the flagship model's launch may be later in the year. The head of the firm's smartphone business, Koh Dong-jin said the phone would not get a launch event at the event in Barcelona in February unlike previous Galaxy S smartphones.
Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust claim it is the first in the country to offer parents secure video calling to the neonatal unit. Parents can access the system from a computer, tablet, or smartphone, allowing them to make a video call to a touch screen that is wheeled to the side of the baby's cot. Shelley Bailey, assistant chief nurse, explained that the screen shows images of both parents and the baby, enabling them to see and hear the infant and communicate directly with medical staff on the neonatal unit. "Mum may be poorly herself and therefore still on the ward or it could be that she is in a different hospital to her baby. "But this system takes away all that worry and anxiety of not being able to see your little one every day - because now it's possible. Consultant Neonatologist, Chakrapani Vasudevan, emphasized that the system, funded by charitable donations, was secure and encrypted, ensuring the care of the most vulnerable and sick newborns during a time of immense distress and anxiety for parents. Lessening this will be greatly improved by this technology.
Cockatoos and swallows danced on a warm north wind, the pine and eucalyptus trees scenting the air in verdant Albert Park. Not even the vaguely hallucinatory gauze of jet lag could blur the luminous clarity of the light. It is a long way to come to watch Formula 1 but, for novice and grizzled veteran alike, there is a uniquely special quality to the first race of the season - especially here in Melbourne. "It is one of the best races of the year," said McLaren's two-time champion Fernando Alonso. "All of us made our debut here in Australia, so there are good memories. The whole city gets behind the event, quite excited, so it's a nice atmosphere around the GP. "And normally after a long break, new cars, always new regulations even if they are very small tweaks, there is the excitement of how they will be. "This adrenaline is probably exactly the same every 15 years I came here. " The 34-year-old Spaniard did not race in Australia last year as he was recovering from concussion sustained in a crash in pre-season testing. And had he done, he would have been at the back, so uncompetitive was his car. "I missed it," he said, "and am happy to be back. " F1 drivers can sometimes seem to have a somewhat sheltered and closeted existence, especially if they are multimillionaire icons of the sport. But Alonso hit the essence of Melbourne's appeal on the head. Walk into the park outside the track from St Kilda Road, and the first thing you encounter after the ticket booths is a kids' zone, where children can try out golf, cricket and football. Playing nearby was a live band. At 11am on a Thursday. Cross the lake on the plastic pontoon and the approach to the entrance to the paddock, where the drivers and teams are based, is a cavalcade of glamorous cars. Fans mass alongside the road from the car park to the paddock and - to a man - the drivers stop and sign autographs on their way in, in the midst of typical Aussie informality. Pass the cafe set up outside the media centre, present your pass to the electronic paddock gates and bleep your way inside and the laid-back ambience continues. Under the totalitarian rule of F1 tsar Bernie Ecclestone, most grand prix tracks these days are interchangeable - the pit building and team HQs separated by vast expanses of concrete. Melbourne, too, is feeling the effects of new money. This is the 20th anniversary of the first Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne and the city has changed a great deal in in that time. It retains its liveable feel, but butting up to the historic centre and beach area of St Kilda is now an increasing number of high rises. And on the way into town from the airport, I counted more than 30 cranes building more. The property boom has led the local authorities to pass a temporary law imposing restrictions on development, but inside Albert Park time moves more slowly - at least until the cars take to the track. Behind the garages, garden chairs, tables and umbrellas are laid out on lawns, some just for the teams, some for anyone to sit down and relax. A path runs downs the length of the paddock; more grass fronts the teams' temporary buildings. It all engenders the sense of camaraderie that inevitably accompanies an event at which the thousand-plus people who make up the F1 travelling circus are catching up after a winter locked away focusing only on their own thing. When the weather is hot as it was on Thursday, the general sense of well-being is enhanced. But so potent is the vibe here that very little can puncture it. Even rain is welcome in its own way. If anything, Melbourne's notoriously changeable weather only makes things better. There's nothing like a shower or two to ramp up the unpredictability, especially on a street track. Whatever the weather, one thing is certain - Friday's first day of track action in 2016 will start with the early morning alarm call of a two-seater F1 car taking fans on laps of the track. The high-pitched wail of its V10 can be heard across town and is for many an awkward reminder of a time when F1 was more like it should be. For others, it is an annoyance - waking them up too early on a weekend when the race timetable is shifted later in the day to catch more of the all-important European television audience. And also an anachronism. White noise; sound and fury signifying nothing. For them, the new turbo hybrids, while certainly quieter and less dramatic, are the sound of the future. A future that is already here, marked by what can only be described as a technological revolution that has seen the engines' ability to convert fuel-energy into performance rise from 29% to 50% in less than three years. That's F1. Always striving on. A mood encapsulated perfectly by the race that brings the curtain up on a new season every year - always looking forward to what's next.
The estimated weight of the whale is around 20 tonnes, as Assistant conservator of forests Makarand Ghodk informed the BBC. Reported by Yogita Limaye, the Bryde's whale, an endangered species, is found in the Arabian Sea.
They are not up for election. In any case, the future prospects of individual politicians and their parties matter far, far less than the key question. Leaders come and leaders go. Parties wax and wane in popularity. There is a much, much bigger issue here. Which is, of course, the choice facing the people a week today. Many people will listen to arguments and information advanced by political leaders. But, more than ever before, it seems likely that they will make their own minds up, based upon a composite series of impressions, thoughts, conversations, prejudices and projections. Think of it this way. If political guidance were to be regarded as the determining factor, then Remain would be winning out of the park. They have on their side, among others: the Prime Minister and most members of the UK Cabinet; the leaders of the principal opposition parties at Westminster; the First Minister and the leaders of every party at Holyrood. And the Leave side? They have UKIP; Boris Johnson, Michael Gove and other senior Tories; a few Labour MPs and MSPs; sundry other politicos. Scarcely an even balance. Currently, Leave appears to be winning, yet why is that so? Some may have been influenced by the strength and volume of the Leave campaign. Others will have been predisposed to dismiss the EU, requiring only a little encouragement and a sense of momentum. Others may dislike David Cameron. I think I have mentioned previously a reference to the earlier European referendum, that of 1975, in Roy Hattersley's splendid memoirs, Who Goes Home? The author quotes Roy Jenkins to the effect that the Yes side were bound to win because they had all the big political names in their camp while the No side relied upon a handful from the Labour Left and the Tory Right. That disparity may well have had an impact in 1975. That disparity is still present today. The UK and Scottish political leadership en masse still favours EU membership. Yet it would seem that the impact of that disparity is less salient. Again, a range of factors may be at play here. Firstly, developments in the EU may have increased the underlying unease of the populace, which has now been brought to the surface. Secondly, the issue of immigration may have become completely intertwined with the EU, to the disadvantage of the Remain camp. And, thirdly, there may simply be less fundamental respect for the guidance offered by political leaders. Folk may be less inclined to heed the advice of the powerful - and more disposed to ignore it. To return to Holyrood. All the political leaders there back Remain. The parties - all the parties - demonstrated that fact by mustering for a joint photocall and sending speakers to a European Movement Remain event. Partly, that reflects Scotland's apparent relative support for Remain - although, as I have noted earlier, I do not discern any exceptional zeal or enthusiasm for the EU among the Scottish people. Rather, it is, if anything, a caveated acceptance, on balance. That disparity between Remain and Leave generated controversy at Holyrood today. Not over the substance - but over the issue of the EU being raised at all. Like other public bodies, Parliament is in purdah. That means there should be no use of public funds in pursuit of either side in the EU referendum campaign. The Presiding Officer rules on such matters, with guidance issued in advance to all parties to inform debate. Among other points, that guidance notes: "In exercising judgement on whether to intervene, the Presiding Officer's main considerations will be whether the contribution could be considered to be an attempt to influence the voters in the referendum or could give rise to the perception that the proceedings were not fair or impartial as regards the referendum. " In questioning the First Minister today, it is my impression that Labour's Kezia Dugdale, frustrated at purdah, sought deliberately and carefully to push these constraints to the limit. She invited the FM to expatiate on the proclaimed advantages of the EU, including the single market. I understand she had signalled her intentions in advance to the FM's office. It was possible, of course, that Ms Dugdale's comments and question would be ruled out of order. But, prepared for the prospect, Nicola Sturgeon responded by stressing the benefits, economic and otherwise, of Scotland's present involvement within the EU. Neither mentioned the referendum explicitly, neither referred directly to the question in said plebiscite, neither directly advocated a particular choice in that vote. So that's OK then. Certainly, Ken Macintosh, in the chair, thought so. The PO looked and sounded a little nervous as the brief exchange proceeded. But he ruled later that his guidance had not been breached. The exchange had been in order. This was in response to a challenge from Margaret Mitchell, a Conservative MSP who advocates a Leave vote. She took the chance to add a few choice comments of her own anent the disadvantages of EU membership, thus neatly providing balance. Just. It might be thought germane for me to add that Ms Sturgeon sat smiling gently on the front bench as she was exonerated. Certainly, she did not miss the opportunity afforded. As well as supporting the current advantages of the EU, she confirmed that her government was making contingency plans for a potential Leave vote. And she said that every eventuality would require to be examined in the light of a Leave choice. Including, it was implied, a further independence referendum. In search of clarity, I asked a Team Sturgeon staffer later whether the FM was indeed floating the prospect of indyref2. The reply? "You bet. " Does that mean that such a prospect would inevitably follow a Leave vote? It does not. In practice, Ms Sturgeon is saying no more than she has said previously - that the prospect would be on the table. However, it is intriguing that she chose to emphasise it.
The world number one, 30, won a gripping 84-minute opening set on his way to a 7-6 (10-8) 7-5 6-0 victory. The Scot, bidding for his first Roland Garros title, goes on to face American John Isner or Russia's Karen Khachanov. British number two Kyle Edmund's run came to an end with a defeat by big-serving Kevin Anderson in five sets. The South African, 31, fought back to win 6-7 (6-8) 7-6 (7-4) 5-7 6-1 6-4 in a near four-hour match. Media playback is not supported on this device After searching for consistency in his opening two matches, Murray found something approaching his best form to win the most anticipated match of the first week. Former US Open champion Del Potro, whose ranking has slid after injuries, posed an unusually severe test for the third round and he began strongly. The Argentine's huge forehand drew regular gasps from the crowd, as well as what Murray later described as "a very manly grunt" from Del Potro. But once he had levelled in a high-quality first set, Murray edged a thrilling tie-break and then dominated in arguably his best performance of 2017. "I played some good matches at the beginning of the year, but definitely in the clay-court season, the second or third sets were the best I have played, for sure," Murray said. He out-scored the powerful Argentine with 41 winners to 35, all the while mixing up his game with deft drop shots and sharp volleys. The match turned late in the first set when Del Potro failed to serve it out and Murray eventually took the tie-break with his third set point, having saved four. Slumped on the net post for most of the changeover, a distraught Del Potro paused only to smack down his racquet in anger before moments later dropping serve at the start of the second set. "I couldn't believe that I lost that set, because I had many opportunities to win," he said. "But this happens when you play against the number one in the world. " There was no way back, especially after the Argentine - who struggled with a groin injury on the previous round - called for the doctor. Murray's hopes faltered only briefly when he failed to serve out at 5-4, but the Scot broke serve once again in the following game and then reeled off the last seven games in a row. "Mentally I feel pretty good just now," he said. "I'm happy with how the match was today. I'm working things out whilst I'm playing the matches. The really, really important part of my game is making adjustments. "The tactical side is very important for me. " After that marathon first set, the match quickly turned in Murray's favour as the Scot went on to clinch the final set in just 28 minutes. Murray said that whoever won that first set had big momentum, beating Del Potro in the Olympic gold-medal match at last year's Rio Games. "It's slow and heavy, and coming back in these conditions is difficult." "I thought I played some good tennis towards the end and I expected a tough match. "It was tough. I think he was playing much better than me in the first set. Both of us hand some chances in the first set, the second set was the same. Both those sets could have gone either way. " Edmund, 22, had hoped to match his best Grand Slam run by reaching the last 16, but Anderson's greater experience told in the latter stages of a hard-fought contest. Edmund held a slight edge in terms of ranking over Anderson, the Yorkshireman ranked nine places higher at 47th in the world, but the South African was playing in the third round of a Grand Slam for the 17th time. By contrast, it was only Edmund's second appearance in the last 32 of a major. "I played a good match and am disappointed to lose," said Edmund. "I would love to win and get to the fourth round, and especially win that type of match in the fifth set like that. "But, you know, quality by him. And he just beat me. " Anderson, who was a top-10 player before being hampered by a series of injuries, will now meet 2014 US Open champion Marin Cilic in the fourth round.
Mostly featured for United's Under-23 team have the three 19-year-olds, although Roberts did make his senior debut in an FA Cup match a year ago. Longstaff, who plays as a 'number 10', is a regular scorer for Peter Beardsley's U23 side this season. Woodman, who represented England up to Under-19 level, began his career at Crystal Palace before transitioning to Newcastle's academy set-up in 2013. He has also experienced loan spells with Hartlepool United and Crawley Town. Their arrival continues manager Lee Clark's January transfer activity, after extending full-back Luke Hendrie's loan spell while four other players have returned to their parent clubs.
Winning 13 titles and 90 grands prix in a career spanning 22 years from 1964 to 1986, the 70-year-old Spaniard is remembered as "a true giant of motorcycling history who will be greatly missed." Nieto was hospitalized on 26 July after the quad bike he was riding collided with a car, as reported by MotoGP. Remaining in intensive care for a week after the accident, MotoGP said his condition deteriorated. Nieto, an expert on smaller machines, won titles in both the 50cc and 125cc classes.
The show, a sequel to JK Rowling's books, opened in the West End this summer to five-star reviews. Ralph Fiennes was named best actor for both The Master Builder and Richard III, while Billie Piper won best actress for Yerma at the Young Vic. The ceremony, presented by Rob Brydon, was held at London's Old Vic theatre. Accepting the best play award from Dame Maggie Smith, Cursed Child director John Tiffany said: "It's a show about the peril of isolation, about unity, about family and about love. " JK Rowling sent a message read by actress Noma Dumezweni - who plays Hermione - praising Tiffany and writer Jack Thorne for "crafting the bare bones of a story into something very special". Among the celebrities handing out the awards were Orlando Bloom, Dame Joan Collins, Tom Hiddleston, Tom Hollander, James McAvoy, Mark Rylance, Sheridan Smith and Ruth Wilson. Fiennes saw off competition from Sir Ian McKellen, Sir Kenneth Branagh, James McArdle and O-T Fagbenle in the best actor category. Piper, who triumphed in the best actress category over Dumezweni, Helen McCrory and Sophie Melville, thanked Yerma director Simon Stone for "scaring" her with the role of a woman who is desperate for a child. Glenn Close won the best musical performance prize for Sunset Boulevard at the London Coliseum, beating Sheridan Smith's performance  in Funny Girl and Andy Karl in Groundhog Day. Accepting the award from Sir Elton John, Close said that reprising the role of Norma Desmond after 22 years had been a "once-in-a-lifetime experience. " Evening Standard owner Evgeny Lebedev co-hosted Sunday evening's ceremony alongside Sir Elton. The Duke of Cambridge presented the first award of the evening, the beyond theatre award, to Sir David Attenborough for his outstanding contribution to broadcasting. John Malkovich took home the award for best director for his production of Good Canary at the Rose Theatre, Kingston, beating Tiffany for Harry Potter and Dominic Cooke for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom at the National Theatre. Sean Mathias's production of Harold Pinter's No Man's Land at Wyndham's theatre, starring Sir Ian McKellen and Sir Patrick Stewart, was named best revival. Earlier, the theatrical knights had taken part in a comedy sketch in which Sir Ian appeared as a pantomime fairy godmother, complete with an illuminated wand. Glee star Amber Riley entertained guests with a song from the musical Dreamgirls, which opens at the Savoy Theatre next month. One of Riley's co-stars in the show, Tyrone Huntley, was presented with the emerging talent award for his earlier role in Jesus Christ Superstar. Sir Kenneth Branagh received the special Lebedev award for his season of plays - which included Romeo and Juliet and The Entertainer - at the Garrick Theatre, marking the end of the ceremony. news@bbc. co. uk.
"Flowers for Heroines" was started by the Cambridge Blue Belles and Stoke-on-Trent Let's Make Jam branches. They described it as a "counter protest" after graffiti was daubed on the London memorial during an anti-government demonstration. Since then many other WI branches have joined in and put pictures on Twitter. The words "Tory scum" were painted on the Whitehall war memorial during protests against austerity. Joanne Croxford of the Cambridge branch said she was "beyond angry" when she heard what had happened. "The memorial means a great deal and without those women we would not have what we do today," she said. "I was taking to Rebecca Brown at the Stoke branch and we decided we would go to London and cover the memorial with as many flowers as we could. Realizing the big parade was happening, we chose to do it locally instead to avoid detracting from it. Placing bunches of flowers on a number of memorials with labels reading "This is a counter protest against the damage done to the WWII women's memorial #flowersforheroines," she and other members showed their support. Janice Langley, WI chairwoman, praised the campaign as "a wonderful example of WI members working together to celebrate women and pay respect to the valuable roles that they have played, something they have done since the very beginnings of the organisation in 1915. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device This week, Vivo became the third Chinese company to sponsor Fifa, with a suggestion China could bid for 2030. But, with the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, that would go against the governing body's continental rotation policy. Ceferin says rules "cannot change just because we have some big sponsors". Speaking to BBC Sport in Cardiff before the Champions League final, he added: "It's simply time for us [Europe] to host the World Cup in 2030. "I cannot say which country will place a bid from Europe, but we cannot just sell the World Cup to the ones who want to pay the most. " Asked about China's commercial grip on Fifa, Ceferin told BBC Sport: "I didn't want to speak just about China, but the most important thing is that the World Cup should go to the country that has the best bid. " Russia will host the next World Cup in 2018, making a European bid for the 2030 tournament viable. Ceferin says an English or pan-British bid would be welcomed. "It just has to be a decision not just of the FA, probably also the government and others too. But they deserve to have a World Cup in the near future," the head of European football's governing body said. "They are capable of organising the World Cup, of that I'm sure. If they decide to go, we will strongly support them. " Cerefin was speaking the day before Cardiff hosts the Champions League final and said Wales hosting the final was "very important for the development of football". "For Cardiff, it's a fantastic experience," he added. "For us it's a bit of a challenge in terms of infrastructure and hotels but I'm sure Wales will never forget the event. "It's very important for the development of football. [Wales] made some fantastic results last year [at Euro 2016], they have one of the best players in the world - for a small country it is a fantastic result. " Gianni Infantino, head of world governing body Fifa, has also called for more transparency around transfers, and his Uefa counterpart Ceferin agrees. The issue of agents' fees has been in the spotlight after claims Mino Raiola earned £41m from Paul Pogba's world record move to Manchester United last summer. "First of all, there's crazy money around," said Ceferin. "But we have to speak to all the stakeholders and to speak to Fifa and in the end, it has to be a Fifa decision. "We were the ones who were pushing against third-party ownership [of players] and we succeeded with that, so we will have to work on this as usual. It's a problem. " However, Ceferin says it is "not a simple decision". "As a lawyer, if somebody agrees to an agreement about a certain amount it's hard to say he cannot get it," he added. "I don't have a miracle solution but we have to react, otherwise hundreds of millions of money goes out of football. " A disagreement between Fifa and Uefa has also emerged over the flow of information between the two, with Uefa saying they were kept in the dark over certain issues. Part of the complaint includes previously unknown financial details of TV rights contracts for the 2026 World Cup, which is expected to be held in North America. Furthermore, evidence was uncovered last year by a Fifa monitoring committee of North Koreans working in alleged "appalling" conditions on a stadium that will host World Cup games in St Petersburg next summer. Infantino only confirmed the presence of the workers and concerns over their living and working conditions in a letter to the presidents of the Nordic FAs earlier this month, a copy of which was seen by several media organisations. Ceferin says he "condemns" such treatment and welcomed the fact follow-up inspections found no evidence of other North Koreans working on World Cup stadiums. However, Uefa intends to send a letter next week to Fifa outlining its concerns over the lack of information, with Ceferin warning his organisation will refuse to make decisions at key meetings unless they receive timely updates. "What disturbs me is that we have to read about that in the media," he said. "It's not a criticism towards the president of Fifa, it's a criticism towards an organisation which is the world governing body of football and doesn't give us very important information. "In the end, Fifa will have to change completely or it will hurt all the football organisations around the world. ".
But this collection of pictures has immense historic value. They are the first ever photographs documenting a war in Latin America. They show the War of the Triple Alliance, a conflict which raged from 1865 to 1870 and which pitched Paraguay against Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay. It was one of the deadliest military conflicts in South American history with approximately 400,000 fatalities. Known as the Great War in Paraguay, where more than half of its population was lost to the conflict. Currently traveling throughout Paraguay, the pictures are featured in an exhibition that marks the 150th anniversary of the war's beginning. However, they were not taken with history in mind, but purely for commercial reasons. They are, in fact, part of an unusual business venture launched by an American of Irish descent called George Thomas Bate. Mr Bate had opened a photography shop in the Uruguayan capital Montevideo in 1864. That same year, Uruguay was rocked by a coup. Paraguay backed ousted president Bernardo Prudencio Berro, while Uruguay's neighbours Argentina and Brazil sided with coup leader Gen Venancio Flores. As he observed the magnitude of the war grow, Mr Bate had an idea. He had recently visited the United States during the Civil War and had noticed a blossoming new trade: the sale of war pictures. Families whose sons, fathers, brothers or husbands had gone to war were willing to pay money for images of the battlefields where their loved ones were fighting. In 1866, a year after the start of the War of the Triple Alliance, Mr Bate requested permission from the new Uruguayan government to send a photographer to the front. The photographer he chose for the task was a Uruguayan called Javier Lopez. Mr Lopez travelled with an assistant to the 100km-wide front line. Mr. Lopez was the only photographer on the battlefield at a time when newspapers were unable to print photographs. Photography expert Luis Vera explained to BBC Mundo the Herculean task faced by Mr. Lopez. "At that time pictures were taken using a technique called the collodion process, which required an enormous amount of equipment", said Mr Vera. "The kit included a heavy camera, fragile glass plates and chemicals that had to be carried all the way to the battlefields. " While American photographers of the Civil War used vehicles to carry their equipment, Mr Lopez and his assistant had to use backpacks. Another challenge was the time it took to shoot each picture. "The photographer had to prepare the wet plate, then take the picture, which required that people photographed stood still for up to 13 seconds, and finally he had to develop the photo in a tent that was used as a dark room," explained Mr Vera. The long time it took to process each image and the impossibility of shooting moving objects explains why most of the photos included in the exhibit are static and show no action, despite it being a war. In the end, the venture turned out to be a commercial failure. Even though Mr Bate publicised the photos in Uruguayan and Argentine papers, historians claim the 22 images compiled in an album called The Illustrated War did not catch the attention of the public, many of whom were against the war. In 1869, Mr Bate sold his photography store and moved to Buenos Aires. There, he tried a completely different line of work and opened a shoe store. His historic pictures of the war became part of the collection of the National Library of Uruguay, which loaned the photographs to Paraguay for this special touring exhibition. The War of the Triple Alliance ended on 1 March 1870 with the death on the battlefield of the Paraguayan president. Paraguay was left devastated, its territory temporarily occupied by Brazilian forces and its population decimated. In 1885 Uruguay became the first country of the Triple Alliance to return its war trophies to Paraguay, thereby normalising relations between the two Latin American nations.
The colossal rock avalanche occurred about 4,800 years ago, they say, based on a study of some of its boulders. The researchers have also re-examined the details of the event. They find the slide probably contained some 286 million cubic metres of debris - enough to cover New York's Central Park to a depth of about 80m. That volume dammed Zion Canyon's Virgin River, creating a lake that remained for centuries. As sediments filled this lake, they gave the valley its distinctive flat floor, which today makes it very easy to cross on foot. The lake is gone; the relentless process of erosion eventually broke it, and the river is again cutting downwards. And, as a consequence, roughly 45% of the original landslide deposits have been removed as well. Jeff Moore, from the University of Utah, and colleagues report their investigations in the Geological Society of America's journal GSA Today. By examining the amount of beryllium-10 in several boulders, the team was able to date the massive slip. This radioisotope is produced when energetic space particles raining down from the sky hit the oxygen and silicon atoms in quartz minerals. The longer a rock surface is exposed, the greater the build-up of beryllium-10. Previous dating work, using less direct methods, put the age of the slide at somewhere between 3,900 and 7,900 years ago. The Utah team's beryllium analysis strongly favours 4,800. "Nine out of 12 of our samples gave an age that was very tightly consistent with this mean age of about 4,800 years," Dr Moore told BBC News. But just as interesting as the dating are the new estimates surrounding the dynamics of the slide. The event initiated in the cliff face of The Sentinel, a huge tower of rock on the western side of Zion Canyon. The Utah team's simulations of how the flow progressed match the likely valley topography before the failure with the eventual distribution of deposits. This gives the group confidence in their numbers - which are pretty stunning. "It's a spectacular volume of material. You get, essentially, one of Zion's most massive cliffs collapsing, running across the canyon in 20 seconds with peak velocities of 90 metres per second (200mph)," said Dr Moore. It remains uncertain from the investigations what led to the rock avalanche. The lack of sufficient data on palaeo-earthquakes in the area prevents making a statement about a seismic trigger. It remains a possibility, but so too does a simple internal failure of the rock. And while there is evidence for other rock avalanches in the canyon, Dr Moore says a repeat event is not something the National Parks Service nor tourists should be unduly worried about. Just marvel at the spectacle, he urges. "People when they go there, they look up to the huge Navajo sandstone cliffs, and I think it's a little more subtle to look down at our feet and wonder why this canyon is so accessible, why the valley floor is so flat? "Studying landslides for my job, the story I tell is often connected to a lot of gloom and doom. But this is a case where a spectacular landslide did something in a spectacular setting, and it's an opportunity to reach out to people and tell them something new that they might not otherwise have known about landslides. "I hope it is an enriching tale on the history of Zion. " Now read about Jeff Moore's work on the rock arches of the southwestern US. Jonathan. Amos-INTERNET@bbc. Follow me on Twitter @BBCAmos and visit co. uk.
Under the 'Help to Rent' scheme, young working people in England would be able to borrow up to £1,500 (£2,000 in London) from the Government towards their tenancy deposit. Renting in the UK can be expensive - very in parts of some cities. But do people living in Europe to get a better deal? See what other political parties are saying about housing. "I rent in Bremen and the area I live is quiet, spacious and leafy "I'd say people pay around £600 for a one bedroom flat and £850 for a two bed and that includes bills and you have no council tax on top of what you've already paid in income tax. "I think rent is cheaper here because there is healthier competition and regulation in the market and stronger union representation for renters. "Around half of Germany rents and there isn't this UK obsession with getting on the property ladder. I believe I receive value for my money. Nevertheless, having rented in the UK where it can be quite challenging, I am more easily impressed. " "In Paris a one bedroom flat starts at £550, a double starts at £750 in Paris. "Then it depends, as always, on the location and the size of the flat; I live in a good area called Villiers and I pay £650 for one bedroom and that is seen as a good deal. "Flat sizes in Paris are small and the the main difference with London I would say, is that people don't share flats in the same way. "I definitely think I get good value, especially for Paris. French flats have character. The owner has to pay for all the maintenance, so most of the time the quality of the flat is good. "Paris is cheaper than London but it is a real issue to get a flat because of the French law which is very protective of the leaseholder. "Owners are always very demanding for more - guarantees, securities, deposits - and as a consequence it is always a battle to find a flat to rent because there are always at least 40 people with deposits competing for each flat. " "I lived in San Sebastian until last year and have just moved out to a smaller town nearby. "I lived in the old town which is one of the most expensive areas. Living outside the city now, I pay half of what I used to. Rents may appear cheaper than the UK, but when the average wage is £850 they don't seem so cheap and that's if you're working. "San Sebastian is a hard place to find flats, because renting isn't really as popular as it is in the UK. I found my flat through the school I worked for. "My standard of living is great and while I live in a small flat I spend more time outside, at the beach, in the mountains and cooking fresh food. " "The prices vary a lot but it's normal to pay around £620 - £780 for a one bedroom flat and £930 for a two bedroom "The prices are not as expensive in Copenhagen as London but are rising fast. This is due to very few flats being available compared to a huge demand. "There was a big renovation in Copenhagen in the 90s and many smaller flats were turned into bigger flats. "This is one of the reasons why there are less apartments. The other reason is that lots of people move to Copenhagen. "It's also worth noting that  people are relying more on pensions in Denmark and not speculating on houses in the same way as they do in London. " "Rents are not at market prices, the politicians control price levels so a nice flat in a nice area can rent for very little. but those who have a good contract never let it go. "This means we have a large second hand market with very high prices and a big illegal black market, where contracts are bought and sold and nobody knows how much money is involved in that. "There is big lack of flats, especially for rental, so the prices are high. It's very hard to find a rental contract, it takes years and years and years in a queue. "I've been waiting for ten years and still nothing nice and affordable has come my way. "The standard of living is very high compared to most countries - three-ply windows, internal plumbing, broadband access has been standard for decades. "However, the last flat I lived in was filthy and worn down. There was lots of crime and vandalism in the area and there were loads of young gangster wannabes harassing people and dealing drugs. " Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube.
Spectators were joined by pagans and druids at the ancient monument in Wiltshire, but the dense cloud cover meant the sun remained hidden. Police, who estimated 21,000 people attended, targeted the crowds with sniffer dogs and took 22 people into custody for drugs-related offences. The solstice has had spiritual significance for thousands of years. The word itself means a stopping or standing still of the sun. Gathered near the giant stones, a crowd had come to spend the night, with police reporting 2,000 people on site by 21:30 BST on Thursday. The sun then rose at 04:52 on the longest day of the year. Supt Matt Pullen, from Wiltshire Police, said: "The majority of people respected the conditions of entry and the amnesty bins provided were used. "Approximately 70 cannabis street warnings were issued. As with previous years, the passive drugs dogs proved very effective. " Twenty-two miles away (35km) at Avebury, where there are three stone circles, the crowd peaked at some 500 people. BBC Radio Wiltshire reporter Rachel Royce said: "There are some very serious druids here in their long cloaks, taking it very solemnly. There are also some party-goers, and ordinary visitors who love the atmosphere. "It really is a very peaceful and nice event. ".
The alert was raised at about 13:10 BST after the man's kayak capsized on the River Wey at Guildford and he went into the water near a weir. A police helicopter, firefighters and ambulance crews are all at the scene. Ch Insp Dave Mason, of Surrey Police, said he had been seen in difficulty because of the strong current. "We have a large number of officers out looking for this man alongside a number of fire crews," he said. "The man was spotted in the water by several members of the public and was clearly in difficulty due to the extremely strong current. "We are doing everything we can to try and find him. " He urged anyone who sees the man not to go into the river, but to call 999 immediately. The man went into the water near Guildford Borough Council's offices. A flood alert is in place for the Upper River Wey, including the Guildford stretch. On Sunday, river levels rose according to the Environment Agency, and they were anticipated to keep rising on Monday. The National Trust provided an update on River Wey conditions on Monday, noting that all river sections were in flood and posed a danger to navigation.
Launching the BBC's annual report, Tony Hall said it had a duty to "inform, educate and entertain". The annual report came two days before the government publishes a green paper on the BBC's future. It will reportedly ask whether the BBC should rethink how many popular entertainment programmes it broadcasts. BBC One talent show The Voice, which originated in Holland, has been mentioned by critics as an example of a show that has been used to compete for ratings with commercial rivals. But Lord Hall said: "I believe the BBC should continue to make programmes for everyone. A BBC that doesn't inform, educate and entertain is not the BBC the public know and love. "The great majority are happy to pay the licence fee. The BBC belongs to this country. The public are our shareholders. " A survey carried out for the Annual Report found 48% of the public supported funding the BBC through the licence fee, compared with 29% for advertising and 20% for subscription. The Annual Report revealed that spend on BBC talent - the corporation's star presenters - increased from £194. 2m in 2013/14 to £208. 4m in 2014/15. The wage bill for big names, who earn more than £1m a year, rose by £924,000 or 22%. Although the BBC does not reveal the identity of those biggest-earners, the handful of stars making more than £1m are likely to include Chris Evans, Gary Lineker and Jeremy Clarkson. Clarkson's departure could have a significant impact on the figures for the coming financial year. In 2014 the BBC committed itself to spending no more than 16% on talent and the current figure represents 12. 2% of spend on content. Lord Hall pointed to dramas such as Wolf Hall, The Missing and Poldark as examples of BBC successes over the last 12 months. And he warned against undue interference in programming. "The last time politicians got creative, we ended up with the Millennium Dome," he said. "So it will be hard to support any proposal that stops us finding the next Strictly, the next Bake Off, or - dare I say it - the next Top Gear. " BBC Trust chairman Rona Fairhead added there was "no evidence that the public wants less entertainment". She said: "The BBC can't be all things to all people, but as a universal public service broadcaster it must strive to serve all audiences. " The 2014/15 annual report also included the following audience figures: Meanwhile, the report revealed that the BBC's total severance pay had fallen 30% in a year since a £150,000 cap was introduced. The number of bullying and harassment cases reported this year had fallen by 36%, it said. Lord Hall said that the recent agreement with the government to cover the cost of providing free TV licenses for over-75s was "not a good process, but the agreement has now been finalized." "The debate now moves on to what kind of BBC we want in the future. And I'm much happier starting that debate from a shared agreement around flat cash funding for BBC services, rather than starting off down around three-quarters of a billion pounds. " But the BBC's financial chief, Anne Bulford, said that despite the licence fee funding that has been secured, income would be down in real terms by 10%. When asked if he considered resigning over the negotiations with the government regarding over-75 licences, Lord Hall said: "I didn't. because I believe in the BBC and fighting for the BBC. " He called for a "proper public debate about the future of the BBC" before the corporation's royal charter is renewed. Lord Hall said: "There's a clash between two very different views of BBC. There is an alternative view that prefers a much diminished BBC. I don't support this view. Nor does the British public. " The government's green paper is due to be published on Thursday. Expected to be examined by the review are the future of the licence fee, potential scaling back of the BBC website, and inquiry into the BBC's political impartiality. Labour's vision for the future of the BBC was outlined by shadow culture secretary Chris Bryant in a speech in London. He said there was "now just 18 months left to save the BBC" following recent government criticism of the corporation. He also pledged to save Strictly Come Dancing and The Voice. "The BBC is our nation's cultural NHS and the golden thread through it all is that it provides something for everyone," he said. It comes after Lord Patten, a former Conservative Party and BBC Trust chairman, criticised the government during a Lords' debate on the BBC. He said: "I wish I could feel confident its future was safe in the hands of the present administration. "I don't think the prime minister or chancellor want to have as part of their legacy that they began the destruction of this great broadcaster. ".
Included among a list of assets that could be sold in a court filing on Friday was the property. However, the Bremer Trust stated on Saturday that it "has no plans" to offload Paisley Park. It added that the "Purple Rain house" - which featured in the career-making film of the same name - was also safe. Prince was found dead in an elevator inside Paisley Park in April, after an accidental overdose of painkillers. Thousands of fans gathered outside the property in the following days to lay tributes and pay their respects. There have been calls for the studios and soundstages to be opened to the public, in the style of Elvis's former home, Graceland. Prince himself "was working on it being a museum," his friend and collaborator Sheila E told Entertainment Tonight earlier this year. "He's been gathering memorabilia and stuff from all the tours, like my drums and his motorcycle," she said. Last Friday, the Bremer Trust applied for permission to sell more than 20 properties owned by the late star, worth an estimated $28 million (Â£21. 5 million). Among them is Paisley Park, and it is not known why - but the revenue would undoubtedly help to pay a tax bill that is thought to amount to more than $100 million (Â£77 million), due in January next year. Meanwhile, the process of determining Prince's heirs is continuing in court Last month, a judge narrowed down a pool of more than 40 claimants, excluding 29 of them and ordering genetic testing on a further six, including four siblings or half-siblings - Tyka Nelson, Sharon Nelson, Norrine Nelson and John Nelson - and a possible niece and grand-niece, Brianna Nelson and Victoria Nelson. The process has become necessary as Prince died without leaving a will and had no known offspring. Separately, his former wife Manuela Testolini has appeared in court to argue that records from the couple's 2006 divorce should remain sealed. A local newspaper wants the papers to be released, but Testolini's attorneys have objected, saying the records are tied to a private settlement, and the release of financial records could make her "a target". Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram at bbcnewsents, or email entertainment. news@bbc. co. uk.
The foreign secretary told Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano legal reasons prevented him from being moved. The president of the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome had asked British doctors if 10-month-old Charlie could be transferred to his care. Since October, Charlie has been receiving specialist treatment at Great Ormond Street Hospital after the Pope tweeted his support on Monday. Mr Johnson has informed his Italian counterpart that decisions should be guided by expert medical opinion, with court support, in accordance with Charlie's "best interests. " " Charlie has mitochondrial depletion syndrome, a rare genetic condition which causes progressive muscle weakness. Doctors say he cannot see, hear, move, cry or swallow. During questions to the prime minister, on Wednesday, Theresa May said she was "confident" Great Ormond Street Hospital "have, and always will, consider any offers or new information that has come forward with consideration of the well-being of a desperately ill child". Charlie's parents raised Â£1. 3m on a crowdfunding site to pay for experimental treatment in the US. But they lost a legal battle with the hospital last month after judges at the European Court of Human Rights concluding further treatment would "continue to cause Charlie significant harm". The Vatican's paediatric hospital stepped in after Pope Francis called for Charlie's parents, Chris Gard and Connie Yates, to be allowed to "accompany and treat their child until the end". The hospital's president Mariella Enoc said: "I was contacted by the mother, who is a very determined and decisive person and doesn't want to be stopped by anything. " Renowned scientist and genetics expert Robert Winston told ITV's Good Morning Britain that courts and doctors should not be interfering with the parents' wishes, saying the loss of a child was "about the worst injury that any person can have". "Extremely unhelpful and very cruel," he said, were "interferences from the Vatican and from Donald Trump. " Lord Winston added: "This child has been dealt with at a hospital which has huge expertise in mitochondrial disease and is being offered a break in a hospital that has never published anything on this disease, as far as I'm aware. The Vatican said that the Pope was following the case "with affection and sadness". A statement included: "For [Charlie's parents] he prays, hoping that their desire to accompany and care for their own child to the end is not ignored." " " US President Donald Trump also tweeted about Charlie on Monday, writing: "If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the UK and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so. " Charlie's parents, from Bedfont, west London, have spent the last days of their son's life with him, after being given more time before his life-support is turned off. On Thursday they said the hospital had denied them their final wish to take their son home to die.
Spotter says its clients include the Home Office, EU Commission and Dubai Courts. The algorithm-based analytics software generates reputation reports based on social and traditional media material. However some experts say such tools are often inadequate because of the nuance of language. A spokeswoman for the Home Office said she should not comment at this time. Spotter's UK sales director Richard May said the company monitored material that was "publicly available". Its proprietary software uses a combination of linguistics, semantics and heuristics to create algorithms that generate reports about online reputation. It says it is able to identify sentiment with up to an 80% accuracy rate. The company says these reports can also be verified by human analysts if the client wishes. Algorithms had been developed to reflect various tones in 29 different languages including Chinese, Russian and Arabic, said Mr May. "Nothing is fool-proof - we are talking about automated systems," he told the BBC. Mr May added that one of the most common subjects for sarcasm was bad service, like delayed journeys. Five years ago, we were only at 50% accuracy, but this level was unattainable. One of our clients is Air France. If someone has a delayed flight, they will tweet, 'Thanks Air France for getting us into London two hours late' - obviously they are not actually thanking them," he said. "We also have to be very specific to specific industries. The word 'virus' is usually negative. But if you're talking about virus in the context of the medical industry, it might not be. " Spotter charged a minimum of Â£1,000 per month for its services, Mr May said. Simon Collister, who lectures in PR and social media at the London College of Communication, told the BBC there was "no magic bullet" when it came to analytics that recognise tone. "These tools are often next to useless - in terms of understanding tone, sarcasm, it's so dependent on context and human languages," he said. "It's social media and what makes it interesting and fascinating is the social side - machines just can't comprehend that side of things in my opinion. " Mr Collister added that human interpretation was still vital. "The challenge that governments and businesses have is whether to rely on automated tools that are not that effective or to engage a huge amount of human effort. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device The Gunners boss had to endure calls for his departure on Saturday before and during his side's 1-0 Premier League home victory over Norwich. "We respect the opinion of everybody. We gave absolutely the best," said Wenger, whose team moved up to third. "I'm really sorry I cannot make them all happy but we will continue to work hard to achieve it. " It was a minority of fans who had voiced their frustrations at their team's failure to mount a title challenge in recent years. Fans from the Arsenal Supporters' Trust, the Black Scarf Movement and Red Action handed out posters with the message 'time for change' and some fans held them up after 12 and 78 minutes - 12 being the number of years the club has gone without winning the league. Warned about the protest, Wenger, who joined the club in 1996, said there were those who supported their manager in a divided stadium, singing "there's only one Arsene Wenger" in response to the 12th-minute protest. He added that he has respect for the club and gave so much for the club, saying he wants to make people happy. "It was a bit of a strange atmosphere. I think the fans were behind the team, and I believe as well that we did not have the stylish performance that could raise people off their seats. "We had a serious, studied performance, a bit subdued at stages, but we wanted absolutely to win the game and we did it. " Wenger's pre-match comments had stoked the flames this week, with the manager saying fans had gone "overboard" with their criticisms, and that his team had played in "a very difficult climate" at home over recent months, contributing to their failure in the league. Arsenal were top of the Premier League at the turn of the year, but their title hopes have since faded with their home form a major contributing factor - they have collected 14 points from their last eight games at the Emirates Stadium. Wenger said: "Maybe it is as well because we have been remarkably consistent. This season was a bit special because we were in a position for a long time where our fans believed we could win the league. "We didn't and that's why I think it's more disappointed love than real aggression. " Victory over Norwich moved Wenger's team a step closer to Champions League qualification and above Manchester City, who have a game in hand and who play the Gunners at the Etihad Stadium next weekend. "We have to give a special game next Sunday," said Wenger of the City match.
Real Madrid forward Bale misses the trip to Belgrade through suspension. Stoke midfielder Allen said: "We see it as a chance to tackle that challenge and we are confident we still have enough in that squad to go out there and get a good result. " He also aims to use the motivation of Wales' 6-1 defeat by Serbia in 2012. Allen described that September night as his "worst night in a Welsh shirt" and hopes memories of it can galvanise Wales against the Serbs. Wales are third in Group D - four points behind Serbia and second-placed Republic of Ireland - as they head past the halfway stage. But they are without Bale, who has netted four times in this campaign, because he second yellow card in it during their 0-0 draw against the Republic of Ireland in March. Allen said: "We are going to miss him, there is no point hiding from that fact. "He's key to us and he's a world-class player, but one of the main qualities of this group is that we're all about team work and we are all about resilience. "I like to think we have always got a 'plan B' even when we have him playing. It can be about relying on him to pull the rabbit out of the hat, but even when he's playing it's not as simple as that in international football. "You learn that and whether its offensively or defensively we have to deal with the Serbians in many different ways. " Allen is set to win his 36th cap in Belgrade and was part of the Wales team who were thrashed in Novi Sad on their last visit to Serbia. He admitted: "I think that scarred anyone who was involved in that game. It was the worst night in a Welsh shirt for me, scarring us. "But I think I the great thing about going back out there, having another chance is we can see how far we have come. We are a million miles away from the team that turned out that night, with some of the lads still in the squad and some new players. That's a positive and I think we can draw on that going into this game. As players you cannot help but carry that feeling of wanting to set the record straight. "And I don't know about all the lads but I think I will be using that to try and help me in this game as well. Insisting that this game is not a 'must-win', Allen emphasized that Wales are heading into a crucial match one year to the day from when they kicked off their unforgettable Euro 2016 campaign with a 2-1 victory over Slovakia in Bordeaux. Being part of Coleman's squad back then, Allen reflected, "We have endeavored to leverage all the positives from last summer." "I hope we will be able to do that throughout our careers - it was such a pivotal moment and highlight that you can only draw inspiration from that. "It's gone fast, to think its a year is incredible really. But the vibe and the atmosphere in the camp is just as good as it was then and that's a real positive for us. ".
Following three years of steady growth, Dr Gary Gillespie said growth was still forecast at just below 2% for the year. However, he warned of a "challenging" environment, particularly in the oil and gas sector. Finance secretary John Swinney said Scotland had "remained resilient" despite "increased global headwinds. " Dr Gillespie's tri-annual "state of the economy" report said quarterly growth was 0. 1%, with annualised growth at 1. 9%. Growth for the UK as a whole in 2015 is forecast around 2. 4%. Household expenditure and investment were key drivers in the Scottish market, with construction activity in particular surging. However, he warned that there had been "substantial reduction in investment intentions" in the oil and gas sector, "impacting directly on employment and the wider supply chain". The outlook for the sector in 2016 remains "challenging" while oil prices remain low, and a fall in global commodity prices has also hit steel and paper production. A strong rate of employment growth in recent years has levelled off, with unemployment stabilising at pre-recession levels. Dr Gillespie said: "The external environment remains key to the outlook in 2016 for Scotland both in terms of global demand, in particular China, and the impact of monetary tightening in the US on wider global economic sentiment. "The legacy from the financial crisis of 2008/09 is a much more inter-dependent and fragile global economic system which transmits the impact of economic changes through the global economic system. As an open economy, Scotland is not immune to these impacts. " The chief economist noted that growth should be more "broad-based" in 2016, with more private sector expenditure balancing out public sector investment and improved productivity driving export growth. He said: "The labour market remains strong, and whilst there are headwinds from the external environment the outlook overall at this time remains positive. " Deputy First Minister John Swinney said the Scottish economy had "remained resilient even in the face of increased global headwinds", continuing the longest period of continuous quarterly growth in the Scottish economy since 2001. Saying that recent data has shown Scotland's economy has been performing well over recent years, with output and employment above their pre-crisis levels, he noted that our economy is facing a number of external challenges, which has resulted in the pace of growth slowing during the second quarter of the year. "The UK government retains control of the main economic and tax levers affecting the North Sea oil industry, and we urge them to do all they can to assist the sector. We are doing all we can within our devolved powers, having set up the Energy Jobs Taskforce to help protect employment in the industry and to drive forward innovation and new ways of working. "Our prioritisation of public infrastructure spending throughout 2015 has also been a strong contributor to growth in Scotland during this period. " He added: "The Scottish government will continue to work with businesses to focus on growing the economy and promoting Scotland as a great place to do business. ".
Paul Charles Wilkins, of Littleport in Cambridgeshire, travelled to California in January to "engage in illicit sexual conduct" with boys aged 10 and 12, US officials claim. US Attorney Eileen M. Decker described the 70-year-old as a predator. Wilkins was jailed in the UK in 2011 for child pornography offences. He pleaded guilty to 16 charges and was jailed for 56 months at Cambridge Crown Court, the Crown Prosecution Service for East of England said. Arriving in the Coachella Valley in southern California in January, Wilkins had the intention of having sex with pre-teen boys, according to US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials. The Cambridgeshire man, who holds dual UK and US citizenship, was arrested on 11 February at a rented apartment in Palm Springs after allegedly paying an undercover Homelands Security Investigations (HSI) officer $250 (Â£170) to have sex with a nine-year-old boy. He was charged with travelling with intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct with boys and attempted sex trafficking. Ms Decker, chief federal law enforcement officer in the Central District of California, said: "When this defendant's original plan was thwarted, he made other arrangements to sexually abuse a child. "He must be held accountable for these crimes. " Wilkins has been detained in custody in the US since his arrest, but two further charges of transporting and possessing child pornography were added to the indictment on 17 June. The images were found on a laptop computer and storage device seized when he was arrested in Palm Springs, an ICE official said. Wilkins was detained as part of HSI's Operation Predator, an international initiative to protect children from sexual predators. He is expected to face trial in the US on 19 July.
Dywedodd y byddai ASau Ceidwadol yn San Steffan yn "senedd o ddefaid gyda bathodynnau glas". Mae'r addewidion yn y maniffesto Llafur yn cynnwys £1. 5bn yn ychwanegol ar gyfer gwasanaethau cyhoeddus Cymru, a chefnogaeth i forlyn llanw Bae Abertawe. Yn etholaeth ogleddol Delyn, digwyddodd y lansiad wrth i Theresa May lansio maniffesto'r Ceiwadwyr Cymreig yn Wrecsam. Dywedodd Mr Jones wrth dorf o ymgyrchwyr Llafur yng Ngholeg Cambria, Llaneurgain fod "y blaid gas wedi dychwelyd" Wrth feirniadu polisïau'r Ceidwadwyr ar ofal cymdeithasol yng Nghymru, dywedodd: "Mae'r maniffesto yn dweud un peth wrth bobl hŷn yn y wlad yma. "Dyma yw eu neges - mae'r Torïaid yn eich cymryd chi'n ganiataol. Maen nhw'n credu bod eich pleidleisiau chi'n sicr. " Mynnodd fod angen dwy lywodraeth Lafur ar Gymru i sicrhau bod yr economi yn gweithio "i bawb, nid ar gyfer yr ychydig ar y top yn unig". Yn y cyfamser mae pôl piniwn newydd wedi awgrymu fod Llafur bellach ar 44% yng Nghymru, gyda'r Ceidwadwyr ar 34%. Roedd polau gan YouGov ar ran ITV a Chanolfan Llywodraethiant Cymru yn gynharach yn yr ymgyrch wedi dangos y Torïaid ar y blaen. Dywedodd Mr Jones fod gan Lafur "gynllun uchelgeisiol" ar gyfer amddiffyn, trethi a Brexit. Ychwanegodd y byddai ei blaid yn sefydlu "partneriaeth go iawn" gyda llywodraeth Lafur yn San Steffan. Cyfaddefodd fod gogledd Cymru yn ardal ble bydd brwydro agos yn yr etholiad. Ond darllenodd rhai addewidion Llafur ar gyfer y rhanbarth gan gynnwys gwireddu cynllun Wylfa Newydd, a £50m ar gyfer Metro Gogledd Cymru, a thrydaneiddio rheilffyrdd. Meddai "Mae ein maniffesto'n gynllun uchelgeisiol, cynhwysfawr o beth all Llafur Cymru wneud gyda'n gilydd, gan weithio yn y Cynulliad a San Steffan. " Trwy gydweithio, bydd Llafur Cymru yn ymrwymo i ddiogelu'r arian fyddai wedi dod i Gymru trwy'r UE. "Bydd yr arian yna yn cael ei wario yng Nghymru, ac ar flaenoriaethau Cymreig - dim yn cael ei guddio yn Whitehall fel y mae'r Torïaid yn ei fygwth. " Mae Llafur hefyd yn dweud, yn dilyn Brexit, y byddan nhw'n sicrhau'r un lefel o gymorth ariannol i Gymru ag y mae'n derbyn gan yr Undeb Ewropeaidd ar hyn o bryd. Wrth ymateb dywedodd arweinydd y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Nghymru, Mark Williams, fod Llafur wedi torri addewidion o sefyll dros Gymru "dro ar ôl tro drwy bleidleisio gydag UKIP a'r Ceidwadwyr ar y mater unigol mwyaf y mae'r wlad yn ei wynebu". Ychwanegodd fod y blaid Lafur "wedi rhoi siec wag i Theresa May ar Brexit, gan alluogi'r Ceidwadwyr i ysgrifennu dyfodol oeraidd a chybyddlyd i'n plant". "Ni all y blaid Lafur bellach alw ei hun yn wrthblaid swyddogol," meddai. Dywedodd Jonathan Edwards o Blaid Cymru fod y maniffesto Llafur yn cynnwys "polisïau maen nhw wedi gwrthod gweithredu fel y blaid lywodraethol yng Nghymru". "Y realiti yw nad oes y fath beth a 'Llafur Cymru', a bydd y nonsens rhagrithiol yn mynd yn angof unwaith fydd yr etholiad drosto," meddai. "Bydd pob un AS Llafur yn dilyn yr un gorchmynion o'u harweinydd, Jeremy Corbyn a bydd y maniffesto yma'n diweddu lan yn y bin. ".
The loos, near Shiyan Lake in southern Hunan province, have fabulous views of both the forest below and other people using the facilities. Visitors dared to use the loos on their opening day, even though cubicle walls, including those between the men's and women's sections, are only separated by lightly frosted glass, according to state media. Despite a boom in the construction of glass bridges and walkways in scenic locations in China in recent years - in some cases so popular they had to be closed - these are thought to be the first entirely glass public bathrooms in the country. However, it not the first time those busting to go have been exposed a little more than they might like by the enthusiasm for glass. There were reports recently of some male toilets in a university dorm in Hunan which included one very public cubicle. News of the wide-view WCs at Shiyan Lake sparked a range of reactions online. Responding to a Facebook post about it by state television channel CCTV, Ejike Nnadi summed up the feelings of many: "Hell no. " Others were more taken by the idea. "You'll be surprised by what you can tolerate when you really, really need to go," said one post. Another nodded towards another modern use for restrooms: "I'd be in there 'til my battery hit zero if there was signal in there!" Tina Chen took a dimmer view of all such projects though. It is not a matter of shyness, but rather someone had extra money to waste. Awkward or not, it is hoped that these bathrooms for the brave will encourage tourists to visit the countryside around Changsha city and admire the spectacular autumn colours of its forests.
Scott and Donna Hussey's son, Freddie, suffered fatal head injuries when he was hit as he walked with his mother in Bedminster, Bristol, in January 2014. Bristol South Labour MP Karin Smyth raised the case of the family in the Commons in a special debate. A minister ruled out new legislation but has agreed to meet with the family. Freddie Hussey was killed when a two-tonne trailer became detached from a Land Rover and careered across the pavement,  crushing him. Andrew Jones, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Transport, said new legislation could be "disproportionately burdensome". Scott and Donna Hussey have been calling for a test similar to the MoT which would be applied to trailers and towed equipment. Mr Jones said figures for 2014 showed there had been 1,257 road accidents involving towed vehicles, in which 39 fatalities and 214 serious injuries were involved. But he said he would meet with Freddie's parents who have campaigned on the issue since their son's death. After the debate Ms Smith said she was pleased the minister "took this issue very seriously" and that he had set out a number of clear actions that he has pledged to undertake. Tony Davies, aged 37 from Hallen, was convicted of causing Freddie's death as a result of careless driving, leading to a sentence of 200 hours of community service.
The authorities know where he is and have even invited him in for a chat. But much to the frustration of European investigators, Dan Tan Seet Eng remains a free man and the Singaporean police seemingly powerless to act. Dan Tan, as he is more commonly known, has been closely linked to international match-fixing for more than two years. Aged 48 and of Chinese descent, there are just two known photographs of the Singaporean in circulation. His name, on the other hand, repeatedly appears in court papers from the Italian "Calcioscommesse" match-fixing and betting scandal investigation. That investigation has been under way since 2011 and involves the rigging of games in Italy's lower divisions. So far, it has implicated scores of players, many of whom have been given bans and their clubs docked points. In the papers from the court in Cremona, Dan Tan is referred to as "Il Boss", and it is claimed that he leads a huge fixing syndicate operating from his home in Singapore. Extensive phone records were published between Singaporean numbers said to belong to Dan Tan and contacts in Europe. According to the papers, Dan Tan had been using Eastern European fixers to make contact with players. These fixers are often former footballers or agents with established links to the modern game. "Dan Tan probably pays the European match fixers about 200,000 euros ($260,200, Â£172,900) to fix per game," Stanley Ho, a Singapore Straits Times reporter who has investigated the fixers, said. "He will then pass that information to illegal betting syndicates in China where they will have dozens of guys on laptops and computers and they will be clicking - live betting - all at the same time - on that particular game. " Ho says his research suggests that Dan Tan should be seen more as a match "buyer" than a "fixer". The arranging of the match was being done by Europeans, he told me, and it was only when they had secured a possible fix that they would make contact with Dan Tan for the funds to achieve it. Much of the evidence against Dan Tan comes from a former associate, Wilson Raj Perumal. A fellow Singaporean with a history of petty crime, Perumal's brazen acts of fixing moved beyond simply rigging games to include organising international friendlies featuring entirely bogus national sides. Perumal's fixing career came to a sudden stop in February 2011 when he had a falling out with Dan Tan and was arrested in Finland, after a deal to purchase the Finnish football club Rovaniemi went sour, leading many to believe that the authorities were tipped off by someone. In prison - first in Finland and then under house arrest in Hungary - Wilson Raj Perumal began to talk. The details he revealed became central to the cases that have now been made against Dan Tan in both Italy and across Europe. A month ago, thanks in part to Perumal's testimony, European police forces presented a summary of their findings in  The Hague. Between 2008 and 2011, Europol said they had identified 680 suspicious games, of which 380 took place in Europe. The matches included World Cup qualifiers and the European Champions league. Further details were withheld for legal reasons but blame for the fixing was placed firmly on Asian syndicates, and in particular, a group based in Singapore. Thousands of miles to the east, this was deeply embarrassing for Singapore. It is normally a country that prides itself on being business-friendly and virtually corruption-free. Football fans were now clamouring to know why a man alleged to have corrupted the world's favourite game on a massive scale was still at large. I went to Singapore to try to find Dan Tan and also to discover from authorities why he had not been arrested. I failed on both counts. Dan Tan is still free somewhere in Singapore, but he has moved on from the apartment block which is listed as his residence. Through a contact, it was established that he had no interest whatsoever in talking to the media or responding to the charges made against him. So why then is Dan Tan still free? The Singaporean authorities were more accessible but just as unco-operative. Neither the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Singaporean police or the country's anti-corruption agency would speak to me about match-fixing. So I turned to one of Singapore's leading criminal lawyers, Subhas Anandan, for legal advice. In the past, he has represented some of the country's most notorious match-fixers in court. Mr Anandan said that in fact the matter was quite simple. There is no extradition treaty between Singapore and Italy, so it's impossible for Dan Tan to be simply handed over to the Italian authorities. Action could only be taken against him if there was proof of wrongdoing in Singapore, he said. "There is no evidence to say that he [Dan Tan] has committed any offence in Singapore. So you cannot do anything to him here in Singapore. " But there's no doubt that the Singaporean authorities are under intense pressure and feeling it. Two weeks ago, Dan Tan and seven of his associates were brought in for questioning and then released a few hours later without charge. Days later, one of them, a former footballer from Slovenia named Admir Suljic, decided to fly to Milan. He was met in Italy by police officers and will face charges of sporting fraud in connection with the Calcioscommesse scandal. The proof that Singapore isn't interested in fighting football corruption, some have seized on Dan Tan's continuing freedom. This charge has been rejected by the Singaporean authorities, who have been supported by the secretary-general of Interpol, Ronald Noble. I spoke to Mr Noble at a conference on match-fixing in Malaysia. He said he believed Singapore had been unfairly singled out and that despite pointing fingers, Europol was not sharing the evidence it had gathered with the rest of the world. "All police forces need to be permitted by law to co-operate internationally while their investigations are ongoing and not be required to wait until the investigation has been concluded and the trial has been concluded," he said. There is little doubt that the match fixers' sophisticated inter-continental operations have put them a long way ahead of the rigid rule-bound tactics of those trying to stop them. Depressingly for football fans, it is not going to be easy or quick to change. Many in Singapore are also doubtful as to whether Dan Tan really is quite as important as he has been made out to be. They say he only became the focus of attention because his jailed associate, Wilson Raj Perumal, was arrested and became the only decent lead to those who fund the fixing that investigators have. They say organised crime networks in China, Vietnam, Russia and elsewhere are also almost certainly involved in the rigging of matches. "If the European fixers can sell the matches to Dan Tan," journalist Stanley Ho told me. "Don't you think they're calling other syndicates too?".
Women in the country where football is a major passion are fighting for their place in the game, despite not fitting everyone's idea of what a footballer is and having to battle sexism. Spoken to by The BBC's 100 Women season, Marta delivers her message for other female footballers. Renata MendonÃ§a and Dina Demrdash produce. BBC 100 Women annually names 100 influential and inspirational women around the world. Documentaries, features, and interviews about their lives are created, providing more space for stories that spotlight women. Other stories you might like: 'I married a man to keep my girlfriend' Science turns its attention to the female orgasm Who is on the BBC's 100 Women 2016 list?.
Darren Bonner, from Sunderland, died in hospital 17 days after being found in a field at Cresswell in July. When he appeared at Newcastle Crown Court, Richard Spottiswood, 33, of Canterbury Way in Jarrow, denied murder. Charged with murder, Lucy Burn, 29, of Burns Close in South Shields, did not enter a plea. Both individuals were remanded into custody for another hearing on 14 November. Mr Bonner was found in the field near Morpeth on 10 July, and Northumbria Police said he had died on 27 July.
The 12 men from County Durham, Tyne and Wear, Liverpool and Manchester were found guilty at Teesside Crown Court of supplying and dealing drugs. In 2013, cocaine and cannabis with a street value of about £1m were seized by police. Det Ch Insp Victoria Fuller from Durham Constabulary described the men as "simply horrible individuals," emphasizing that they never considered the suffering their crimes caused communities or the innocent individuals affected by their actions. "This is not just about the damage drugs themselves may cause but the associated crime which can badly affect communities. The gang's position at the top of the supply chain was confirmed by Durham Police due to the fact that some of the cocaine was 91% pure. Operation Skyhawk, part of Durham Constabulary's Sledgehammer campaign targeting organised criminal groups in the force area, was carried out by over 200 police officers and staff.
The pair, aged 34 and 36, lost their jobs after admitting gross misconduct and being found guilty of a breach of integrity by police chiefs. The constables were dismissed without notice after the misconduct hearing on Thursday. PC James Addison, 37, a police officer at Downing Street, was dismissed in June for sharing extreme pornography on his phone while on duty. He was not named by the Metropolitan Police. He sent other officers "disgusting and offensive" images that included bizarre sex acts and scenes showing defecation. During the investigation into the so called "Plebgate" affair, images were discovered on his phone. This incident involved former government chief whip Andrew Mitchell MP who was accused of calling officers plebs during an argument at the gates of Downing Street - an allegation he has denied. PC Addison faced no further action regarding this matter. PC Addison, from Rayleigh in Essex, admitted sharing the images and was suspended from duty in December 2013. In May, at Westminster Magistrates' Court, he was sentenced to a Â£6,000 fine, Â£120 victim surcharge and forfeiture of his mobile phone after he admitted 11 counts of publishing an obscene article. After the porn was discovered, a total of 14 officers were investigated for either criminal offenses or misconduct. The Met said that no further criminal action will be taken and the matter has been concluded. Det Ch Supt Alaric Bonthron said: ''The sharing of these images is completely unacceptable. ".
It arrived amid a fierce debate about the future of fracking in Scotland and the rest of the UK. The tanker, carrying 27,500m3 of ethane from US shale fields, is bound for the Grangemouth petrochemicals plant owned by Ineos. Ineos said the gas would secure the future of the plant's workforce. But many politicians and environmental groups have criticised the shipment. They claim the process of injecting water, sand and chemicals into the rock at high pressure damages the environment. Drilling for shale gas is only at an exploratory phase in the UK. The Scottish government has placed a moratorium on all fracking in Scotland while a study into its impact is carried out. It said ministers were "unavailable to attend" the arrival of the shale gas shipment. The tanker had been due to dock at midday. A fresh attempt will be made at about midnight. By John Moylan, BBC employment and industry correspondent Ineos says access to cheap US shale gas will transform the economics of Grangemouth. And it believes that the creation of a chemical and manufacturing hub around the plant could pass that competitive advantage on to others. Ineos has additionally signed a long term supply agreement with the Exxon Mobil/Shell Ethylene plant in Fife, benefiting from inexpensive US ethane beyond just aiding Grangemouth. A pipeline will also carry ethane from Grangemouth to Ineos's plant in Hull where it recently announced a multi-million pounds investment to take advantage of shale gas economics. Now rivals are responding. US shale gas will soon be coming to another petrochemicals plant on Teesside, where the Saudi chemicals firm SABIC has also announced a "very significant" investment. Some say this could amount to a renaissance for our chemicals industry which provides key products for manufacturers across the UK. At the very least it should boost its global competitiveness and help safeguard jobs for years to come. Jim Ratcliffe, Ineos founder and chairman, said shale gas had helped to secure 10,000 jobs. He told BBC Radio Scotland's Good Morning Scotland programme that the chemicals industry was "not perfect" and that there would be the "occasional" environmental issue. Mr Ratcliffe added: "What I am saying is I don't think it is any different to the chemical industry - there isn't a product that you buy or consume that doesn't require a chemical of one form or another. "And the chemical industry is extremely good at managing environmental issues and safety issues, but it is not perfect. It is like a puncture in your car - occasionally you get a puncture and occasionally we have an accident in chemicals. " The company said the shipment aboard the carrier Ineos Insight was the culmination of a Â£1. 6bn investment resulting in eight tankers forming a "virtual pipeline" across the Atlantic between the US and the UK and Norway. Ineos argues that with the North Sea's supply of ethane dwindling, the shipments from the US are the only way of bringing in sufficient gas at low enough prices to maintain its olefins and polymers business at Grangemouth in the face of global competition. It believes the US shale gas will provide sufficient raw material to run its manufacturing site at full rates, something that has not been possible for many years. By BBC Scotland energy and environment correspondent Kevin Keane Most people imagine shale gas as something you burn to create electricity and energy. What Ineos will do with it at Grangemouth is take ethane from the gas and create plastic pellets for general manufacturing. It's something that's already being done at the plant and up until now Ineos has been getting that ethane from North Sea natural gas. The company says that previously there have been plentiful supplies in the North Sea, but for the past three or four years it's been diminishing and the pellet-making process has been running at half speed. The US shale gas means Ineos can push Grangemouth back up to full production with weekly deliveries creating a "virtual pipeline" that will allow them to keep supplies topped up. The Grangemouth facility is home to Scotland's only crude oil refinery and produces the bulk of fuels used in Scotland, with the site said to contribute about 3% of Scottish GDP. It is also home to Europe's biggest ethane tank, which is capable of holding 60,000m3 of gas after it arrives by tanker. Ineos has said the shale shipments should safeguard the future of Grangemouth's 1,300 workers. Suppliers have signed 15-year contracts with the company to pipe ethane from the shale fields in the US to purpose-built export facilities on the east and Gulf coasts of America. The gas will then be shipped across the Atlantic in a fleet of eight specially-designed Dragon-class ships commissioned by Ineos. Ports in Norway, Portugal, and Spain have all received shale gas shipments this year following the lifting of a ban on the export of US oil and gas, but the arrival of the Ineos Insight will be the first to the UK. Unconventional oil and gas extraction remains controversial in the UK, with the UK Labour Party following Scottish Labour in backing a ban on fracking if it wins the next general election. Despite pleas from Ineos to embrace shale gas drilling, the Scottish government moratorium on the practice remains in place, in contrast to the pro-fracking stance of the UK government. The Scottish Parliament voted to support an outright ban on fracking in June after SNP MSPs abstained. Having commissioned a series of independent research projects into unconventional oil and gas, the Scottish government aims to examine potential environmental, health, and economic impacts to inform its "evidence-led approach" to the issue. A spokesman stated that the projects are expected to report later this year, with the public consultation scheduled for winter 2016-17. He added: "The moratorium will remain in place throughout this process and the Scottish government will use the results of the consultation to inform its decision on the way forward. " Mary Church, head of campaigns at Friends of the Earth Scotland, said: "It is completely unacceptable to attempt to prop up Ineos's petrochemicals plants on the back of human suffering and environmental destruction across the Atlantic. "The fact that Scottish public money is tied up in this project is disgraceful. "Setting aside the devastating local impacts of fracking, the climate consequences of extracting yet more fossil fuels are utterly disastrous. ".
The company added 1. 68 million users in the three months to June - well below its forecasts of 2. "Subscriber cancellations rose 'slightly and unexpectedly' to 5 million ahead of higher charges for existing users. " Netflix shares were sent down 13% to $85. 90 in after-hours trading in New York by the numbers. If that loss extends when Wall Street opens on Tuesday, the stock will have lost about a quarter of its value this year. Netflix shares are often subject to big swings as investors bet on its drive to redefine global television viewing habits. Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said: "The shares are down because their domestic subscriber growth slowed to a crawl. and domestic profits fuel their international losses. " Netflix admitted that growth had slowed both in the US and international markets: "We are growing, but not as fast as we would like or have been. " Analysts estimate that about 20 million subscribers may be forced to pay between $1 and $2 more a month by the end of this year. Netflix said the increases were one reason why the company will add just 300,000 US subscribers in the three months to September - far fewer than the 880,000 added in the same period last year. Revenue for the quarter rose 28% to $2. 1bn, driven partly by Netflix's higher prices. Almost available in every country, the streaming service is best known for shows like Orange is the New Black, House of Cards, and the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Nevertheless, it is encountering competition from competing services like Amazon Prime and Hulu. Netflix also faces the challenge of localising or adapting its offerings to different countries and cultures. It remains shut out of China due to what it called a "more challenging" regulatory environment. The mainland does not yet permit streaming services from Disney or Apple either.
Catherine and the Duke of Cambridge arrived by car at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, west London, at 06:00 BST. Kensington Palace said she was in the early stages of labour, which was progressing as normal. The couple do not know the sex of their first child, who will be third in line to the throne. The world's media have been camped outside St Mary's for days in anticipation of the birth. The due date had never been officially announced but had widely been expected to be mid-July. Royal vehicles were seen at a back entrance to the hospital at about 06:00 BST, with the announcement coming from Kensington Palace 90 minutes later. The couple, both 31, travelled to the hospital without a police escort, their spokesman said. BBC News Royal correspondent Peter Hunt reports that the statement from Kensington Palace, consisting of just 45 words, will be translated into numerous languages and repeated indefinitely due to the world's captivation with this baby, until further updates are given after the child's birth. This intense international interest highlights the challenges facing William and Catherine. The birth of a child is a deeply personal and private moment. But in their case, it will also be the cause of much wider celebration. Prince Charles had a similar experience when Prince William was born. He wrote of being rewarded by seeing "a small creature" who "belonged to us even though he seemed to belong to everyone else as well". Thirty-one years on, the world waits while the Duchess of Cambridge is in labour - something which is not without risk. Her baby will represent the beginning of family life for the couple and will offer the House of Windsor renewed hope for the future. The duchess is being tended by a top medical team led by the Queen's gynaecologist Marcus Setchell, who delivered the Countess of Wessex's two children. Alan Farthing, gynaecologist to the Royal Household, will be assisting. She will give birth in the hospital's private Lindo Wing, where Prince William and his brother Prince Harry were born. There is a strong police presence around the hospital and two police officers are guarding the entrance to the private wing. The media scrum parked outside is having to contend with the heat on what is the hottest day in the UK since July 2006. BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said the duchess was thought to be one week past her due date. "The royal statement contains 45 words. All there will be to sustain the world's media until the baby is born," he tweeted. Last week, the Queen joked about the imminent arrival of the newest member of her family, saying she hoped the baby would be born before she went on holiday to her private Balmoral estate in Scotland. During a visit to the National Railway Museum in York, the Prince of Wales was asked by the members of the press and the public about the birth of his first grandchild but he did not divulge any information. Prince William has been with his wife on annual leave and will have two weeks' paternity leave from his job as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot. It is believed the next time the couple will be seen in public is when they appear on the steps of the hospital with their baby. Plans for how the birth will be announced were amended by Kensington Palace officials on Monday evening. A formal press release containing details of the birth will now be issued shortly before a formal signed bulletin leaves the hospital for Buckingham Palace. It is custom for news of royal births and deaths to be attached to the railings of the palace, but in this case it will be displayed on an ornate easel in the forecourt of the palace. The Queen, senior members of the Royal Family and the duchess's family - if they are not at the hospital - will be told about the birth first. Then a royal aide will take a bulletin, signed by key medical staff, from the hospital to the palace under police escort. Under new laws to succession the baby will remain third in line to the throne regardless of gender and the gender of any subsequent siblings. Prime Minister David Cameron spoke about the excitement surrounding the imminent arrival, and also about the recent changes to the rules of succession. He said on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour that it was "pretty much a done deal," with all the nations of the Commonwealth in agreement, even though the changes had not yet been passed through their parliaments. The Archbishop of Canterbury, who is likely to carry out any christening, has sent his best wishes to the couple. "My thoughts and prayers are with Kate and the whole family on this enormously special day," tweeted the Most Reverend Justin Welby. 10 curious things about the royal birth How royal births have been announced There is global interest in the royal birth and it has been the subject of much speculation, particularly when it comes to names. Bookmaker William Hill says George is the favourite for a boy and, after a flurry of bets, Alexandra - one of the Queen's middle names - for a girl. Charlotte is also thought to be a contender. The new royal baby will be the Queen's third great-grandchild. It will be expected to take the throne following reigns by Prince Charles and then Prince William. The couple announced they were expecting their first child in December after the duchess was admitted to hospital suffering from severe morning sickness. Since the announcement, the duchess has carried out 19 days of public engagements before going on maternity leave in the middle of June. Catherine's final public appearance before the birth was at the Trooping the Colour ceremony in June. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were married at Westminster Abbey in April 2011, watched on television by hundreds of millions of people around the world.
Fred Olsen agreed to the group settlement after holidaymakers suffered gastric illnesses on the the Boudicca between October 2009 and May 2010. Symptoms experienced by passengers consisted of diarrhoea, vomiting, and severe stomach cramps. Fred Olsen assured that its ships always adhered to the highest standards of health, safety, and hygiene. Luke and Emma Ryan, from Petersfield, Hampshire, spent Christmas 2009 and New Year with their five-year-old daughter on the ship. Mr Ryan, 41, said: "It was a disaster. Instead of opening presents on Christmas morning, I had to be seen by a nurse. "The cruise was cut short by a day due to the illness and, to be frank, the end could not have come soon enough. Clare Pearson, of law firm Irwin Mitchell, said she hopes this settlement will allow for the ability to move on with their lives. "Regrettably, a higher incidence than usual of gastric illness, also known as norovirus or winter vomiting virus, was experienced from October 2009 to May 2010 within communities in the United Kingdom, which is commonly identifiable in areas where people reside in close proximity, according to a Fred Olsen spokeswoman. On a cruise ship, where movement is restricted, cases are particularly highlighted, even though most people do not report incidences." "The health, safety and well-being of all our guests and crew remains our utmost priority at all times, and we believe that our systems for preventing the spread of illness on board our ships are amongst the best within the industry. ".
It comes after the RAF's second-in-command said "huge" demands were being placed on equipment and personnel. David Cameron said: "There are moments when I wake up and read the newspapers and think: 'I tell you what, you do the fighting and I'll do the talking'. " He said military leaders were "absolutely clear" the mission could be kept going for as long as necessary. "Time is on our side, not on Gaddafi's side," he said in a news conference. He insisted that when he had spoken to airmen, morale and enthusiasm for the job was "extremely high". Last week, the First Sea Lord, Sir Mark Stanhope, warned that continuing operations in Libya beyond September would mean taking ships away from other tasks. In briefing notes obtained by The Daily Telegraph and published on Tuesday, Air Chief Marshal Sir Simon Bryant said that morale among personnel was "fragile" and their fighting spirit was being threatened by over-work. He noted that the service was being stretched by intense air operations in Afghanistan and the Middle East. According to the briefing paper, ACM Bryant warned MPs in May that many areas of the RAF were "running hot", while service personnel's sense that the nation valued their efforts was being undermined by the government's defence cuts. ACM Bryant said: "The true strength is in our people in continuing to deliver, despite all that's asked of them. The UK's defence dilemma "Morale remains fragile. Although fighting spirit remains positive, this assessment will be challenged by individual harmony targets as Operation Ellamy [in Libya] endures [after September]. " He continued: "The impact of SDSR [strategic defence and security review] continues to undermine the sense of being valued. There is concern over the perceived lack of strategic direction which is restricting confidence in the senior leadership. " The RAF faces cuts of 5,000 personnel over the next three years - a reduction of almost 15%. Shadow defence secretary Jim Murphy said the assumptions on which the government's defence review had been based were "fundamentally flawed". "It is time to listen to military advice, review the review and provide our forces with capabilities which match our foreign policy ambitions," he said. BBC defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt said the government's worry is that warnings of overstretch in the military are sending the wrong message to Col Gaddafi and Libya, as well as handing ammunition to Labour, which is calling for defence cuts to be reversed. For the moment, there is no sign of a government u-turn on defence, but all three services are clear that there is very little in reserve for any new military mission as long as Libya and Afghanistan continue, she added. Nick Harvey, the armed forces minister, stated that tough but necessary measures had to be implemented in the strategic defence and security review. However, the MoD confirmed that it still had the necessary resources. Mr Osborne, on the other hand, announced that an update on the cost of the Libya campaign will be provided by the Ministry of Defence within the next week. Pressed about the issue by Ed Balls during Treasury questions in the Commons, Mr Osborne said the cost was being met by the Treasury special reserve and was "very much lower than the ongoing operation in Afghanistan" The RAF is involved in a Nato mission to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya to protect civilians using "all necessary measures" short of a ground invasion.
Waghorn's 10th and 11th goals of the season maintained Rangers' perfect points record in the Championship. The striker's first was a 20-yard left-footed drive and his second came from the spot after Gregor Buchanan was sent off for felling Kenny Miller. The Sons pulled one back through Garry Fleming's penalty after Danny Wilson fouled Frazer Wright. Whether it was through a resolve to not become the seventh team to concede five goals to Rangers this season, or because this marked their 300th competitive game at what is now called the Cheaper Insurance Direct Stadium, Dumbarton had their visitors between a rock and a hard place. The pink boots of Willie Gibson were the source of some early jitters for Rangers, with the winger narrowly missing with a high, curled free-kick before crossing for striker Fleming to head firmly against the inside of Wes Foderingham's post. The half-hour mark passed without Rangers creating a clear-cut chance as the well-drilled Sons rear-guard of Buchanan, Darren Barr, Mark Docherty and Grant Gallagher snuffed out what came their way. Barr even found time to direct a header into the arms of Foderingham from another testing Gibson delivery and Scott Brown blazed over when well-placed for a shot. In fact it was the 45th minute when James Tavernier's rocket from the edge of the box was tipped over by Dumbarton goalkeeper Mark Brown to register Rangers' first proper shot on target. The Englishman then almost made it seven for the season with a free-kick that smacked the outside of the upright. Just when an hour had passed and Dumbarton manager Stevie Aitken's plan appeared to be working, Waghorn picked up the ball and hit a sweet strike beyond Brown, who may have been slightly unsighted. Harsh on the Sons who went two behind 10 minutes later. A through ball had Miller bearing down on goal and Buchanan seemed to get tangled up with him as the former Scotland striker shaped to shoot. Referee Alan Muir dismissed Buchanan and Waghorn stepped up to dispatch his penalty into the left corner. Wilson's foul on Wright at a set piece allowed Fleming to get his third of the season from the penalty spot, with Foderingham getting a touch but not enough. Match ends, Dumbarton 1, Rangers 2. Second Half ends, Dumbarton 1, Rangers 2. Nathan Oduwa (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Grant Gallagher (Dumbarton). Goal!  Dumbarton 1, Rangers 2. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner. Dominic Ball (Rangers) is shown the yellow card. Penalty conceded by Danny Wilson (Rangers) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Dumbarton. Frazer Wright draws a foul in the penalty area. Foul by Danny Wilson (Rangers). Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. Andy Halliday (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Darren Barr (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Fraser Aird (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Darren Barr (Dumbarton). Foul by Lee Wallace (Rangers). Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Dumbarton. Calum Waters replaces Mark Docherty because of an injury. Substitution, Rangers. Fraser Aird replaces James Tavernier. William Gibson (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Dean Shiels (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by William Gibson (Dumbarton). Dean Shiels (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Scott Brown (Dumbarton) commits a foul, resulting in Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) receiving a yellow card for the bad foul. Nathan Oduwa (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). Substitution, Dumbarton. Frazer Wright replaces Kevin Cawley. Goal!  Dumbarton 0, Rangers 2. Martyn Waghorn (Rangers) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. Gregor Buchanan (Dumbarton) is shown the red card. Penalty Rangers. Kenny Miller draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Gregor Buchanan (Dumbarton) after a foul in the penalty area. Danny Wilson (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). Corner,  Rangers. Conceded by Garry Fleming. Attempt blocked. James Tavernier (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Nathan Oduwa (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Gregor Buchanan (Dumbarton). Goal!  Dumbarton 0, Rangers 1. Martyn Waghorn (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box to the centre of the goal. Corner,  Rangers. Conceded by Gregor Buchanan. Lee Wallace (Rangers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
The McDonnell Douglas MD-83 ploughed into a printing works and residential buildings before bursting into flames. Rescue workers, who worked through the night, are still searching for bodies. Everyone on board the aircraft died. It is not yet known how many people were killed, but there were also casualties on the ground. The airliner, operated by Lagos-based company Dana Air, had flown in from the capital, Abuja, when it crashed and burst into flames on Sunday. The plane came down in the Iju area, just north of the airport. At 15:43 GMT, the Lagos control tower was contacted by the pilot to declare an emergency, 11 nautical miles away from the runway, according to Aviation Minister Stella Oduah. "A minute later, the aircraft disappeared from the air traffic control radar," Ms Oduah told reporters at a briefing at the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority headquarters in Lagos. "Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the passengers and the people on the ground who lost their lives in this tragedy," the minister said. AP news agency reports that after the crash, some local residents flocked to the plane's wreckage, with a few attempting to help by putting out fires. By Monday morning, there was some unrest at the site as a few people tried to loot, resulting in clashes with soldiers, an eyewitness told the BBC. "I saw a crowd of people trying to get to the scene of the accident. Then, after a while I saw some military escorts pushing them and there was a sort of stampede," Samson Omosohwofa told the BBC's World Update programme. • Seven major air crashes since 1992 • Security in the sector was revamped in 2007 • All airlines had to re-capitalise or be grounded, in an effort to ensure better safety • In August 2010, the US gave Nigeria its top safety rating, allowing its domestic carriers to fly directly to America • Lagos's Murtala Muhammed Airport is a major transport hub for West Africa, with 2. 3m passengers passing through it in 2009 • Nigeria's government says it now has full radar coverage of the entire country "[The soldiers] were beating people. People were running over themselves and wounding themselves when they were trying to get away from them" he said. Police fired teargas at the crowd at one point, the AFP news agency reports. Correspondents say casualties on the ground may have been minimised because it was Sunday and the commercial buildings were likely to have been empty. There have been distressing scenes as people found out that they had relatives and friends on board; most of the passengers were Nigerian, says the BBC's Will Ross in Lagos. The Chinese embassy said six of its nationals died. President Goodluck Jonathan, who is due to visit the scene of the crash, said he had ordered the "fullest possible" investigation into the crash. On 11 May, a similar Dana Air plane - possibly the same one - developed a technical problem and was forced to make an emergency landing in Lagos, our correspondent says. Questions are now being asked about the general safety of aviation in Nigeria, as this is the fourth crash in the last decade in which more than 100 people were killed, our correspondent adds. Like many African countries, the country has a poor air safety record. Improvements were made five years ago after a spate of airline disasters, the chairman of the watchdog Nigeria Aviation Safety Initiative, Dung Pam, told the BBC. But he said the main problem in Nigeria is that there was not a facility to carry out the relevant checks on old aircraft. "In fact,  the whole of West Africa doesn't have a facility that will carry out C Checks [extensive maintenance surveys] on commercial aeroplanes. " Indian-owned Dana Air, which has yet to make an official statement about the cause of the crash, has set up a 24-hour hotline for relatives. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of guests who were involved in the Dana Air mishap. May the souls of the deceased rest in peace," its website says. Dana Air says it operates Boeing MD-83 planes to cities around Nigeria out of Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos. The airport is a major hub for West Africa and saw 2. 3 million passengers pass through it in 2009, according to the most recent statistics provided by the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria.
The project, which the company launched in 2013. was designed to let users buy a basic phone and add different modules like a keyboard or other sensors, Google had announced during its developer conference I/O in May, its intentions to have a developer version ready to ship in the autumn. It will now concentrate on its other phones, tablets and other hardware lines, reports Reuters. Project Ara has suffered numerous setbacks since it began life as a Motorola venture, which Google owned before later selling. The idea was to create a smartphone which could be customised to owners' tastes with interchangeable "modules" including screens, cameras and processors. In 2014, a trial was announced in Puerto Rico, centred around providing buyers with a smartphone frame and a range of 20 to 30 clip-on modules. However, this pilot scheme was delayed and eventually cancelled last year, with the team blaming "lots of iterations" in the design. In May this year, Google said a new version of the modular phone would be less customisable than originally planned. The main display and processors could no longer be swapped - a redesign Google said offered more space for other parts with more unusual functions. Modular phones could help consumers upgrade their handset without having to buy an entirely new model, as well as reducing technological waste. However, the individual components are expensive to manufacture. LG released the modular LG G5 phone earlier this year to a lukewarm response. On launch it only supported two additional modules - a high-definition audio processor and a camera grip. Ian Fogg, senior director of mobile and telecoms at analysts IHS, says that Project Ara went against every lesson the smartphone market has learnt over the years by eliminating the removable battery, for example, the battery can also be exchanged, but doing so causes the phone to reboot. "The original concept of making all modules user-changeable is an  incredibly hard thing to do. "By redesigning it so only certain modules were swappable dramatically simplified the project, but it undermined the point of how important swapping those bits out was to the consumers. It went right against every bit of industry wisdom. ".
Seven of those who died were teenagers; the youngest were just 14 years old. German police said more than 30 other people were injured. Officials said Sonboly had set up a fake Facebook account in May and sent a message luring victims to a branch of McDonald's with the promise of free food. All of those who died in the incident in Munich, as reported by German media, were residents of the city. A significant number of them came from families with roots outside of Germany. Hussein Daitzik (or Huseyin Dayicik), a 17-year-old of Greek origin, was said to have been shot dead as he tried to protect his sister from the shots. A Greek Muslim lawmaker has said the Daitzik family comes from the Muslim minority in Western Thrace, in northern Greece. German TV said Hussein was born and lived in Munich. A New York Times reporter met the boy's father, Souleyman, outside one of the city's hospitals as he searched for his son. He told her Hussein and his sister had gone to the shopping mall together but had become separated after the shooting started. His daughter managed to escape from the gunfire and was rescued by the emergency services and taken to hospital, suffering trauma. Hussein's death was confirmed later. Guilliano Kollman, 18 or 19, reportedly died outside the McDonald's where the shooting started. "He was a funny guy, a normal guy. Quoted as saying, "No-one had anything against him," one friend. Dijamant Zabergja, 20 or 21, the son of a police officer of Kosovo Albanian heritage, was also shot dead His father, Naim, visited the scene on Saturday, carrying flowers and a photograph of his son. The dead were also reported to include: The BBC has not received authorisation to publish any pictures of those killed, other thanDijamant Zabergja.
The African champions let in goals from Kerem Demirbay and Timo Werner, who netted twice, while Vincent Aboubakar grabbed a consolation goal for them. The Indomitable Lions also had Ernest Mabouka sent off after confusion involving the Video Assistant Referee. Sebastien Siani was initially dismissed in a case of mistaken identity before the error was corrected. Colombian referee Wilmar Roldan consulted the VAR after a high challenge by Mabouka on Germany's Emre Can led to Cameroon captain Siani wrongfully receiving a yellow card. Switching the colour of Siani's card to red was the initial outcome. It was not until Cameroon's players insisted he review the incident again that the referee realized his error, rescinded Siani's dismissal, and sent off the correct culprit Mabouka. "The referee didn't give any explanation," said Cameroon coach Hugo Broos. "First of all he gave a red card against Siani, then the video ref called him back and told him it was the wrong player, so Mabouka was sent off. "Both players [Can and Mabouka] had their legs high, so I don't see why he had to give a red card. I think everyone is confused "I didn't understand it and I still don't understand it now. "I think this is something for the referee. He and he alone can explain what happened in that incident. " As Group B winners, Germany will face Mexico in the last four in Sochi, Russia. Portugal will play Chile in the other semi-final.
Solihull Council announced that an investigation would be carried out in response to a complaint regarding the post made by Conservative Councillor Ken Hawkins, which stated "Lets get ourselves a hangin!" in reply to an image of protesters outside Kensington Town Hall shared by Guardian journalist Martin Belam. An "unreserved" apology has been issued by Mr. Hawkins. See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here. The tweet, which has since been deleted, was posted on Friday. It came after protests were held as residents demanded support for those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire, and more information about what happened. Council leader Bob Sleigh said he had taken "immediate action" to suspend Mr Hawkins and would take over his responsibilities as cabinet member for the environment, housing and regeneration in the interim. "In light of the complaint related to Cllr Hawkins' comments on social media, an investigation will now take place led by the council's monitoring officer in line with the council's standards procedure," he said. In an apology posted to Twitter on Monday, Mr Hawkins said: "I fully appreciate that my tweet on Friday which related to the protest outside and inside the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea council offices may have caused offence and I unreservedly apologise for that. "In no way whatsoever was the short message directed at the unfortunate victims of the Grenfell Tower fire and I am distraught that some people have interpreted it in this way. ".
The event was held on the waterfront for the first time, having replaced traditional displays in suburban parks in Liverpool and Wirral. Hundreds of people later took to social media to lambast what some described as a "rubbish" and "disappointing" night. Council officer Claire McColgan said the council would "assess feedback". The event was designed so crowds could line both sides of the River Mersey to watch fireworks launched from barges. But, some spectators said the fireworks were too far away, while others bemoaned the lack of musical accompaniment. Posting on Twitter, Zoe Whittingham said: "Travel to Liverpool to see the firework display on the docks and what a load of rubbish! No music and the worst fireworks I've seen!" Caitlin Austin wrote: "The fireworks on the docks tonight were so disappointing. Liverpool City Council what were you playing at?" Alexandra Jones said: "Such a disappointment! No atmosphere and poorly organised!" However, some people defended the event. Music Mafia said: "It wasn't all bad. The warm up event was brilliant. " Nicola Bolton  said: "Great view, great fireworks. "Heaving was Liverpool!" Ms McColgan, Liverpool City Council's head of culture, admitted plans for a smartphone app to allow people to listen to music during the display were not made clear. She also insisted the warm-up event, which featured drumming and aircraft pyrotechnics, had been a success She said: "We tried to do something new this year. Some people didn't like it, some did. We will take whatever lessons have been learned into next year. "In terms of the fireworks on the river, the Mersey is so big and there are challenges around that. The drumming and the planes were brilliant. "Ms McColgan said the council would definitely consider bringing displays back to local parks next year." " A council spokesman said the authority would like to point out that the fireworks themselves were funded by the private sector.
Chasing Namibia's 146-9, the Irish sneaked home with two balls to spare, helped by Gary Wilson's unbeaten 38 and two late Andy McBrine boundaries. Earlier, Louis van der Westhuizen struck 50 for the Namibians with fellow opener Stephan Baard contributing 32. They put on 81 for the first wicket in 8. A big total of 4 overs seemed likely. After van der Westhuizen was dismissed, the Namibian innings suffered a loss of momentum, with two wickets each taken by O'Brien, Joshua Little, Craig Young, and Jacob Mulder. Stuart Poynter also scored 38 runs for Ireland, while O'Brien contributed with 22 runs. It was great to be among the runs and to get the winning feeling again After the departures of Paul Stirling and skipper William Porterfield left the Irish on 25-2 after 3. 4 overs, Poynter and O'Brien put on 48 for the third wicket before they were out in quick succession to leave the innings on 83-4. At that stage, Ireland looked to be running out of batsmen but Wilson and Greg Thompson produced a crucial 45 partnership before McBrine's two boundaries in the final over helped guide the Irish to victory. After losing their opener against Afghanistan on Saturday, the Irish needed a victory to get their qualification hopes back on track. Victory against the United Arab Emirates, the hosts, in Dubai on Wednesday will guarantee the Irish a place in the semi-finals on Friday, with the final also taking place on the same day. "It was great to be among the runs to see the team over the line and get the winning feeling again," said wicketkeeper Wilson who has joined Derbyshire from Surrey. "It is a winner takes all contest against the hosts on Wednesday. We have a good record against the UAE so hopefully we can continue that in what is a big game for both teams. " Wilson acknowledged the role played in Tuesday's win by Ireland's stand-in opener Stuart Poynter - the Durham man a late call-up to the squad after injuries to Andrew Balbirnie and Stuart Thompson. "All credit to Stu Poynter, as it's never easy coming in to a side when you haven't been selected first. He's a very clean striker of the ball and we saw that today," added Wilson.
When Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie introduced Derby actor Jack O'Connell with the phrase "ay up me duck" at an awards ceremony she left most members of the audience baffled. Now American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton has used the phrase too, and even Prince Harry has said it in the past. After eight years of living in Nottingham - and working in Nottingham, Derby and Leicester - I've become used to people calling me "duck" or "ducky", or greeting me by saying "ay up". But I have to confess I can only remember people saying "ay up me duck" to me in an ironic way. I phone up Nottingham artist Dave Bishop, who dresses as Elvis and famously beat the Liberal Democrats in a by-election. Mr Bishop, 71, answers the phone by saying "Hiya ducky", and says he regularly uses the full phrase "ay up me duck" in normal conversation. "I grew up in Broxtowe, the council estate, and we always talked like that," he says. "In working class circles they still say ay up me duck, but maybe the younger generation don't. "I would imagine it's probably more for my generation that were brought up in the 50s and 60s. " Mr Bishop says people are more likely to say "ducky" to girls or women, while duck or "midduck" is used to address both sexes. "Middle class people often give me a funny look when you say 'midduck'," he says. He remembers a woman telling him off for saying "midduck" in the 1970s, because she felt the term was sexist. "Alright me babber?" - Bristol "Alright/alreet chuck" or "Hiya love" - Lancashire "Alright Yessir?" -  Isle of Man "Alright cock/cocker" - Manchester & Wolverhampton "Kidda" - Liverpool and Manchester "Lad" or "La" - Liverpool "Hey duck" - Stoke "Alright my lover" - Bristol "Alreet hinny" - Tyneside "My luvver" - West Country "All right, bor?" - Norfolk and Suffolk "Ay up cock" and "How you doing, cock?" - Barnsley "Aye up luv" and "Nah then, luv" - Sheffield "Alright Babby" or "bab" - Birmingham "Hen" - Glasgow "She said that word is evil, or something like that," says Mr Bishop. "I said 'Napalm bombing is evil, and if you don't like the word 'midduck' you had better leave Nottingham'. "I'm not ashamed of it, I think it's great, and I don't think it's sexist either. " Natalie Braber, a linguist from Nottingham Trent University who specialises in regional dialect, finds it interesting that "duck" can be used to address both men and women. "I'm from Glasgow, where people say hen, and in Glasgow you can only say it for a woman," says Dr Braber. She said the work "duck" probably originates from the Anglo-Saxon term ducas, used to show someone respect. "I think it's a thing that you only hear in the East Midlands and the Stoke type area," says Dr Braber. "Ay up", sometimes written as "ayup", "ey up", "eh up" and even "aye up", could originate from an old Norse term meaning "watch out", she says. She says it is common to hear "ay up" by itself, but less common to hear the full phrase "ay up me duck". It could be that people are using the phrase as a way of emphasising their local identity, she adds. This could be why the phrase is used by actor O'Connell, who taught his co-star Jolie to use it while they were working on the film Unbroken. O'Connell likes to emphasise his Derby roots, even tweeting in a way that hints at his Derby accent, and reportedly turning George Clooney into a Derby County FC fan. Nottingham and Derby are fierce rivals when it comes to football and there is also rivalry between the neighbouring cities when it comes to ownership of the phrase "ay up me duck". Ms Hargreaves, who runs a gift shop in Nottingham called Dukki, has experienced this rivalry. "I'm from Leicestershire so my dad always said 'me duck' anyway. " She said people often come into the shop and buy merchandise with the phrase "ay up me duck" on because they remember their older relatives saying it. People also buy gifts for East Midlands expats who are proud of their roots - including one man living in America who has a car registration plate with "AY UP 1" on it. "I find it so endearing," she says. "People are quite shocked when they hear someone calling them duck and they don't always know what it means. "But it's such a friendly thing to say, I think. ".
An inquiry was ordered after a young black man, Freddie Gray, died in police custody in April of last year, sparking Baltimore's worst riots for decades. The report found African-Americans had been disproportionately targeted. Unjustified strip searches were conducted while in one arrest, a black man's weapon was listed as "his mouth". In recent years, the justice department has conducted similar investigations into the police in Chicago, Cleveland, Albuquerque and Ferguson, Missouri. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake responded to Wednesday's report by promising speedy reforms. The statistics are damning and the individual cases studies are alarming. The report talks of one black man being stopped 30 times in four years without ever being charged and 60 cases of the police being accused of using the N-word in interactions with black people, though only one of those incidents being recorded as the use of a racial slur. But the report's findings seem to have surprised very few here. The feeling among many is that American policing is beset with systemic racism, with Baltimore having a particularly bad record. The fact that around 40% of the city's police force is now African American does not appear to have been enough to turn things around. The Department of Justice has recommended a push towards community policing, a style of law enforcement that has been resisted by forces in other parts of the country. "Over the next few months, we will put in place a concrete plan for change and a new culture - for the good of the city, the police department and the people it protects," she said in a statement. The report runs to 163 pages. Reporters were told by Vanita Gupta, the head of the justice department's civil rights division, that the practices of the Baltimore Police Department had "deeply eroded" trust between officers and the community. She said, "We conclude that there is reasonable cause to believe that BPD engages in a pattern of practice of conduct that violates the constitution and federal anti-discrimination law. " BPD Commissioner Kevin Davis said people were right to be indignant at police behaviour as described in the report. "Citizens can't be expected to respect an agency if the trust of that agency is breached. There are several instances in this report in which that fragile trust has been breached. " Guilty police officers have been fired, he added. The head of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, a leading African-American civil rights organisation, said the report confirmed "what many African-American residents of Baltimore have known and lived too long". Sherrilyn Ifill said the report's findings had laid "bare the harsh reality of discriminatory policing in a major American city''. She urged "residents, community groups and leading city institutions to marshal their resources and prepare for the long haul to find a way forward". Freddie Gray, 25, suffered a broken neck while he was handcuffed and shackled but left unrestrained in the back of a police van on 12 April 2015. Six police officers were arrested on charges which ranged from involuntary manslaughter to misconduct in office but none was convicted. Brian Rice, aged 41: Mr Rice was one of the three officers who first encountered Gray while on a bicycle patrol and participated in the initial arrest. He was charged with involuntary manslaughter, second degree assault and misconduct in office, among other charges. His trial began on 7 July but he was found not guilty on all counts on 18 July. Edward Nero, 29: Another one of the three bicycle patrol officers who first encountered Gray. Mr Nero was charged with second degree assault, misconduct in office and reckless endangerment. He went to trial but was found not guilty on all counts in May. Garrett Miller, 26: The third of the three officers who first encountered Gray. Mr Miller was charged with second degree assault, misconduct in office and reckless endangerment. His trial was due to begin on 27 July but all charges against him were dropped the same day. William Porter, 25: Became involved after the initial arrest. Mr Porter was charged with involuntary manslaughter, second degree assault, misconduct in office and reckless endangerment for not summoning any medical assistance despite being asked twice by Gray. After his first trial ended in a mistrial in December, he was put on trial again last month but the charges were dropped. Alicia White, 30: Ms White was accused by the prosecution of failing to call for medical assistance for Gray when he was in obvious distress. She was charged with involuntary manslaughter, second degree assault and misconduct in office. Her trial was due to begin in October but all charges against her have been dropped. Caesar Goodson Jr, 45: Mr Goodson was the driver of the van in which Gray was held. Charged with second-degree "depraved-heart" murder and manslaughter by vehicle, among other charges, he stood trial in June, but he was found not guilty on all charges.
At about 20:00 BST on Sunday, police were summoned to a unit at Derwent Works, Matlock Road, Ambergate, after receiving reports of a man who had been injured. The man, thought to be 19 years old, was pronounced dead in hospital later. A file is being prepared for the coroner, although the force does not suspect any suspicious circumstances surrounding the death.
Leszek Puchala, 52, got caught in a riptide while swimming at Sea Palling, just north of Great Yarmouth, on Saturday. An inquest at Norfolk Coroner's Court in Norwich heard attempts were made to rescue him but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Coroner Jacqueline Lake said he had been visiting from Poland. Mr Puchala, who lived in Malyszyn Gorny, had been staying with his son Sebastian. His son identified his body to police at the beach. A post-mortem examination at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital gave the cause of death as drowning. The incident unfolded after a group of swimmers got into difficulty in a riptide, leading to the hearing being adjourned for a full inquest at the Norfolk Coroner's Court on 28 October, as stated by the coastguard. Mr. Puchala, unconscious from the waves, could not be revived, while a second man in his 20s was taken to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital and was understood to be in a stable condition. Neil Ramsay, 44, of Norwich, was at the beach and tried to rescue the swimmers. He said there was a Polish family who were shouting in Polish, but as he did not understand the language it was almost three minutes before he realised their shouts were of panic. He said he wished he had realised and gone to help sooner. "It would be great to have a universal cry for help," he added. Norfolk Police also issued safety advice in light of the beach tragedy.
The Seasiders' Andy Taylor came close to the opening goal after five minutes, curling just over from 20 yards. Wycombe were denied by the woodwork in the 25th minute as Michael Harriman's looping 20-yard strike came back off the crossbar. Harriman came close again nine minutes later but sent a header straight at goalkeeper Sam Slocombe, while at the other end Brad Potts met Mark Cullen's cross but nodded wide from three yards. Wycombe started the second half on the front foot as Adebayo Akinfenwa brought the ball down and unleashed a powerful 25-yard strike which was inches over the bar. On the hour mark, a cleverly-worked low corner created a chance for Blackpool but Potts fired over from eight yards. The hosts almost snatched a winner in the 81st minute, forcing Blackman to produce a fingertip save to deny Cullen from 12 yards before the on-loan Chelsea youngster pushed Jim McAlister's 25-yard strike wide. Report supplied by Press Association. The match between Blackpool and Wycombe Wanderers concludes with a 0-0 tie as the second half ends. Missed attempt. Kelvin Mellor (Blackpool) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right following a corner. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Joe Jacobson. Attempt blocked. Mark Cullen (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Armand Gnanduillet (Blackpool) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Wycombe Wanderers. Conceded by Jim McAlister. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Jamal Blackman. Attempt saved. Jim McAlister (Blackpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Jamal Blackman. Attempt saved. Mark Cullen (Blackpool) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Paul Hayes (Wycombe Wanderers) is shown the yellow card. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Anthony Stewart. Attempt blocked. Brad Potts (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Colin Daniel (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Sido Jombati (Wycombe Wanderers). Attempt missed. Kelvin Mellor (Blackpool) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top right corner following a corner. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Aaron Pierre. Attempt missed. Paul Hayes (Wycombe Wanderers) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Attempt missed. Armand Gnanduillet (Blackpool) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Foul by Colin Daniel (Blackpool). Sido Jombati (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Paul Hayes replaces Adebayo Akinfenwa. Attempt missed. Marcus Bean (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Attempt blocked. Nick Freeman (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Danny Pugh (Blackpool) is shown the yellow card. Foul by Danny Pugh (Blackpool). Marcus Bean (Wycombe Wanderers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Clark Robertson (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Adebayo Akinfenwa (Wycombe Wanderers). Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Matt Bloomfield replaces Dan Rowe because of an injury. Substitution, Blackpool. Armand Gnanduillet replaces Bright Samuel. Substitution, Wycombe Wanderers. Dayle Southwell replaces Garry Thompson. Attempt missed. Brad Potts (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right following a corner. Corner,  Blackpool. Conceded by Dan Rowe. Attempt missed. Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Jim McAlister (Blackpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Marcus Bean (Wycombe Wanderers). Corner,  Wycombe Wanderers. Conceded by Andy Taylor. Foul by Colin Daniel (Blackpool).
Its harsh landscape of barren plains, freezing winters and scorching summers has kept human habitation to small number of nomadic camel breeders eking out a solitary existence. But with the recent discoveries of copper, gold and coal, the era of isolation is rapidly coming to an end. The Gobi is now seeing a flood of geologists, miners, investors and speculators, all in search of the enormous mineral wealth lying below its desolate surface. "Mongolia has finally arrived on the global mining scene," investment banker Bold Baatar recently told a delegation of coal mining executives attending a conference in the capital Ulan Bator. "Over the next five to 10 years we are going to produce a world class mining industry that will rival Chile or Brazil. " Until recently, Mongolia's nascent mining industry had been based on artisanal gold mining, small-scale oil joint ventures with China and a 50-year-old copper mine built by the Soviets. But a tidal wave of bigger deals is transforming the entire industry. Canada-based Ivanhoe Mines is currently building a $5bn (Â£3bn) mine, with production set to start within 18 months. The Oyu Tolgoi deposit has the potential to become one of the world's top three copper producing mines and could single-handedly boost Mongolia's gross domestic product (GDP) by one third. But despite the magnitude of the deal, Oyu Tolgoi has fallen out of the headlines as the government is moving onto equally spectacular mining projects. Teed up next is Tavan Tolgoi, a high-grade coal deposit with six billion tonnes of reserves. The deposit is rich in coking coal, a necessary element in the production of steel, convenient for Mongolia as the world's largest steel industry lies just across the border in China. The Chinese market is the obvious one - but in order to diversify its clients, the government is pursuing a plan to build a 1,000km (621-mile) rail link to Russia, where the coal can be sent along the Trans-Siberian railway to Far East ports, providing Mongolian coal with access to Japan, Korea and Taiwan. Planned are power plants, coal washing plants, and oil refineries as the supply chain is lining up to fill in other gaps created by Mongolia's basic infrastructure. Banking, transport and service industries are all just waking up to the potential. "Mongolia lags behind in many areas," Deputy Prime Minister Altanhuyag Norov told the conference delegates. "But the government is striving to offer a favourable investment environment. We are reducing bureaucracy, building up mining-related infrastructure and striving to ensure transparency and international standards. " Some of the world's biggest mining companies are courting the Mongolian government to get a piece of the action at Tavan Tolgoi. A tender process will determine which company has the right to join the state-owned Erdenes Tavan Tolgoi (ETT), which holds the mining license. Peabody Energy, Xstrata and Vale are a few of the mining companies still in the fray. Billions are needed to construct the mine so plans are under way to sell shares of ETT on the open market. Average Mongolians could also reap benefits from the initial public offering of the shares as the government has promised every citizen 536 shares of common stock in the mining company. If successful, the dividends could lift thousands of Mongolians out of abject poverty. "There is no question that GDP will double in five years and triple in 10 years," says Bold Baatar, a one-time Wall Street banker who recently returned to Mongolia to explore new opportunities here. Baatar predicts that in a decade per capita income could exceed $10,000, well above the current per capita GDP of about $3,200. But as a developing country with entrenched graft and an inexperienced democracy, there are clear obstacles ahead. Many fear the nation's wealth will remain in the hands of a small class of the mega-rich. "Whether we end up as Norway or Nigeria remains an open question," says Mr Bold, referring to oil-based wealth distribution schemes developed by the Norwegian government. The key, says Mr Bold, is to avoid rash decisions. "It's not a slam dunk - but I think over the long term as long as we are not rushing to develop these resources, I think the country will be prosperous. ".
Senior civil servant Dr Andrew McCormick was giving evidence to the Economy Committee. He was speaking ahead of a vote on plans to reduce subsidy rates for those in the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme. He said proposed changes to the botched scheme are the best way to "stop the haemorrhage of funds" from it. The Northern Ireland Executive attempted to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources through the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme. Nevertheless, businesses ended up receiving more in subsidies than they were paying for renewable fuel, causing the scheme to become majorly oversubscribed. The fallout from the scandal, which is approximately Â£490m over budget, resulted in the collapse of Stormont's institutions and the calling of snap elections on 2 March. A vote on the plans to reduce subsidy rates is to take place on Monday afternoon. An "overwhelming strong option" to stop the flow of unregulated spending was described by Dr McCormick, the permanent secretary in the Department for the Economy, who said the proposed changes. The proposals include a recommendation to replace the uncapped subsidy with a tiered one, which would reduce payments after a certain number of usage hours. It would also introduce a usage cap after which no subsidy would be paid. Dr McCormick confirmed that a special adviser, rather than officials, had come up with the plan. The SPAD was not within the Department for the Economy, he added. DUP SPAD John Robinson stood back from involvement in sorting out the RHI overspend after it emerged last week that his father-in-law was a recipient of the subsidy. Mr McCormick said Mr Robinson had not been party to discussions about the proposed cost controls before or after Christmas and had not been involved in the decision to introduce the planned changes. Meanwhile, businesses involved in the RHI scheme have received letters about plans to publish their names. Those who had objected to their names being published had their applications for anonymity assessed on a case-by-case basis. Their names will be put into the public domain, some have now been told. The information will be released on Wednesday by the Department for the Economy, as they are told in the letter that the "public interest overrides your objections". Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness resigned as deputy first minister earlier this month after DUP leader Arlene Foster refused to stand aside as first minster while an investigation was carried out into the RHI debacle. As they hold a joint office, his resignation automatically put the DUP leader out of her job and prompted the calling of snap elections on 2 March.
Figures from the British Bankers Association (BBA) show that 38,751 house-purchase mortgages were offered in March, up from 37,453 in February. That is the highest number for 6 months, but 14% lower than a year ago. The BBA said that one reason for the improving picture was the low mortgage rates on offer. Lenders have continued to cut rates, as the prospect of the Bank of England raising interest rates has receded. Available now are five-year fixed rates for less than 2% a year. "The third successive modest rise in mortgage approvals ties in with our belief that housing market activity is now gradually turning around," said Howard Archer, chief European and UK economist with IHS Global Insight. Last week the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) - which represents building societies as well - reported a similar picture of gradually improving lending. The BBA said more people were also borrowing money from banks in the form of loans or overdrafts. Consumer borrowing rose by Â£400m in March, compared to February. The BBA said that reflected improved consumer confidence.
The RMT, stating there was "no climb down," emphasized that protecting staff against mass sackings was their duty. Seeking to overturn the new contracts, the union confirmed that planned industrial action would still proceed. Southern Rail welcomed the news that the union "had seen sense". The rail operator and union have been embroiled in a dispute over plans to allow drivers to open and close train doors. The RMT had argued the plans would affect passengers' safety. General secretary Mick Cash said: "There is no climb down. We have a duty to issue our members with clear legal advice that protects their position in the teeth of the threat of mass sackings. "That is what we have done. " Conductors were told they would be sacked at the end of the year if they did not accept the new roles. The rail company said the new on-board supervisor positions would be guaranteed until 2021 with no loss of pay or overtime. Southern had offered conductors Â£2,000 if they accepted the new contracts by 6 October. CEO of parent company Govia Thameslink Railway, Charles Horton, stated that it is welcomed that the RMT has finally seen sense. "They reject an offer one day, tell conductors to sign up to the role the next." "Their own union has lost them each a Â£2,000 bonus which was on offer last Thursday only to tell them to sign-up 24 hours later. " Strike dates announced by the RMT:.
Longford in Hillingdon could be demolished if a third runway is built at neighbouring Heathrow Airport. A hotel is providing accommodation in houses it has bought for asylum seekers, including those from the so-called "Jungle" in Calais. The Home Office said it has tried to address residents' concerns. It has said decisions about the use of hotel accommodation, including which premises are used, are a matter for the contractors who bear the cost. It would not say how many asylum seekers were being sent to Longford, but said rooms were used for one or two days before asylum seekers were dispersed into temporary accommodation. BBC London filmed two coaches and three van loads arriving in one day carrying people from Iran, Sudan, Eritrea and Syria. Many of those on board said they had come from the so-called "Jungle". Arriving three days later, another two coaches were witnessed. Ray, 85, has lived in Longford for 50 years. He said asylum seekers were accommodated in the houses either side of his. "They meet and they have conversations in the middle of my front garden," he said. "We don't know where they come from, we don't know what they are and we are living next door to them, albeit they might be very nice people. " The hotel, Heathrow Lodge, also rents rooms to travellers using the airport. Booking websites confirm a room can cost Â£30 a night per person, less per person if sharing. Neither the Home Office nor the hotel would say how much is paid per asylum seeker. BBC London booked a room and met eight men all staying in one house. They were asylum seekers from Sudan and Eritrea and said a few days earlier they had been sleeping rough in the camp in Calais. Mogdad from Sudan said he had paid a people trafficker 500 euros (Â£370) in Calais to get to the UK. "He said that he had no choice. He had to get away from death." " Villager Ray said: "The coaches turn up  - about 20, 30 people get off, and they're transferred to all the houses that are around the village. " Longford resident Leon, said: "You know, (with) what's going on around the world at the moment, they've got a right to move from dangerous areas, but it's just saturated where I live, with immigrants. "I chose to live here with the aeroplanes, but I didn't choose to live here with the three to four coaches a day moving in and out, and especially at night-time as well. The villagers insist they are not being racist. Rana Saif, who runs one of the local pubs was born in Pakistan and moving to Longford from Sweden three years ago. "No racists here," he said. He claimed the numbers of asylum seekers staying in the village had hit his takings. "No-one comes here, when they are standing 20, 80 people outside on the road, on the walls. "I am going to move from here, as soon as. "It was good before the immigrants came. " While the future of the village may be bound by the government's decision over whether to build a new runway at Heathrow, residents say they want something done. The use of hotels was only ever acceptable as a short-term contingency measure, contractors were made clear by the Home Office. Earlier this year, Hillingdon Council received three complaints and looked into claims of overcrowded rooms, putting in additional licensing arrangements for the hotel. The hotel manager did not wish to be interviewed or to give a statement. However, in a recent meeting with some villagers he said he was sorry people were unhappy. He wanted to make it better, and in future no more than 40 asylum seekers would be staying at any one time.
And this week's net migration figures will only add fuel to the argument. Suddenly it's difficult to find anyone who has anything good to say about it at all. But the recently installed Chancellor of the University of Birmingham Lord Karan Bilimoria says there is such a thing as "good immigration". The Indian-born founder of the Cobra Beer empire told the Mail on Sunday earlier this month that Britain would pay a high price for its latest clampdown, which includes tougher rules on student visas. He said David Cameron had made a "big mistake" by promising "unattainable" targets from which the home secretary now admits the government has been "blown off course". In his hard-hitting interview, Lord Bilimoria said: "The number of international students to Britain fell for the first time last year. And the number from India have collapsed by over 20%. "Why? Because the government has an immigration policy that is sending out very damaging signals. Theresa May should be challenged by me to reveal the number of illegal immigrants. She is clueless because they have lost control over illegal immigration. " Instead, he said there should be new targets to increase the numbers of international students. France plans to double its number of students from India by 2020. One of the elite Russell Group of research-led universities here in the Midlands is the University of Birmingham. According to Warwick, its 5,000-plus international students bring in fees totalling nearly £90m, which is then reinvested to the benefit of British students. "The government may say Britain is open for business but they're sending out a message that's not so welcoming," Warwick said. The University of Birmingham, which charges slightly lower fees, has 4,500 international students, bringing in a total of nearly Â£60m. Oh to have been a fly on the wall during this week's visit to India by Lord Bilimoria, accompanied by his vice chancellor and led by the universities minister Greg Clark. Lord Bilimoria, four months into his role as chancellor, appears intent on not just being a ceremonial figurehead. There are indications that he may leave a lasting impression, much like the vibrant coat he wore on that memorable day. And he will be one of our studio guests on this weekend's Sunday Politics show in the Midlands. I will also be joined by the Conservative MP for The Wrekin Mark Pritchard and by the Labour MP for Birmingham Perry Barr Khalid Mahmood. And I hope you will be with me me too, at 11:00 GMT on BBC One on Sunday.
Posts from the divided northern city of Aleppo have for months been almost exclusively about bombings, destruction and the suffering of civilians, even before government forces renewed their siege of rebel-held eastern districts where some 250,000 people live. But less than 24 hours after the truce began, Aleppo residents were suggesting that life was slowly returning to normal - or at least as normal as could be expected under the circumstances. Reports backed up by social media indicated that the cessation of hostilities was broadly holding. Updates were initially provided by many users on whether government and rebel forces were abiding by the agreement announced on Saturday by Russia and US, who back opposing sides. As the truce entered its second day, they had switched to sharing photos of celebrations for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which also happened to start on Monday. After several very difficult months, there was a sense of relief and cautious optimism. Shopping at markets in rebel-held areas in the northern provinces of Aleppo or Idlib, an activity that was fraught with danger only a few days ago, was shown in some photos. Children were pictured laughing and playing in devastated streets and attending parties at which they could enjoy colouring and playing with balloons. Several boys were even seen playing on an unexploded bomb in one Aleppo district. In Jarablus, a northern border town where militants from so-called Islamic State were recently ousted by Turkish-backed rebel forces, residents were seen celebrating Eid on the streets. Pictures of smiling children and dancing fighters in the town centre were widely circulated. However, not all the material shared on social media was so positive. Some Twitter users reported violations of the truce, describing clashes in Aleppo, Idlib and parts of Damascus province. Others were cautious about the long-term prospects of the initiative. It is too early to tell whether the truce will hold and the calm last, but after five years of war Syrians are clinging to this moment of hope.
The country's biggest company, Agrokor, which owns the supermarkets, is teetering on the brink of collapse. And if it does fall, the impact will reverberate across the Balkans. When big national chains have collapsed elsewhere, like BHS and Woolworths in the UK, the impact on jobs and high streets has been brutal. But Croatia has only four million people - and 60,000 of them are directly employed by Agrokor. If this company went down, the repercussions would be far wider than the 1,000 or so spaces where its Konzum supermarkets currently stand. "The collapse of Agrokor could cause a recession," says Croatia's Economy Minister Martina Dalic. "Its core company, Konzum, has 2,500 suppliers, which employ more than 150,000 people. There is a systemic risk if Agrokor is faced with bankruptcy. " Agrokor's revenues are worth more than 15% of Croatia's total GDP. Their governments were so worried about the threat of collapse that they held a ministerial summit on the crisis, as the company also has considerable interests in Slovenia, Bosnia, Serbia, and Montenegro. The problem is that the company has debts of more than â‚¬6bn (Â£5bn; $6. 7bn), largely the legacy of an attempt to become the dominant regional retailer. It took out loans to fund the purchase of Slovenian rival Mercator in 2014. Now it is unable to repay them. The government has appointed a restructuring team to take control of the business and save what it can. It seems like a classic case of corporate goals running ahead of financial reality. But Ms Dalic has some sympathy with Agrokor's ambition. "Should the size of a company be related to the size of the economy? That would mean Croatian companies are doomed to stay small," she says. "And if they stay small, they're obviously not competitive enough. At the center of this crisis stands Croatia's wealthiest individual, Ivica Todoric. Legend has it that his transition from a modest florist to a tycoon residing in a castle was achieved solely through dedication and hard work. But he cultivated the right political connections and built his considerable fortune by snapping up formerly state-owned businesses. Before the crisis, he owned almost all of Agrokor, and appointed family members to key management positions. But as the clouds around the company darkened, he handed control over to the Croatian government. Nenad Zakosek, a professor of political science at Zagreb University, believes the tycoon was given too much leeway by political allies, with disastrous consequences. "He has enjoyed very specific privileges and special deals involving, for example, usage of land and water," he says. This epitomises the whole path of development: political and clientelist capitalism. The crisis and collapse of this business model show Croatia must do something about this" The tills are still ringing at Konzum. But there are signs that the crisis is deepening, with consumers starting to desert the supermarket for rival retailers. One Croatian newspaper reported a sales slump of more than 10% in the year to April. This is bad news for tens of thousands of workers worried about the future, and not just in Croatia. Slovenia, Bosnia and Serbia also have large numbers of Agrokor employees. All of them will be hoping that Agrokor really is too big to fail.
The 19-year-old was initially expected to feature for the England Under-21 side in friendlies against Germany and Denmark next weekend. But with England forwards Harry Kane and Wayne Rooney both ruled out through injury, Rashford will be called up. Before a World Cup qualifier against Lithuania at Wembley on 26 March, England will face Germany away in a friendly. Having collected six senior caps, Rashford made a goal-scoring debut for England in a 2-1 win over Australia in May last year. He was a late inclusion for Manchester United in their 1-0 FA Cup defeat by Chelsea on Monday, having been omitted from the initial squad due to illness. Rooney, the England captain, was unable to participate in Manchester United's trip to the capital due to a leg injury he suffered in a training ground collision. Additionally, Tottenham striker Harry Kane had to leave the match against Millwall on Sunday after sustaining an ankle injury. Spurs said the injury is similar to the one Kane picked up against Sunderland on 18 September.
The shadow mental health minister and MP for Liverpool Wavertree said she was "flattered" that people had asked her to stand for the "metro mayor" role. Another Liverpool MP, Steve Rotheram, is also considering seeking Labour's nomination, the BBC's Arif Ansari said. Elections are scheduled for mayor of the Liverpool City Region in 2017, which includes five Merseyside councils - Liverpool, St Helens, Knowsley, Sefton and Wirral - as well as Halton in Cheshire. If they decide to run, Ms Berger and Mr Rotheram will be up against competition for Labour's nomination from the current mayor of Liverpool, Joe Anderson, who has already confirmed his intention to stand. Ms Berger added: "I will be consulting with family, friends and members of my constituency Labour Party in the coming days, before reaching a decision on whether to put my hat in the ring. " Ministers have championed the idea of regional elected mayors in exchange for the devolution of powers from Whitehall. Labour's former shadow home secretary Andy Burnham said last week he was considering putting himself forward for a similar role in Greater Manchester.
IBM, which wanted to avoid the cost of upgrading the unit's technology, said it would now focus on cloud computing, mobile and big data analytics. IBM will take a $4. As a result of the sale, there was a $7bn charge in the third quarter. IBM announced a 17% drop in third quarter profit, with IBM saying it made $3. 5bn profit for the three months to the end of September, with revenues down 4% to $22. 4bn. "We are disappointed in our performance," chief executive Ginni Rometty said. Ms Rometty blamed a "marked slowdown" in client buying behaviour for the drop in sales, which were lower than analysts had expected. Reflecting "the unprecedented pace of change in our industry," she said the results. IBM is attempting to adapt to industry-wide changes and has been restructuring to concentrate on its software products. The disposal of the unprofitable chip making business is the latest step by Ms Rometty to sharpen this focus. IBM said the sale would enable it to "focus on fundamental semiconductor and material science research, development capabilities and commitment to delivering future semiconductor technologies". GlobalFoundries said it would offer jobs to all IBM employees affected. IBM will spread the $1. 5bn payment to GlobalFoundries over the next three years. GlobalFoundries will receive intellectual property and technologies related to the chip business under the terms of the deal. "In our opinion, IBM needs to find success and growth in the cloud through organic and acquisitive means, otherwise there could be some darker days ahead for the tech giant," said FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives.
Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin told MPs it was now thought what happened "was not a drone incident". Air accident investigators said they had not ruled out a drone but had no evidence to support the suggestion. An investigation was launched after the pilot of a BA flight from Geneva on 17 April said an object struck the plane. At the time the Metropolitan Police said the plane was flying at about 1,700ft (580m) over the area of Richmond Park, in south west London, at the time of the incident. Even if the Heathrow drone strike wasn't a drone at all, and we'll never know for sure, the near misses are coming at an alarming rate. The latest statistics show that on Valentine's Day, a drone came within 20 to 150ft of an Airbus A320 near Biggin Hill in Kent. The British Airways plane was flying at 12,500 feet. Drones are not meant to go above 400ft. Reported by the crew, it was "six feet wide with a red flashing light". Over in seconds, there was no time to react and the drone operator was never found. There were 40 drone near misses in 2015 and just nine the year before. Therefore, there are urgent calls for action to prevent an accident. Numerous pilots believe that it is only a matter of time before a drone collides with an aircraft, and they are uncertain about the potential consequences if such an event were to occur. But BBC Transport Correspondent Richard Westcott said air accident investigators had stopped their investigation because "there is nothing to look at". Our correspondent suggested that the item that hit the front of the aircraft could have been "floating debris". He added that they lack any evidence to determine the true nature of the object. The Airbus A320 was carrying 132 passengers and five crew as it approached the airport. It landed safely. The incident had been thought to be the first drone collision with an aircraft in the UK. Criticism is drawn by London music video drone footage, questioning whether drones are dangerous or harmless fun. The head of the International Air Transport Association, Tony Tyler, issued a warning earlier this year that drones operated by the general public pose a real and growing threat to civilian aircraft, according to the UK Airprox Board, responsible for investigating near-miss incidents in UK airspace, which states that there have been a number of serious near-misses at UK airports involving drones.
The unnamed man was one of 16 people arrested in raids on Sunday. The rest have been released without charge. Brussels' highest security threat level will be maintained by Belgian PM Charles Michel, who warned of an imminent threat. However, schools and the metro are set to reopen on Wednesday as planned by authorities. The co-ordinated assaults in Paris on 13 November - claimed by so-called Islamic State (IS) - left 130 people dead. A statement from the federal prosecutor's office said the man had been charged with "participating in activities of a terrorist group and with [a] terrorist attack". Of a further five people arrested on Monday morning, two have been released, while "further enquiries" are under way regarding the others, the prosecutor said. Mohammed Amri, 27, and Hamza Attou, 20, have already been charged with aiding Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam, who remains at large. A third, unnamed suspect has also been charged. French police said they found an object that appeared to be an explosives belt in a bin in the Paris suburb of Montrouge on Monday, in a separate development. The item is being examined. Mobile phone data suggest that Salah Abdeslam - whose brother died in the attacks - was in that area late on the night of the attack. Today, as I walked through the Royal Gallery of St Hubert, the iconic and beautifully ornate shopping arcade in the heart of Brussels, I found that I could count on one hand the number of shoppers present. Only one of the famous chocolatiers has opened, with armed soldiers guarding outside, and it has barely any customers. Two Danish tourists select some delicate, pastel macarons, looking over their shoulders as I enter. "We can admit we're scared," Delilah tells me, "We were told by the hotel manager not to come here, but we thought we'd take a chance. Buy presents for the family and leave quickly. " Eva, behind the counter, says her boss told her she could have the day off if she was afraid, but decided to come in. "I feel I'd be letting myself down if I didn't come in today, even if no-one comes in to be served," she says. Universities, schools, large stores, shopping centres and the metro system were closed in Brussels on Monday as the highest security alert remained in place for a third day. Armed police patrolled the normally bustling streets of the capital. Announcing that the state of alert would remain at level four for another week, Mr Michel stressed "we must all progressively get back to a normal life". The rest of Belgium remains on alert level three, meaning an attack is seen as possible and credible. France has stepped up security in schools, imposing a series of measures including compulsory safety drills and banning parking outside school premises. Also on Monday, France carried out its first strikes against IS from its Charles de Gaulle aircraft carrier, newly deployed in the eastern Mediterranean. French jets bombed IS targets in Iraq and Syria, including Raqqa, IS's key Syrian stronghold, the defence ministry said. Interview transcript: 'My brothers were manipulated, not radicalised' Paris attacks: The unanswered questions Paris attacks: Who were the victims? Who were the Paris attackers? Special report: In-depth coverage of the attacks and their aftermath President Francois Hollande has vowed to intensify strikes against IS in Syria and Iraq in the wake of the attacks. On Monday morning Mr Hollande and UK Prime Minister David Cameron paid their respects to the victims at a makeshift memorial in front of the Bataclan theatre venue. Speaking after talks at the Elysee Palace, Mr Cameron said it was his "firm conviction" that the UK should join air strikes in Syria - but that the decision would be up to MPs.
Christopher Meli, 20, was found dead near houses at Glasvey Close. He had suffered a sustained and vicious assault, detectives said. Two girls aged 16 and 17 and a 17-year-old boy were released on police bail pending further enquiries, police said. On Tuesday, three teenagers appeared in court charged with Mr Meli's murder.
Last summer, supporters were invited by the National Football Museum in Manchester to donate old shirts for the charity Street Child United, with BBC Sport commentator Guy Mowbray giving 26 tops and Scotland boss Gordon Strachan also donating shirts. This summer, the museum has initiated another amnesty for the charity Kit Aid, which John Wroe, chief executive of Street Child United, described as "a brilliant reminder of the power of the kindness of strangers and of football". "A change of clothes is a rare option for street children. The closest some street children get to a 'wardrobe' is a plastic bag stuffed up a tall tree and carefully hidden from view. Of Manchester City, England, Blackburn Rovers, Manchester United, and Liverpool, the most donated shirts were. Shirts from more than 80 clubs were handed over, as well as kits from Sunday league clubs. This year's amnesty runs until 31 August.
Stabbed in Downshire Place, off Great Victoria Street on Sunday evening was the victim, Hazem Ahmed Ghreir, in his 30s and originally from Syria. His death is not being treated as a hate crime.
However, Mr Medvedev - a qualified lawyer - is extremely close to his predecessor Vladimir Putin, a former KGB agent. He campaigned as Mr Putin's protege and tied himself to his policies as soon as he won the 2007 election. "We will be able to preserve the course of President Putin," he said at the time. With the news that he is to step aside in 2012 and allow Mr Putin to stand again as president, the "course of President Putin" looks set to continue after he leaves the Kremlin. Indeed, he will not be travelling very far as he is proposing to swap places with Mr Putin, who has served as prime minister while out of presidential office. Some would argue that even as president, Mr Medvedev left the real decision-making to the man who made him politically. Considered an economic liberal, Mr Medvedev served President Putin as first deputy prime minister, and was also chairman of Russia's enormous state-run gas monopoly, Gazprom. But his connection to his predecessor began much earlier. Mr Medvedev trained as a lawyer in Leningrad - now St Petersburg. The son of a professor, he became an assistant professor in his own right at St Petersburg State University in the 1990s. While there, he became involved in the city council and joined Mr Putin's external affairs team as an expert consultant working for the mayor. It was a key period in Russia's transition from communism. In 2000, Mr Medvedev took charge of Mr Putin's presidential election campaign and in October 2003 he was appointed Kremlin chief-of-staff. Promoted to the post of first deputy prime minister in charge of national projects in 2005, he oversaw major social initiatives in the areas of agriculture, health, education and efforts to boost Russia's low birth rate. Helping restructure the Kremlin's relations with powerful billionaire oligarchs who made fortunes in the Yeltsin years, he also stated at the World Economic Forum in Davos in 2007 that the aim was to create "big Russian corporations". Mr Putin, endorsing his nomination as presidential candidate, said: "I have known him for more than 17 years, I have worked with him very closely all these years" Mr Medvedev has been portrayed by some as a liberal but critics ask if his commitment to democracy is more than mere lip service. During the 2007 election campaign, he refused to take part in televised debates with other candidates, saying they would give his rivals additional publicity. He, however, considers himself a democrat, having once said: "We understand that no non-democratic state has ever truly prospered for one simple reason: freedom is superior to non-freedom. " In his time in office, he has advocated for technological innovation in Russia, earning him the mocking nickname "nano-president", which also alludes to his short stature. Progress, Reuters news agency notes, has been slow on two trademarks of Mr Medvedev's modernisation drive: efforts to create a high-tech innovation incubator at Skolkovo, outside Moscow, and to turn the capital into a global financial centre. "Dmitry Medvedev did not justify expectations," liberal journalist Mikhail Fishman wrote in a scathing commentary in Vedomosti newspaper. "There is not the slightest hint that a single one of the tasks he set was implemented. Instead of a reformer we got a seat-warmer. " Perhaps the one change many Russians will remember from his presidency is the renaming of the police force from "militsia" with its Soviet connotations, to the more neutral "politsia". Whatever his political values, Dmitry Medvedev has Western tastes, being a fan of rock groups like Pink Floyd and Deep Purple, which played at the Kremlin in February 2008 to mark the 15th anniversary of the founding of Gazprom. Born 14 September 1965 in Leningrad, he was descended, by his own account, from farm workers, a blacksmith and a hat-maker. He grew up in a small flat in Kupchino on the outskirts of the city now known as St Petersburg, where he says he dreamed of buying jeans. While still a teenager, he fell in love with his future wife, Svetlana, with whom he has a son.
Crews have been tackling the smouldering fires involving 3,000 tonnes of woodchip at South Wales Wood Recycling in Coity since last Monday, with public health officials advising nearby residents to keep doors and windows closed while the fire was burning. Continuing to liaise with on-site management, the fire service said. Monitoring the situation, officials from South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said Natural Resources Wales were also.
Later arrested on suspicion of criminal damage was Charles Hirons, 49, of Nottingham Road, Draycott, a tractor was seen depositing the dirt outside the building, in Morledge, Derbyshire, at 07:10 GMT on 17 January. He is due to appear at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on 5 April.
The Bangladeshi foreign ministry said the two men were now safe in hospital in the city of Sirte. They were seized on 6 March from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. Islamic State militants were suspected of carrying out the abductions, but this has not been confirmed. Helal Uddin and Mohammed Anwar Hossain were freed on Tuesday evening, officials in Dhaka said. Other foreigners seized with them were reported to include four Filipinos, an Austrian, a Czech and a Ghanaian. BBC Bengali's Shahnaz Parveen in Dhaka says it is not clear whether a ransom was paid to free the two Bangladeshis. The foreigners were working for oilfield management company Value Added Oilfield Services (VAOS) at the al-Ghani field. VAOS said it did not know which militants had carried out the attack or where the oil workers had been taken. Believed to be working in Libya are an estimated 30,000 Bangladeshis. Rival militias have been fighting for control of the country since Muammar Gaddafi was ousted in 2011.
Angele Grenier is facing $300,000 ($222,000, Â£172,000) fines for selling syrup to other provinces. On Thursday, the court declined to hear her appeal and the appeal of another independent maple syrup producer. Ms Grenier has been dubbed a "rebel" in the media for fighting what she calls the maple syrup "monopoly" controlled by the Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers. The Federation, which is an association of maple syrup producers backed by provincial legislation, controls nearly every aspect of maple production in the province. It assigns quotas to the province's 13,500 farmers, charges administrative fees, buys their syrup and then resells the syrup to licensed wholesalers. Spokesperson Caroline Cyr told the BBC in an email that the Federation is "very pleased with the decision" of the Supreme Court as it upholds the organisation's legitimacy as a collective. Her lawyer argued that Quebec law should not apply to her, as her sales were outside the province, resulting in Ms Grenier being fined hundreds of thousands of dollars by the Federation for selling her products to New Brunswick directly. The Quebec Court of Appeal ruled against her, and without a Supreme Court appeal her case is finished. The court did not give a reason for its decision. "I did not cultivate drugs, it was just maple syrup!" she told the BBC in an email after she heard the court would not hear her appeal. I'm really scared that it will serve as a warning to prevent other producers from giving me an extremely large fine and forcing me into bankruptcy. The province's maple syrup industry has benefited greatly from the efforts of the Federation, which has pooled maple syrup output and implemented a production cap to maintain price stability. It's helped turn a provincial cottage industry into big business, with Quebec supplying up to 80% of the world's maple syrup.
A decade of failure for Warwickshire at Twenty20 cricket was all forgotten in the space of one memorable day at Edgbaston as the Birmingham Bears brilliantly put their name on the T20 Blast trophy. The Edgbaston marketing men could be seen rubbing their hands with good reason, counting their pounds and pennies, and saying "job well done" as the rebranded Bears finally brought home the bacon - and all on home soil too, in front of an adoring capacity 25,000 crowd. "To win in front of your own supporters is incredible," the Bears' England Test star Ian Bell told BBC WM "Especially here. A full house at Edgbaston is not bettered anywhere in the world. " Of course, in reality, it took a lot more than a name change for the Bears to finally enjoy success in a competition that had previously caused them nothing but misery and frustration. A full house at Edgbaston is not bettered anywhere in the world The release of Test players Bell and Chris Woakes was a big factor. So was the chance for the Bears to play on their own ground. This was the sixth time, in 12 seasons of English Twenty20 cricket, that Edgbaston had been chosen to stage Finals Day. But it was the first time the Bears had been able to get there to take advantage. And, as Hampshire showed, when they won on their own track at The Rose Bowl in 2010, home advantage is a massive one in such a raucous, highly-charged atmosphere. But the job still has to be done and the Bears, 7/2 outsiders at the start of the day, made nonsense of the bookies' odds. There were moments when it looked like it might be too tall an order, most notably when this summer's Twenty20 star Jason Roy was motoring nicely for Surrey in the semi-final - and then much later in the day when the great Andrew Flintoff, held back for Lancashire for too long, looked set to write one more cricketing fairytale. Flintoff's two successive sixes in the penultimate over off Oliver Hannon-Dalby, coupled with the very real threat of being penalised six runs for a slow over-rate, appeared to have thrown up one last gigantic twist. "I had the umpire in my ear saying that I had to rush it," Hannon-Dalby told BBC WM. "That just added to the pressure and, when big Fred hit two sixes, it put Woakesie under the pump for the final over, but he handled it. " Indeed, the Bears stayed together, stayed calm and they got the job done by doing just as their director of cricket Dougie Brown said they would - by playing well and as a team. It said everything that there were several candidates for man of the match in both their semi-final win over Surrey (who had beaten the Bears in the first final in 2003) and their four-run win in the final against Lancashire. "We knew we were very much the underdogs," Brown told BBC Sport. "But we were actually quietly confident, "We thought there was something written in the stars for us when Nottinghamshire had beaten Yorkshire in the last group stages - and especially when we then won down at Chelmsford against Essex. "We knew we were playing good cricket, but we were quite happy for people to talk us down so we could slip under the radar. "Winning the first game was key, particularly from the start Surrey got. But we kept our shape and held our nerve really well. "As for the final, I don't know if I can sum up my emotions. It was an amazing rollercoaster and at times it was painful watching. "You go from thinking you've got the game in the bag to thinking 'crikey, Freddie Flintoff has just taken it away from us in two blows'. But credit to the guys. Chris Woakes at the end held his nerve, which is probably more than can be said for me. "What a performance by everybody. They all played a part. It's been very much a team effort. "In any tournament, anywhere in the world, you've got to time it well. And we've done just that," added Hannon-Dalby. "We were the form team coming in and we got it right on the day. " What next now for the Bears? As far as the name change is concerned, it did court a lot of unpopularity from Warwickshire supporters outside Birmingham. And Bears chief executive Colin Povey admitted in the build-up to Saturday that "it is still very early days for the rebranding of the team name". But maybe Saturday night's success will prove the clincher. For Brown, who inherited a team that had just won the County Championship when Ashley Giles departed for England duty in 2012, there is now the pressure-relieving reward of putting silverware in the trophy room. And, given that Warwickshire are third in the County Championship and face another quarter-final against Essex at Chelmsford in the One-Day Cup, there could yet be more to come. But that is for the future and Brown's parting message to his players on Saturday night clearly had rather more short-term implications. "We are meant to be training at 10am on Tuesday morning," said the Scotsman. Their behavior between now and then is their own choice, but I anticipate their sobriety by 10am on Tuesday - that's all I ask.
He was brought in to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary by an offshore rescue helicopter from BG Group's North Everest platform, 145 miles east of Aberdeen. Aberdeen Coastguard, who co-ordinated the operation, was alerted at 11:30 on Sunday. There are no further details on his condition.
Her mother, Kate McCann, said she also finds the slowness of the Portuguese investigation "distressing". Madeleine was three when she disappeared in Praia da Luz, Algarve, seven years ago on Saturday. Mrs McCann said she walks in that area every year to feel closer to Madeleine. Madeleine's bedroom at the family home in Rothley, Leicestershire, has been kept exactly as it was when she went missing, her mother said. "She might want to change it a bit now she's a bit older," Mrs McCann said. "It's absolutely the same. " Mrs McCann's visits to Praia da Luz take place once or twice a year, with the most recent being in April 2013. "That's obviously the last place we were with Madeleine," she said. "I'll still walk those streets and I guess try to look for answers. Most of the time, it helps me. She admitted that she went "quietly" in order to avoid generating publicity, which some local people "resent." Scotland Yard launched a new investigation - codenamed Operation Grange - into Madeleine's disappearance last July, two years into a review of the case, and made renewed appeals for information. A high-profile campaign run by the McCanns and the Portuguese police investigation had so far failed to locate the missing child. Mrs McCann said she was particularly frustrated that police in Portugal had so far ruled out a joint inquiry with their British counterparts. "As a parent, I find the slowness of action in Portugal really hard to take. I find it quite distressing," she said. "Even though we're seven years down the line, waiting weeks or months, particularly for letters of request to be processed basically. it is frustrating. "I suppose I do struggle with the fact. Please work together. " Mrs McCann said she had not been given a reason why a joint team had not been set up. "To us, it makes sense that the two police forces should work together, to have a more streamlined approach to avoid duplication and basically to progress the investigation at a faster pace," she added. Her husband Gerry said: "What is very, very clear is that there are lots of lines of inquiry and a lot of further work needs to be done in Portugal. "The Met can only do so much with the information that they have. " Mr McCann said it was a "big step forward" that the Portuguese investigation had been reopened but admitted the bureaucratic process was causing delays. "The concern that we have, and I think also that the Metropolitan Police have, is that at the minute, there's almost parallel investigations going on, which doesn't make sense," said Mr McCann. "We're not quite sure why there's resistance to the joint investigation team, because clearly resources in Portugal is an issue and this would be one mechanism by which they could have additional funding. " The seventh anniversary of the day Madeleine went missing from the McCann's holiday apartment will be marked with a small gathering in their home village. They said they planned to celebrate Madeleine's 11th birthday later this month with their other two children, nine-year-old twins Sean and Amelie. Mr McCann said: "It's really hard. She's not there. Mrs McCann said that every year, the family still has a birthday cake for Madeleine, and it is by far the toughest day of their year. She added: "You think - 11, she's due to start secondary school in September. Which is just. It's a long time. " Madeleine's younger brother and sister were described by their mother as "great kids". "They really are wonderful," said Mrs McCann. "They've grown up with a big sister not being there. "She's talked about frequently. we're a family of five, they've got an elder sister and they've handled it incredibly well. " Her husband added that the pair are "normal, happy nine-year-olds. " The best-case scenario, said Mr McCann, would be if Madeleine had been "taken by someone who wanted a child" and has been "loved and cared for". High-profile cases of missing women found years after they were taken, including Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight who were rescued from a house in Ohio last year, have given them hope, the McCanns said. "If you're one of those people, then statistics mean nothing. " said Mrs McCann. "It is real hope. We're not blinkered. "We know what the statistics say. But we also know about all of these cases. "For each one of those children, now women, that have been found, statistics would have said they were dead. " Asked for a message for Madeleine, her mother said: "We love you Madeleine. We miss you every day, as we did that very first day, and we're waiting for you. We'll never give up, doing whatever we can to find you. ".
Near the theatre in the south-western city, about 300 people gathered over the weekend to protest against the government's "chaotic" asylum policy. The speakers were interrupted by the theatre staff singing "All people will be brothers" from the symphony. Police argue that the constitution guarantees the right to free assembly, making it a criminal offense to disrupt such events. Saturday's rally was organised by the country's right-wing Alternative for Germany party. A counter-demonstration was also staged in the city. The number of people seeking asylum in Germany this year may be as high as 1. German media have reported 5 million. Berlin government has not confirmed such estimates. Many of those arriving are refugees fleeing the wars in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, but there are also many economic migrants from the Balkans, Asia and Africa. A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
Media playback is not supported on this device Briton Fury, 27, stunned the sport by beating Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday - ending the Ukrainian's nine-year undefeated reign. Immediately after the bout 30-year-old Wilder - who is due to fight in January - tweeted he was "coming" for Fury. "I want that fight to happen as soon as possible," Wilder said. He told BBC Radio 5 live on Monday: "I've got to fight someone in January and after that fight I would love to have a unification bout - and guess what, I wouldn't mind coming to the UK for that one. "No matter where it might be, I want to be the undisputed champion of the world. " Wilder said his WBC belt is the "crown jewel" of boxing and is the "most famous, most respected" title, but insisted: "We haven't had an undisputed champion in I can't remember how long (Britain's Lennox Lewis was the last in 1999) - and I want to be the first name to bring the belts back together and heavyweight boxing back to its full potential. "Next year is going to be a great year for me, regardless. Everything is falling in our plan, our time and our planning for what we want to do. " Following his unanimous points victory in Dusseldorf, Germany, Manchester boxer Fury ruled out fighting "fraud" David Haye, who twice pulled out of bouts between the two. British current WBC International and Commonwealth heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua, 26, said an all-British fight with Fury would happen "next year or the year after". Klitschko, 39, said straight after the fight that he would trigger a rematch clause, but could still decide to retire instead. And when asked about fighting Wilder, Fury responded: "Why do we need to mention Deontay Wilder? Let's laugh at his name, shall we? "Wladimir Klitschko was the number one in the division. Probably the pound-for-pound king, whatever that means. "Why would I be bothered about a novice like Wilder, a basketball player who took up boxing a couple of years ago? I'm a true natural fighter." " Listen to the 5 live special and hear from Deontay Wilder Wilder described Saturday's fight as the most boring in heavyweight history and said he would show Fury "no remorse" if they face each other in the ring. The 30-year-old, who won bronze as an amateur at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, is undefeated in 35 fights, winning 34 by knock-out - Fury has won all 25 of his fights, 18 by knock-out. Wilder has a scheduled title defence on 16 January 2016 in New York, with the opponent not yet announced. "Wilder said, 'A win is a win, you can't take nothing away from Tyson. ' Wilder added, 'I guess it was a dance competition rather than a fight, there was a lot of dancing going on. '" "When somebody tunes in to look at a world title fight that is not what they expect to see, they look to see a fight and somebody get beat up for the title. " Talking about his style, Wilder added: "I'm going to try to disfigure you so bad that your kinfolks won't recognise you at the end of the fight. I don't hate you, but I want to destroy you and your career. " In his first news conference since becoming world heavyweight champion, Fury compared his "masterclass" performance to a "mongoose in a cobra's nest, taking all the eggs home". He called the Klitschko camp "cheats" - saying he avoided drinking water for fear of sabotage, dismissed questions about being a role model and described the sport's biggest names as "just bare bums in the shower". His trainer and uncle Peter Fury compared Saturday's stunning victory to Muhammad Ali's 1964 victory over Sonny Liston, saying they were the "brains of Britain" for out-thinking Klitschko. His dad John Fury then demanded journalists give "the eighth wonder of the world" a standing ovation and a bow.
A local official said many of those who died had been in the market in Bodo. At least three suicide bombers were said to be involved. Suspected of carrying out the attack is the Nigeria-based militant group Boko Haram. Last month, two female suicide bombers blew themselves up in Bodo. Cameroon is part of a regional coalition fighting Boko Haram, along with Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Benin. Although the militants have been driven from most of the areas they controlled in north-eastern Nigeria, they have continued to carry out suicide bombings and raids into neighbouring countries. One witness in Bodo told the BBC that at least two of the attackers were teenage girls who had hidden their explosives in sacks of grain. Another witness said two blasts had hit the market and another had targeted a roadblock. "We were in the market [at] around 10 in the morning when we heard a blast. The witness reported, "Not more than two minutes later, the second one went off and we took to our heels. There is a vigilante roadblock just outside town, where another bomb went off and killed six people.
The DG One facility in Dumfries was shut in October last year, a little over six years after it opened. Several weeks later, it was revealed that remedial works on the site had not yet begun. Councillors were provided with the latest update in private, as legal sensitivities were involved. Gym facilities are currently in place at Loreburn Hall with a temporary swimming pool in the Ice Bowl car park. The timescale for the works has been estimated at about five months for the so-called "dry side" facilities such as the fitness suite. It is probable that the swimming pool will require an additional 13 months before it can reopen, indicating that the full leisure centre will probably not be accessible to the public until late next year at the earliest. The contractors who built the complex are being sought compensation from by Dumfries and Galloway Council. This includes a claim for the costs of providing temporary sport facilities during the closure.
Mounting concern is being seen regarding the potential of a vicious power struggle in Addis Ababa, which could set off a negative chain reaction across the region. For many of Ethiopia's Horn allies, the death has arrived at a challenging moment, particularly as a delicate political transition in Somalia remains incomplete and under serious strain, and a stand-off between South Sudan and Sudan risks pulling the region into a new armed conflict. Mr Meles was a complex figure, hard to pigeon-hole, much less force into a one-dimensional portrait frame. A mystique has over the years grown around his personality and politics, making the task to objectively assess his legacy difficult and highly fraught. To use a Churchillian phrase, the man was a riddle and a mystery inside an enigma, and by extension so too the secretive state he presided over. But he was the one African leader who was impossible to ignore. The diminutive ex-guerilla leader was a towering figure whose austere, unsmiling and understated public persona often belied his great influence and charisma. Since 1991 he has been the undisputed and pre-eminent key player in the Horn - a formidable strategist whose role remained indispensable in the regional efforts to resolve deadly conflicts and contain militant Islamism. Contested domestically is his legacy. A true revolutionary impelled by a great sense of mission to overturn the residual feudal and Stalinist structures of the ancient regime is what his ardent fans believe him to be. He was the outsider whose genius led to the overthrow of an entrenched and deeply loathed dictatorship. His message of social justice and modernisation resonated with many in the homeland, especially the marginalised "lowlanders" in Oromia and Ogadenia. His concept of revolutionary democracy and ethnic federalism promised to create a fairer and inclusive order. Measured against these lofty and progressive ideals, his record has, at best, been patchy and rather uninspiring. The much-vaunted ambitious economic modernisation and liberalisation programme has created a new middle class, attracted huge foreign investment, spawned massive infrastructure projects, spurred economic growth and generally transformed the skylines of the major cities such as Addis Ababa and Mekele. But it has not tackled the deep structural and systemic problems and inefficiencies that have hampered real growth. The Stalinist land tenure system and the complex bureaucratic system are still intact, and the vast majority remain trapped in poverty. The democratisation and political reform process, which Mr Meles himself termed "work in progress", has long stalled. Since the disputed May 2005 polls, the regime has increasingly become intolerant and autocratic, using a raft of new legislation to stifle and criminalise dissent and lock up opponents. Why West will miss Meles Obituary: Meles Zenawi Life in pictures: Ethiopia's Meles Zenawi A plethora of old and new armed ethnic factions continue to wage low-level insurgencies in the periphery. The new policy of engagement and piecemeal peace pacts with a select few has so far only succeeded in managing the problem and buying the regime more time. Feeling vulnerable and insecure, Mr Meles has in the last few years become a leader whose overriding domestic political manoeuvres and calculations are driven by one instinct: regime survival. A discreet purge of the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) and the administration was orchestrated by him, demoting, sidelining or reassigning key potential rivals and opponents. Certainly, his death has created a leadership vacuum at the top and with no clear figure groomed to succeed him, the battle for succession could prove destabilising. That said, the prospect of a large-scale upheaval, as some fear, is highly unlikely, partly because the country has a powerful, highly disciplined and cohesive army and security apparatus. The opposition can, in theory, capitalise on the disarray within the ruling party to advance its goals and press for an early poll, but that looks difficult given the narrow factionalism and disorganisation within its ranks, not to mention the fact most of the influential opposition figures are either in exile or locked up. Mr Meles has continued to enjoy good press in the region and across much of Africa, even as his stature diminished domestically. He is hugely admired and many seem prepared to overlook his personal frailties and forgive his leadership shortcomings for one simple reason: no other African leader has in recent times deployed such great intellectual energy and firepower and used his diplomatic talent and influence to articulate the continent's key priorities and demands at global forums. He did put Africa on the map, and as a skilled and effective negotiator and spokesman he certainly forced leaders in the developed world to listen. But whether this feat alone qualifies him to join the pantheon of the continent's great visionaries, like Kwame Nkrumah and Nelson Mandela, remains debatable. Not in contention though is the fact that the late prime minister - almost single-handedly - transformed Ethiopia from a deeply conflicted and war-wracked peripheral Horn of Africa state into a supremely self-assured African diplomatic and military powerhouse. From the mid-1990s and up until 2005, Ethiopia was a key stop for high-level Western dignitaries visiting the continent, and Mr Meles the must-see African leader whose advice and counsel was sought. Many embraced him as a reformer and an elite member of the so-called "new breed" of African leaders. The Ethiopian leader cultivated the new friendship and used it to forge strategic partnerships to raise his country's profile and advance its geopolitical and strategic national interests. He swiftly rebuilt and modernised the army, initially in a bid to achieve parity with Sudan and negotiate a detente from a position of strength, but subsequently to "tame" a belligerent Eritrea, with whom relations had began to dramatically deteriorate a few years after its independence in 1991. The two countries have since fought two bloody and costly border wars beginning from 1998. A peace pact and a border arbitration treaty brokered by international mediators failed to end to conflict permanently, partly because Addis Ababa refused to fully abide by the terms of the accords and to return the tiny barren piece of land awarded to Eritrea. Hostilities have continued to simmer ever since, and periodic flare-ups are common along the volatile border. It is plausible the death of Mr Meles may - far from creating opportunities for dialogue - spur Eritrea into escalating the tension. That would be a disastrous and risky gamble which Eritrea must be dissuaded from taking. It is unlikely this is a course of action that would help it secure its perceived legitimate rights, much less win it friends in the region and beyond. In Somalia, Ethiopia's military presence in the past year has been instrumental in putting the pressure on the militant group al-Shabab. Thousands of Ethiopian troops now control a number of key strategic areas in south-central Somalia. The death of Mr Meles has raised new anxieties among the regional allies with troops in Somalia. There are growing fears a destabilising succession battle and power struggle in Addis could potentially complicate matters and jeopardise the whole mission. Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga said as much in a recent radio interview. Such fears are understandable, considering Ethiopia's history and political fragility. However, there is hope too the country has achieved a level of maturity and that it has the institutional mechanisms and the structural resilience to weather the current storm and ensure a smooth transition that allows for policy continuity in Somalia.
Flashing in blue were the emergency lights that could be observed through the car's rear window, confirming that the fire occurred around 22:15 on the motorway near junction 16 at Craighall, Police Scotland. They said it was caused by an electrical fault, and nobody was injured.
There has been a row brewing at Westminster for some time over cuts to so-called Short money. But sources are confident MPs will back a plan that will save 10% from the total in a vote expected on Wednesday. Ministers say Short money payments are unduly generous given cutbacks elsewhere in the public sector. George Osborne's Autumn Statement in November announced a 19% cut in funding for the Ted Short scheme, in line with anticipated savings from unprotected Whitehall departments. The opposition parties have strongly criticized these plans. The proposed compromise would shift the formula for calculating the payments from taking account of the Retail Price Index to instead using the Consumer Price Index. Over the last 12 months the CPI has grown by a far smaller rate than the RPI - so the switch makes the new formula less generous. It will necessitate what a source described as "much greater transparency" over what the money is spent on. In addition, it will set a floor below which Short money cannot fall for the smallest parties in the House of Commons - those with between one and five MPs. That floor is Â£75,000 a year. Claiming that the compromise arrangement will save the taxpayer around £35 million between sources by the end of the decade, there is also a ceiling for those parties, of just over £200,000.
Standard Life, based in Edinburgh, and Aberdeen Asset Management, the second biggest Scottish fund manager, are on the way to merger. This is a big deal for the companies, and for the Scottish economy. Is there a break clause, the chief executives were asked? The answer: no-one is backing out. The big shareholders have already given their approval, including Lloyds Banking Group with 10% of Aberdeen shares. Standard Life has an unusually large body of small-scale investors, having de-mutualised only 11 years ago, with each customer having a stake. Both sides of this deal are relaxed about the obstacles ahead, before getting to full merger in the third quarter of this year. While the headquarters is to be in Scotland, one of the questions still to work out is what the merged firm will be called. "Aberdeen Standard Asset Life Management" seems a bit of a mouthful, and possibly misleading people into thinking it's a life coaching business. SL-AAM is an acronym that might send the wrong messages. Brand is very important to these companies. The words, the logos and the colour carry a lot of the trust on which the sector depends and vast sums are pumped into promoting them, from Aberdeen's racing yachts to the shirts for the forthcoming tour by the British and Irish Lions. They're going to get the experts in to decide on future branding, because it's more than choosing some names that reach a compromise between the two partners. Standard Life will remain the brand for asset management. The group name is expected to have a bit of both Standard and Aberdeen in it, they say, vaguely. The investment arm might be something like Aberdeen Standard Life Investment Managers, suggests Martin Gilbert. But the acronyms will be carefully checked to avoid any offence, when translated into other languages. The two chief executives - Keith Skeoch and Martin Gilbert - spent the morning of their big announcement taking media questions in a conference call, reassuring investors, then flying north to Edinburgh to brief staff in both companies' offices. "We're a people business," they both emphasise. "We want to tell our people first. " That's in response to repeated questions about the key rationale for the deal - that they can boost earnings by cutting costs. A cut of £200m represents slightly less than a third of Aberdeen's cost base, and it has 2,700 staff. Standard Life has 6,500, of whom 5,000 are in Scotland. The obvious places to start cutting, due to duplication, are in information technology, sales and back office, and those jobs are overwhelmingly in Scotland. But the corporate word is that it's far too early to be talking about the detail of where that cost-cutting axe might fall. It is expected to take three years to work through. And meanwhile, the watchwords are "growth, innovation, greater efficiency". The bosses are upbeat about prospects. They list the classes of investment fund in which they can now boast a world-class presence. Aberdeen Asset's relative weakness has been a major focus of much of the commentary surrounding their deal. Over the course of four years, approximately £100bn of funds has flowed out, with clients choosing to go elsewhere. There's been a net outflow for 15 quarters. Martin Gilbert is hopeful of a turnaround in its emerging markets portfolio. They also want to counter talk of being in trouble due to their focus on active management of funds. That's as opposed to the passive management, where funds are left to track the market. The Scottish firms invest heavily in research to get ahead of the market. That's costly, and it is being undercut by low-cost passive funds. The chief executives point out that they also have substantial passive funds. The two men, soon to become a job share, are different types of leader, admits Skeoch - but complementary, just like the deal, he adds. Skeoch is the analytical economist - Gilbert the accountant, lawyer, and salesman. They say they've been friends for decades, with a bond built on their fishing trips together - mostly on the Tay, they told me, and sometimes on the Tweed. No, they respond to questions, this deal was not hatched on a salmon beat. They say they don't talk business by the riverside. But it meant they didn't have to spend long getting to know each other when talks began in the first week of January. So what about chief executive earnings? Both saw their total pay packets harshly cut back last year - Martin Gilbert by 35%, Keith Skeoch by 20%. They won't get much sympathy, given that the Aberdeen boss trousered £2. 8m, the lowest since 2009 and following shareholder disapproval of past pay-outs. The Standard Life boss was paid £2. 75m for last year. In the boom times for investment performance, both have had years of more than £5m. So will they share the chief executive's emolument, or both retain their current pay scale? That's for our remuneration committee to decide, both answer.
Norman Forde, 73, was originally charged with murder after killing Aileen Bell at their home in Frederick Avenue, Hinckley, Leicestershire. He was later deemed unfit to plead and a trial of facts was held at Leicester Crown Court instead. Forde has been sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Police have not said what kind of mental illness he has. Det Ch Insp Natalee Wignall, from Leicestershire Police, expressed, "This tragic incident has been extremely upsetting for those close to Aileen, and they are still coming to terms with the events of that night. " Police disclosed that Forde fatally injured his 60-year-old partner by stabbing her multiple times following an argument at their home in April 2015. She died from blood loss due to stab wounds, as confirmed by a post-mortem examination. One neighbor told the Hinckley Times that despite never getting married, the couple did have children and grandchildren. They added, "Norman was known for being the most laid-back guy. " He used to wander past and we'd always talk and pass the time of day. " Forde cannot be released from hospital unless the Ministry of Justice or a mental health tribunal gives consent.
In a fiery statement, the North warned of strikes against the White House, Pentagon and "the whole US mainland". North Korea denies US claims it is behind cyber-attacks linked to a film that features the fictional killing of its leader Kim Jong-un. North Korea has a long history of issuing threats against the US. The latest statement comes days after the US formally accused the North of orchestrating a massive cyber-attack on Sony Pictures. The official Korean Central News Agency issued a lengthy statement declaring that the army and people of the DPRK [North Korea] are fully ready to face off against the US in every theater of war, including cyber warfare. This message is intended for both domestic and international audiences. The statement has weight because it comes from the most powerful body in North Korea, the National Defence Commission, which is chaired by Kim Jong-un. It has two arguments - essentially "we didn't do it" and "whoever did do it was right". The statement goes into some detail about the FBI argument that there were signs in the computer code that North Korea was behind the Sony attack. It said such lines of code are commonplace and do not prove any North Korean involvement. It accused US President Barack Obama of "recklessly making the rumour" that North Korea was behind the Sony attack. Separately, North Korea said it would not attend Monday evening's UN Security Council meeting discussing the country's human rights record. Last week, the UN General Assembly passed a resolution calling on the Security Council to refer North Korea to the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. A UN report released in February revealed ordinary North Koreans faced "unspeakable atrocities", including "deliberate starvation, forced labour, executions, torture" and political repression. China, North Korea's main international ally, is expected to block any move against the country. The Sony hack resulted in unreleased films and the script for the next James Bond movie being leaked online. Details of corporate finances and private emails between producers and Hollywood figures were also released. The eventual fallout from the attack saw Sony cancel the Christmas release of a comedy called The Interview, a film depicting the assassination of the North Korean leader. That decision followed threats made by a group that hacked into Sony's servers and leaked sensitive information and emails. Denying being behind the attacks, the North offered to hold a joint inquiry with the US. However, the US turned down the offer, and President Obama said it was considering putting the North back on its list of terrorism sponsors, a move that further angered Pyongyang. North Korea had been on the US list of state sponsors of terrorism for two decades until the White House removed it in 2008, as part of now-stalled negotiations relating to Pyongyang's nuclear programme. In an interview with CNN on Sunday, Mr Obama promised to respond "proportionately" to the cyber-attack. "I'll wait to review what the findings are," he said, adding that he did not think the attack "was an act of war". The US has reportedly also asked China to curb cyber-attacks by North Korea. China is seen as the nation with the most influence over Pyongyang. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi held a telephone conversation with his US counterpart John Kerry on Sunday in which they discussed the Sony row. Mr Wang said China was "against all forms of cyber-attacks and cyber-terrorism" but did not refer directly to North Korea. Correspondents say the issue of hacking is a sensitive one in Sino-US relations, with the two sides frequently trading accusations of cyber-espionage. The Interview features James Franco and Seth Rogen as two journalists granted an audience with Mr Kim. The CIA then enlists the pair to assassinate him. Sony says it made the decision to cancel its release after most US cinemas chose not to screen the film, following terrorism threats.
Ed Joyce (73), Luke Wright (50) and Ross Taylor (50) all made half-centuries as Sussex totalled 271. But Ryder then made a round 100, sharing a key 83-run fifth-wicket stand with Essex skipper Ryan ten Doeschate, who went on to finish on 49 not out. He helped his side then get home on 275-5 with an over to spare. Essex's win maintained their fine record at Hove, where they have only lost three times in 15 visits, a run dating back to 1986. Getting their One-Day Cup campaign off to a winning start in Southampton on Sunday, Essex chased down 311 to beat Hampshire in the final over. Their next match is against Somerset at Chelmsford this Sunday (22 June, 11:00 BST), while Sussex will be playing Glamorgan in Cardiff on Wednesday (18 June, 14:00 BST).
Created by the early 20th Century explorer Ella Christie, the garden is set in the grounds of Cowden Castle in Clackmannanshire and is among the few surviving sites of its kind in the UK. The garden has now been added to Historic Scotland's Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes. Born in 1861, Ms Christie travelled widely in Asia and visited countries including India, Ceylon, Malaya, China, Japan and Borneo. 'High importance' In the spring of 1907, inspired by the gardens of Kyoto and Tokyo, she created her own Japanese-style garden in the grounds of her home at Cowden, near Dollar. The garden was designed and maintained by Japanese practitioners Taki Handa and Professor Jijo Suzuki. The garden, centred on a long artificial lake, incorporated elements of three traditional Japanese garden forms: a pond and island garden, a stroll garden, and a tea-house garden. Cared for by gardener Shinzaburo Matsuo during the 1930s, the gardens were lived and worked on the site until his death in 1937. The garden was vandalised in the 1960s and none of the original built structures have survived, but many of its features still remain - including plantings and its symbolic stones. Elizabeth McCrone, head of listing and designed landscapes said: "The story of Cowden is a fascinating one. "It was once described as the best Japanese garden in the Western world and was visited by Queen Mary in the late 1930s. "It is of outstanding importance for its value as a work of art and its historic value, and also of high importance for its horticultural, nature conservation and archaeological value. " Sara Stewart, the current owner of Cowden, said:  "While the gardens are not currently open to the public, we are considering a restoration programme and hope that we can welcome visitors back at some point in the future. ".
The game, to be played at Everton's Goodison Park on 3 September, will feature two teams managed by model Katie Price and boxer Tony Bellew. Included in the lineup are former Everton players Peter Beardsley and Alan Stubbs, as well as ex-Sunderland left-back Micky Gray and singer-songwriter Olly Murs. Bradley, a Sunderland fan, passed away at the age of six from a rare form of cancer. The players, who also include X-Factor winner turned Coronation Street actor Shayne Ward and Steps star Lee Latchford-Evans, will line up for either Bradley's Blues or The Lowery Legends. Forming a special bond with the youngster, Evertonians celebrated Bradley's life in the game, initially during Everton's match at Sunderland in September 2016 and then when he was a guest at Goodison Park for two matches in January and February this year. Ex-Everton player and club ambassador Graham Stuart said it would be a chance to raise money for the Bradley Lowery Foundation. After the youngster's death, the charity was established to assist other young children who are suffering from illness. Don Hutchison, a former player for both Black Cats and Toffees, remarked, "I've had the honor of playing for both teams and I couldn't ask for better groups of fans to play in front of, especially for young Bradley." ".
The 32-year-old is now being questioned at a central London police station. The arrest, police said, was not connected to another man, aged 30, in Somerset, who was also detained by officers from the Met's Counter Terrorism Command. An individual who is a member of the armed forces is being held on suspicion of Northern Ireland-related terrorism. The 32-year-old was detained on Wednesday morning under Section 5 of The Terrorism Act 2006.
Richard Noble, the man behind the Bloodhound SSC project, has admitted in his latest blog they need to spend Â£10m this year which they do not have. "It's going to be the usual hand-to-mouth fight for existence," he wrote. Vying to break the world land-speed record with a car powered by a rocket bolted to a Eurofighter-Typhoon jet engine, the team based in Bristol is determined. The current record of 763mph (1,230km/h) was set by RAF Wing Commander Andy Green in Thrust SSC in 1997. He will be behind the controls of the Bloodhound SSC (Super Sonic Car) when it attempts to break the record at the end of this year, and then to go even faster in 2016. But Mr Noble, the project's director who broke the land speed record in Thrust2 in 1983, has written of his concerns for the future of the bid without more commercial sponsors. He described "massive struggles to meet the huge financial demands" behind the scenes and said the project's banking team had "never seen anything quite like Bloodhound". However, financial trouble was overcome in 2014 and - even though they are four years beyond the original schedule - the team is now confident 2015 will be the year the car runs on Hakskeen Pan in Northern Cape, South Africa.
It coincided with marches in London and Belfast, where thousands gathered to call for an end to austerity measures. Protesters called on the government to focus instead on creating policies which they said could create growth. Beginning at George Square and concluding at Glasgow Green, the rally in Scotland, arranged by the Scottish Trades Union Congress (STUC), was spearheaded by former Remploy workers who were left jobless following the closure of the government-owned factories. Disability activists, community groups and public sector workers were joined on the platform by organisations including the National Union of Students, the Church of Scotland and the Hardest Hit Coalition. They were joined by members of the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS), the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) and the march organisers the STUC. STUC general secretary Grahame Smith told the crowd: "The Prime Minister says he doesn't want to defend privilege, he wants to spread it. "Privilege of course means giving few an advantage over the many. That's why it's tax cuts for the rich and benefit cuts for the poor. "We don't want an extension of privilege, we want an extension of fairness and justice. " Speaking in George Square, Mr Smith said the priority should be fair taxation and a living wage, investment in quality jobs, strong trade unions and employment rights. Organisers said before the march that they were hoping for it to be as well attended as the 2011 demonstration over pension reforms, which drew in more than 250,000 people across the UK. The National Union of Students in Scotland president, Robin Parker, who delivered a speech in George Square, stated: "Students are standing alongside trade union and community members from all over Scotland today because we do not want to see Westminster's austerity policies cast an entire generation aside. "The Scottish government has said they are putting a priority on tackling youth unemployment, but they can do more. If they are serious about tackling youth unemployment, they need to be serious about funding colleges. "Our generation needs a future that works. " And Derek Thomson, chair of the PCS union's Scotland committee, said: "We want a future funded through fair and progressive taxation and one that delivers public services and welfare benefits to those that need them. "We want an end to the austerity agenda. "We want investment in jobs that builds both the public and the private sectors. The demonstration, Strathclyde Police said, passed off without incident.
Terry Dunlap, 73, was demonstrating a. 38-calibre pistol when it went off and struck Michael Piemonte, 26. He and his wife were taking the day-long class in order to carry guns for their own safety, he told local media. Residents in all 50 states are allowed to obtain a concealed firearm permit, although there are varying requirements and training. Last month, Illinois became the final state to comply with a court order. The Fairfield County, Ohio, sheriff's office listed the Saturday shooting in the town of Lancaster as accidental, the Columbus Dispatch reported. "It took me a couple of seconds to realise that I had been shot," Mr Piemonte told CNN. That night, Mr Piemonte was treated in hospital and released. Publicly, Mr Dunlap has not spoken about the incident. Ohio residents seeking a concealed weapon permit must take an approved safety course or show "evidence of imminent danger", pass a criminal background check, and meet other requirements.
Ms Suu Kyi will start the four-day visit next Wednesday, her National League for Democracy (NLD) party said. An NLD spokesman said she would meet China's president, Xi Jinping, and premier, Li Keqiang. Relations between the countries have cooled in recent years, partly because of violence near their mutual border. Myanmar has been fighting rebels in its eastern Kokang region, which borders China's Yunnan province. At least five people in Yunnan died in March when an aircraft from Myanmar, also known as Burma, dropped a bomb on a sugar cane field. China sent patrols to the border in response. While Myanmar's military junta was under Western sanctions, and Ms Suu Kyi was under house arrest, China remained a loyal ally. Since reforms were introduced in 2011, the government of President Thein Sein has aligned itself closely with the United States, while China continues to assist in developing major infrastructure projects in Myanmar. As the head of the NLD, Ms Suu Kyi is expected to play a crucial role in Myanmar's presidential elections this November, though she is unlikely to be able to run for president. Ms Suu Kyi is fighting to overturn a clause in the constitution that currently blocks her from standing as a candidate. The Chinese have invited her as an acknowledgement that, after the Burmese general election later this year, she's likely to be a political force they can no longer ignore. The trip will also pose a moral dilemma for the Burmese opposition leader. Just like Ms Suu Kyi two decades ago, Chinese writer Liu Xiabo has been detained for his pro-democracy activities - and then, like her, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. Will Ms Suu Kyi say anything while in China about her fellow Nobel laureate? Or will she choose to remain silent to avoid embarrassing her hosts?.
Located in the Knowledge Quarter in Paddington near Liverpool city centre, the privately-run facility will be situated next to a new Royal College of Physicians site. Starting in 2018, up to 700 patients could be treated annually at The Rutherford Cancer Centre North West, including those from the NHS. Proton beam units for the NHS are currently under construction in Manchester and London, with plans to open in 2018 and 2019 respectively. Proton beam therapy It uses charged particles instead of X-rays to deliver radiotherapy for cancer patients. Targeting high-energy protons directly at a tumor, the treatment reduces the dose to surrounding tissues and organs, generally resulting in fewer side effects compared with high-energy X-ray treatments. It can be used to treat spinal cord tumours, sarcomas near the spine or brain, prostate cancer, lung cancer, liver cancer and some children's cancers. Sources: NHS England, Cancer Research UK The Rutherford Cancer Centre North West will also offer treatments including radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Knowledge Quarter Liverpool is a 450-acre district for science, health, technology, education, music and performing arts, Liverpool City Council said. Developments will be located on Paddington Central and the first £1bn phase of the 30-acre Paddington Village also includes a base for Liverpool International College. Mayor Joe Anderson said: "Momentum is really beginning to build for Knowledge Quarter Liverpool. "We can expect more exciting announcements which will further cement its reputation as a world-leading innovation district, specialising in medical and life sciences research. ".
Miami-born filmmaker Barry Jenkins wrote and directed the film, based on a play by Tarell Alvin McCraney, about a young African American boy named Chiron coming to terms with his sexuality as he grows up in a tough Florida neighbourhood. However, while the shoot took only 25 days, Jenkins says he conceived the project "at least three-and-a-half years ago". He explains: "That's fairly average because it takes a long time for a film to get made. "So all these movies we have this year - Birth of a Nation, A United Kingdom, Loving, Fences - which are being framed as a reply to the campaign about the lack of diversity in the system, probably began about four years ago. "So the cry about the lack of voices and representation on our screens actually goes much further back and now films like ours are beginning to surface. " With a budget of around $5m (Â£4m), Moonlight has now made twice that figure at the North American box office, and has screened to almost universal acclaim at festivals including Telluride, Toronto and London. Both Mahershala Ali, who is best known for his role as Captain Boggs in The Hunger Games, and British actress Naomie Harris have secured acting nominations from the Golden Globes. The film is also up for best drama, best director, best screenplay, and best original score. Harris says she "put heart and soul into this little film - we all did". She plays Chiron's drug addict mother and had to complete her scenes in three days. "It had a really small budget, and everyone did it because they were passionate about it. It's a very rare film - it speaks of a very profound love," she says. "And the response we've had has been overwhelming - I think people are hungry for these kinds of stories. " Film critics now believe the race for awards glory is between Moonlight, Damien Chazelle's musical La La Land and Manchester By The Sea by Kenneth Lonergan. "You always hope to be part of endeavours that resonate with audiences," Mahershala Ali says. "But you don't want it to reflect how you approach the work. "It's just humbling being part of the conversation, especially after a much-needed shake up in the industry about people of colour," he continues. "But I want the film to be rewarded on it own merits, not because it's a film of diversity. As an African American, you just want to see projects go ahead that have 'other' faces in them with the potential to stand up against any film. "You know, we had this same conversation a few years ago when the film Precious came out, about change. I hope it's a wake up call, because I know a lot of wonderful directors and writers who didn't get their films made because they didn't fit the type. " Barry Jenkins's last film, 2008's Medicine for Melancholy, about African Americans struggling to fit in to the hipster scene of San Francisco, also featured themes of being an outsider in a community. While many have highlighted a lack of Hollywood films giving gay characters a platform over the years, Jenkins points out that Brad Pitt's Plan B company part-produced Moonlight, and says there was "never a sense that what we were doing was unorthodox or provocative". The film had "multiple offers of financing", he explains. "However, I have never seen characters like this in a movie before, and between Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain and now, there have been too few representations of gay characters in cinema. "I would certainly welcome more of it, because there's always going to be some kid who needs to see himself or herself on screen, and the more people who see the film, the more likely that kid is to go out and write something themselves one day, and then the vacuum is further filled. "There's also the need for someone to see it to know they are not the only one in the world going through these ordeals of adolescence, that's been a positive of talking so much about the film. When I actually saw the play those years ago, there was so much up there that reminded me of myself. Adding, Naomie Harris expresses her desire for this film to receive as much attention as possible, as she believes it truly deserves it. The unique perspective it offers is what sets it apart, in her opinion. "Perhaps it's because my mum is a scriptwriter herself, I think the key to success is always in the writing and what we need is to help young diverse talent. "The cry for more diversity on screen was a long time in coming, we've needed it, and I hope this year we are finally beginning to see it. " Moonlight will be released in the UK on 17 February. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If entertainment is what you seek, email us with your story suggestion. news@bbc. co. uk.
The money is owed by non-resident parents and has built up over 23 years, with figures showing about 1. 2 million people are owed child maintenance. The Department for Work and Pensions said a new system was "actively pursuing" unpaid child maintenance. But Janet Allbeson, from the charity Gingerbread, called for parents waiting for money to receive compensation. The latest figures, revealed by the Victoria Derbyshire programme, show the vast majority of unpaid maintenance money was accumulated under the Child Support Agency (CSA) - which was set up in 1993. The system was replaced in 2012 after mistakes were made with assessments and absent parents were not tracked down. However, a further £93m of unpaid child maintenance has already developed under the new Child Maintenance Service (CMS) system. It comes as the findings of a Work and Pensions Committee inquiry into CMS are due to be published next week. MPs on the committee are expected to be highly critical of the new scheme. Laura Riley, from Sheffield, has a 10-year-old son, Louis. His father has been assessed by the CSA and should be paying child maintenance. However, Laura says she has been chasing money for nine years and that he now owes more than £9,000. "At the beginning when I first moved up to Sheffield it was really tough because I just didn't have the money to look after [Louis] properly," she said. "Instead of doing fun things I'd just take him to the park, with the same picnic every day and a book. I did my best, but I would have liked to have done more. "I've sent letters and letters. At one point, I sent one every single week," she added. "It's been a massive headache. I just felt like I was getting fobbed off to be quite honest. "They asked for bank details, said they'd get the money off him and put it in my bank, and it just never happened. It's been like a massive battle for years trying to get the money out of him. " Louis's father is Gary Lawford, a children's entertainer in Brighton. She says attempts to get money from him have proved to be "completely unsuccessful", adding: "I've realised it's not quite as easy as you think. " The CSA has taken enforcement action on three occasions, but they have not been able to recover any money. "As his father, he has a responsibility. You don't just have the child; you raise them, you support them, and he's not doing that," she added. The Victoria Derbyshire programme contacted Mr Lawford about the allegations but he declined to comment. When couples split up, they are both still expected to contribute towards the upbringing of their children. Child maintenance is determined by a government agency if parents cannot come to an agreement on the amount to be paid. The Child Support Agency was established in 1993 with the purpose of guaranteeing that non-resident parents provided financial support for the upbringing of their children. However, it was dogged by problems and has since been replaced with the Child Maintenance Service. CMS - which was introduced in 2012, with new IT systems designed to improve the system - assesses the parents on a range of measures. Payments are based on a standard formula, and CMS also collect payments for the receiving parent. Child maintenance is payable for children who are under the age of 16, under 20 and in full-time education at A-level stage or below, or if they are under 20 and living with a parent registered for child benefit. Unpaid child maintenance can be collected by taking money from a paying parent's earnings or benefits, directly from a parent's bank or building society, or through court action. Source: Department for Work and Pensions Janet Allbeson, from the single parents charity, Gingerbread, said powers to collect child maintenance are "very seldom used", saying CMS was "a very blunt instrument". She said the uncollected figure was "a huge, startling number". "People can't quite believe it, and do a double take. And it's money that's built up over a long time. " The charity says there should be compensation, paid by the government to children and their families who have lost out. "They shouldn't just be able to walk away and say it's history when it's due to their errors and their poor practice that money hasn't been collected. That's wrong and the government should pay for that," she says. "At the moment there are still questions to be asked about how much effort is being put into chasing those who choose not to pay, and we don't think as yet they've got that right, and there's more that needs to be done," Mrs Allbeson added. The Department for Work and Pensions said: "We actively pursue non-resident parents to recover unpaid maintenance and we are transferring existing arrears from the CSA to the CMS. "The new system is designed to encourage parents to come to their own family-based arrangement. " It said in 90% of cases, parents "are paying towards the money owed". Watch the Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.
Academics at the University of Lincoln have discovered that these men have been taking thousands of pounds from their new wife's family and using the women as domestic slaves for their in-laws. These "disposable women", as the report calls them, are also often physically abused and then abandoned either once they have moved to the UK, or - more commonly - while still in India. Some are brought temporarily to the UK but later taken on a pretend holiday back to India, where they have their passport taken away. Many women hide the fact that this has happened to them, so academics spent more than a year finding 57 women in India who had experienced the phenomenon and would share their stories. Marriage for Sunita, not her real name, began how she had always dreamed it would in a grand venue in India's Punjab region, with hundreds of guests and a beautiful red dress. "Everything was great," she says, as she runs through photos of her big day on her phone. After the wedding, her new husband stayed with her for a month in India before returning to his home in the UK. Sunita expected him to come back to India shortly afterwards and take her back to live with him there, but things then started to go wrong. "It was coming up to a year and he still didn't return," she says. "I asked him many times 'Come back to India, when are you coming?' but he would just say 'Not now, another time'. "He demanded a lot from me too. At times 'give money' and at other times 'give furniture'. " Sunita's husband eventually stopped talking to her on the phone. She hasn't seen him since and has also since found out he was already married to another woman in the UK. As is common in India, and some other countries in South Asia, Sunita's family had given her husband's family almost Â£3,000, as well as around Â£4,000 in gold as a dowry - money or goods given by the wife's family to the husband's when they get married. You can watch Catrin Nye's full film here. Broadcast on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel is The Victoria Derbyshire programme. Sunita says her husband and in-laws were also physically abusive towards her. "When I used to question if he had a wife [in the UK], and why did he marry me - they would beat me just for asking. " Her family is not rich and her father is watching on as she speaks, clearly devastated by what has happened. He spent thousands of pounds on a marriage he thought would give his daughter a happy future. "I'm very upset. I'm finding it hard to talk about. He made [sexual] relations with me, my life is ruined," she says. Researchers point out that this problem also exists in Pakistan and Bangladesh - countries where marriages to people living in the UK, the US, Canada, and other nations with a large South Asian diaspora are common. Dr Sundari Anitha, from the School of Social and Political Sciences at the University of Lincoln, spoke to women personally affected on a number of trips to Punjab, Delhi and Gujarat in India. She met women who had paid as much as Â£25,000 in dowry before being abandoned, women raped by their new husbands, some who were used to have a child and then abandoned and others left in India to act as carers and domestic slaves for their in-laws. She says patriarchal culture in South Asia means being abandoned can ruin a woman's life. "The stigma is massive and it even has an impact on other people in the family. So a woman's sister will find it harder to get married. She will find it harder to get a job, she faces financial insecurity and she's seen as damaged goods - primarily because the assumption is she's had sex. " The report recommends that the British state recognises abandonment as a form of domestic violence and offers protection to women "disposed of" by British men, even if they never travel to the UK. Pragna Patel, director of campaign group Southall Black Sisters, worked with academics on the study and says this would offer recourse to some sort of justice for women who at the moment have none. The group says that the constituent parts of abandonment - such as blackmail, fraud, emotional abuse, financial abuse, controlling and coercive behaviour and domestic servitude - can be prosecuted under existing laws, but that "few, if any, perpetrators face any consequences". The victims may be unaware of their rights or feel too ashamed or frightened to report their abuse, it is suggested. Ms Patel explains, however, that "once it is recognised as domestic violence then all the legal avenues that should be open to women either to seek protection or prosecution, or other legal remedies, would be available to abandoned women". She says that in the last month, staff at Southall Black Sisters have encountered a case in which a man had married and abandoned five different women - each time profiting financially. "It's like a business for him," she says. "The perpetrators are British nationals. If the British state turns a blind eye or is indifferent to this abuse then it is contributing to this culture of impunity - these men are not held to account by anyone. "We have to wake up to the fact that violence in transnational spaces is a new and emerging form of violence against women. " A Home Office spokesperson said: "This government will not tolerate abuse through marriage or other relationships. "We have taken a lead in tackling modern slavery, forced marriage and domestic violence and will continue to do so. "We will look carefully at any evidence of where further action might help to prevent abuse or support victims".
Kayden Jackson took full advantage of a defensive slip by Kelvin Longmead to fire home his first goal for Wrexham. Sealing the win, Jackson bundled home at the far post from Lee Fowler's pass. Goalkeeper Dean Snedker denied Jackson a hat-trick early in the second half while at the other end Rhys Taylor parried Arthur Gnahoua's effort. Wrexham extended their unbeaten run to six games to move up to fourth in the National League. Kidderminster, with only one away win all season, drop to the bottom of the table and nine points off safety. Wrexham manager Gary Mills told BBC Radio Wales: "We had to work hard for the win. I was pleased for Kayden, he's got two goals. "Three points, three wins, three clean sheets - it's what we've been after for a while and you've got to keep backing it up. "We're not getting carried away, but a lot of people were writing us off a few weeks ago and not really thinking we could get in there. "I always did. I always believed and I want to keep believing and I do believe that come 30 April we can still be in that top five. ".
Federal agents are said to have seized files and other material on 26 July, a day after Mr Manafort voluntarily met the Senate Intelligence Committee. Over questions about his foreign ties, Mr. Manafort left the Trump campaign. The FBI is leading one of several investigations into alleged Russian meddling in last year's US election. Special counsel Robert Mueller, who heads up the FBI investigation, left Mr Manafort's Alexandria home with "various records", the Washington Post first reported. A day before the raid, Mr Manafort voluntarily met a congressional panel that is also investigating Russia's alleged influence on the 2016 election. Analysts say the search warrant suggests investigators wanted to be sure Mr Manafort would hand over all records in response to a grand jury subpoena. Federal agents searched for tax documents and foreign bank records, US media reported. Mr Manafort's spokesman, Jason Maloni, confirmed the agents had "executed a search warrant at one of Mr Manafort's residences". "Mr Manafort has consistently co-operated with law enforcement and other serious inquiries and did so on this occasion as well," he added. The special counsel's office has declined to comment. President Trump has denied any collusion with Russia and has frequently referred to Mr Mueller's investigation as a "witch-hunt". Mr Manafort has handed over files to the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate and House Intelligence Committees for their respective Russia inquiries. The material reportedly includes notes that Mr Manafort took during a meeting with Donald Trump Jr, the president's son, and a Russian lawyer at Trump Tower in New York in June 2016. Emails from Mr Trump Jr show he took the meeting and invited Mr Manafort after being promised damaging material about his father's Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. Mr Mueller is reportedly seeking to determine whether Mr Trump knew of his son's meeting before it happened, or if he was briefed on it afterwards. Mr Manafort's financial dealings have reportedly been a focal point of Mr Mueller's investigations. Mr. Manafort retroactively registered as a foreign agent with the Justice Department in relation to his consulting work for a Russia-backed, Ukrainian political party in June. Resigning from the Trump campaign last August, he was accused of accepting millions of dollars in cash for representing Kremlin interests in the Ukraine and the US, including his dealings with an oligarch linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Mr Mueller has reportedly begun using a grand jury, which are used to issue subpoenas to compel people to testify. US media have also quoted sources close to the inquiry as saying Mr Mueller is investigating whether the president could have obstructed justice when he fired FBI chief James Comey, who was leading the previous investigation into Russian interference. After Mr Comey's sacking, Mr Mueller was appointed in May by the deputy attorney general of the Department of Justice to continue the inquiry.
BBC News NI revealed on Wednesday that the number of patients waiting for appointments at Musgrave Park Hospital in Belfast had risen by 75%. Some patients have had to wait up to 74 weeks to see a specialist. Expressing regret and concern over the waiting times, Valerie Watts apologized to patients who have waited an "inordinate amount of time" for surgery. "As CEO presiding over the Health and Social Care Board, I am not proud to hear some of these stories about these waiting times," she said. " But she told BBC Radio Ulster's Stephen Nolan Show that waiting times were likely to get worse "because of the budget". "We must understand that we have a finite budget within which we are working with this year," she said. "We are predicting that those waiting times will stretch out - some of them will be significantly [worse]. " Documents leaked to the BBC also showed that up to this month, there had been 11,846 breaches of the 18-week waiting list target for a specialist appointment. Ms Watts blamed the growth in waiting lists on "unprecedented period of demand" for health and social care services in Northern Ireland. She said there was not enough money being made available from Stormont to provide healthcare, and the board had asked to be given an additional Â£89m. But there has been no indication yet as to whether that money will materialise. The former medical director of the Western Health Trust called on politicians to prioritise funding for the health service to tackle the increase in waiting lists. Dr Alan McKinney said politicians "can't continue to squabble and fight about things and not make progress" on a making a decision about health funding. "Folk in Stormont and their advisors have big salaries, they have a job that needs to be done and I would like to see them get on and do that," he added.
Farrah Fadli, 29, has not been seen since dropping her two children off at a friend's house in Irvine, North Ayrshire, on Friday. The family had initially gone missing from their home in Ayr two days earlier. Standing at 5ft 4in, slim, and with dyed blonde hair, Ms Fadli, also known as Gillespie, is being sought after by Insp Jim Hendrie. He expressed his growing concern for her wellbeing, now that it has been almost a week since she went missing. "It is extremely unusual for her to leave her children for such a long time and not be in touch with her family and friends. Anyone who knows where she is, I would urge to get in touch with police immediately. If Farrah herself is seeing these appeals, I would ask her directly to get in touch with police. Your loved ones, friends, and children are eagerly awaiting your safe return.
After the attack in Newtown at 20:00 BST on Tuesday, a murder investigation was initiated following the incident on Summer Lane. Unfortunately, the 26-year-old man who was taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries saw his condition worsen, and he passed away. Det Inps Paul Joyce of West Midlands Police stated that no arrests have been made, and police are working to contact the man's family. He appealed for the attacker to come forward and provided more details on the murder investigation. "We have several lines of enquiry and it is only a matter of time before we come knocking at your door," he added.
The fact that the government is no longer even the biggest shareholder marks an important return to near normality. Since 2013, the government stake has been sold off gradually, with the first sales in a couple of large portions followed by a steady trickle. This moment was inevitable at some point. The government still holds almost 6%, but global investor Blackrock now surpasses that, and Lloyds is set to return to complete private ownership later this year, allowing taxpayers to recover all the funds they invested. It hasn't been an easy ride. Pretty much out of the woods, Lloyds can be considered while not risk-free, hampered and delayed by the huge compensation costs of PPI mis-selling and intermittent market turbulence, the process. As a plain vanilla UK savings and lending bank, Lloyds was always going to be an easier bank to fix than RBS which is still about 71% owned by the taxpayer. As a global bank with fingers in most of the pies that got burnt during the crisis, RBS has paid out over Â£50bn in fines and compensation and has its biggest reckoning yet to come. It is still facing a bill from US authorities which could end up in the double digit billions for its role in the subprime mis-selling scandal that started the whole financial crisis in the first place. While those negotiations could come to a head as early as this week (watch out for separate blog on this), RBS won't reach the point Lloyds did today for many, many years to come.
Today he is an SNP MP, representing more than 75,000 constituents of Dumfries and Galloway, the region in which he was born and raised. It has been a major turnaround for the man who voted 'no' to devolution in 1997. By the time the referendum came round last year, he had become a vocal supporter of independence. It wasn't until after the vote that he joined the party, despite often sharing a platform with SNP politicians at local debates. He now emphasizes that his primary loyalty is to the people of Dumfries and Galloway - not the SNP. "If the interests of the people who put me in this position conflict with my party's interests, I will side with them, there's no question about that," he said. "I'm passionate about the area, it feels as if sometimes we are the forgotten region in the forgotten corner of the United Kingdom and I want that to change and I want to headline that being changed over the next few years. " " To some in the south of Scotland, the SNP is responsible for centralising services to the central belt. With the formation of Police Scotland, the Dumfries control room was one of several across the country that closed, leading to fears of a lack of local knowledge amongst emergency call handlers. Did Mr Arkless agree with that decision? "I didn't know a great deal about it at the time," he said. "I wasn't a politician, I was working as a lawyer. "Naturally, it doesn't sit comfortably with me but I do understand it was a recommendation made by Police Scotland in the overall scheme of things with the cuts they had to face. " His first 100 days in office have not been without incident. In July, Scottish Secretary David Mundell made a controversial visit to a food bank in Mr Arkless's constituency. Shortly afterwards the SNP politician lodged a complaint to the Speaker and Cabinet Office, claiming Mr Mundell did not give him "proper notice" that he would be performing a public engagement on his patch. Despite that, Mr Arkless insists the pair have a "excellent" working relationship as neighbouring MPs. He said: "I've been to the Scotland Office to see David three or four times since I've been elected, since this kicked off three or four weeks ago. "And we agreed very rationally that of course there will be times when David and I disagree profusely. I think it would be strange if we didn't. "But we are neighbouring MPs and we have lots of mutual interests and I have committed, and he has committed very kindly, to working together on those mutual interests regardless of what our political differences may be. " He said they had already held talks on the possibility of a Borderlands "enterprise zone" encapsulating parts of Dumfries and Galloway. It is one a series of "meaty" projects Mr Arkless hopes to get his teeth into once he has staff and offices in place to assist his new role. He has held talks with developers about an "extremely exciting" top secret project between Heathhall and Locharbriggs in Dumfries, and is also hoping to see progress on the Stranraer regeneration project. "There is a disconnect in Stranraer between the plans that are happening and what the public understands it to be," he said. "So I'm going to try as hard as I can to act as a conduit over the next few months so at least the community of Stranraer feels ownership and can have a say in what's going on in that particular development. " In addition, he plans to meet representatives of Ofcom and internet providers to try to speed up the extension of fibre optic broadband into rural areas and fix a number of 4G blackspots. He singled out Moniave as a village "full or artists and musicians" which does not benefit from a good internet connection. "There's a whole range of places across the constituency that are absolutely bustling with energy and enthusiasm and until they can get digital connections they are really hamstrung," he said. He said the highlights of his political career have included using the power of the SNP group against the Conservative government. He said: "We've managed to make the government think again on human rights. We managed to make them commit that they won't hold the EU referendum on the same day as the Scottish Parliament elections. "And we've also managed to make them backtrack on amending the Hunting Act, which we thought was a bit of an achievement. " However, it is the work that he has put in to helping constituents that has really stood out for him. "The real joy of the job so far has been back at home in the constituency for the last few weeks and going to meet so many individual constituents that need your help, so many businesses, organisations that want you to lend a hand," he said. "It's the humility in that you're in a position now where you can exercise influence and people realise this. Often just listening to them and hearing what they've got to say, and saying that you'll do something, meets with this enormous gratitude that is extremely humbling. " It has led to him committing to giving away about Â£350 a month - his controversial MP's pay rise - to the most needy in the region. "It's become clear to me. that I need to use this position as much as I possibly can to help the people who live and work here," he said.
He addressed a rally in Istanbul as the count neared completion. With more than 99% of ballots counted, "Yes" was on 51. 35% and "No" on 48. 65%. Erdogan supporters say replacing the parliamentary system with an executive presidency will modernise the country. The two main opposition parties are challenging the results. The "Yes" vote, if confirmed, could also see Mr Erdogan remain in office until 2029. Three people were shot dead near a polling station in the south-eastern province of Diyarbakir, reportedly during a dispute over how they were voting. Supporters are streaming into the governing AK party's headquarters here in Ankara, car horns and campaign songs blaring - they are convinced the "Yes" side has won and that President Erdogan now has a mandate for the biggest political reform in Turkey's modern history. The president has claimed victory but the opposition disputes it, complaining of massive irregularities with the voting, suggesting the state news agency manipulated results and vowing to challenge them with the supreme election board. Turkey has shown itself more polarised than ever tonight. And if the protests gather steam, this could get ugly. Critics abroad fear Erdogan's reach The day a Turkish writer's life changed They would represent the most sweeping programme of constitutional changes since Turkey became a republic almost a century ago. The president would be given vastly enhanced powers to appoint cabinet ministers, issue decrees, choose senior judges and dissolve parliament. The new system would scrap the role of prime minister and concentrate power in the hands of the president, placing all state bureaucracy under his control. Mr Erdogan said the changes were needed to address Turkey's security challenges nine months after an attempted coup, and to avoid the fragile coalition governments of the past. "This public vote is [about] a new governing system in Turkey, a choice about change and transition," he said after casting his vote in Istanbul. The new system, he argued, would resemble those in France and the US and would bring calm in a time of turmoil marked by a Kurdish insurgency, Islamist militancy and conflict in neighbouring Syria, which has led to a huge refugee influx. The referendum, the BBC's Mark Lowen reports, was effectively one on Mr Erdogan and the Turkey he has moulded in his image: fiercely nationalist and conservative. The Republican People's Party (CHP) has demanded a recount of 60% of the votes. Critics of the proposed changes fear the move would make the president's position too powerful, arguing that it would amount to one-man rule, without the checks and balances of other presidential systems. They say his ability to retain ties to a political party - Mr Erdogan could resume leadership of the AK Party - would end any chance of impartiality. Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of the CHP, told a rally in Ankara a "Yes" vote would endanger the country. "We will put 80 million people. on a bus with no brakes," he said. "No" supporters have complained of intimidation during the referendum campaign and that Turkey's highly regulated media has given them little coverage. Many Turks already fear growing authoritarianism in their country, where tens of thousands of people have been arrested, and at least 100,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs, since a coup attempt last July. The campaign unfolded under a state of emergency imposed in the wake of the failed putsch. Mr Erdogan assumed the presidency, meant to be a largely ceremonial position, in 2014 after more than a decade as prime minister. This once stable corner of the region has in recent years been convulsed by terror attacks and millions of refugees, mostly from Syria, have arrived. At the same time, the middle class has ballooned and infrastructure has been modernised. Under Mr Erdogan, religious Turks have been empowered. Relations with the EU have deteriorated, with Mr Erdogan engaging in bitter sparring with European governments that banned rallies by his ministers in their countries during the referendum campaign. He stated in one of his last rallies that a resounding "Yes" vote would "serve as a lesson to the West," referring to the bans as "Nazi acts. " Turkey's dominant president, the ultranationalists who could sway Erdogan. The draft states that the next presidential and parliamentary elections will be held on 3 November 2019. The president would have a five-year tenure, for a maximum of two terms.
Concerns over figures for August had been expressed by MSPs John Lamont and Jim Hume. NHS Borders said that equipment failure had led to a "disappointing level" of cancellations. It said that work was under way to ensure that performance improved in an area where issues were already highlighted earlier this year. Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire Conservative MSP Mr Lamont said it was the fourth month in a row in which statistics for NHS Borders had been poor. He said 63% of all cancelled operations were pulled by the hospital for "capacity or non-clinical reasons" while the national figure was just 17%. He said: "These figures show hard working staff at NHS Borders continue to be let down by a lack of support from the Scottish government. " South of Scotland Lib Dem MSP Jim Hume highlighted figures which showed that 7. 7% of all operations were cancelled in the Borders due to capacity or non-clinical reasons in August, around twice the level of the previous two months. "Questions need to be asked of the health secretary as to why NHS Borders is continually being forced to cancel operations due to capacity or non-clinical reasons, and why there's now a doubling of cancellations since June," he said. "Clearly the SNP government isn't putting enough support where it should be, resulting in staff shortages and added pressure on existing staff. " NHS Borders attributed the rise to the failure of its airflow system. Evelyn Rodger, director of nursing, midwifery and acute services, said: "I recognise that a cancelled procedure is extremely frustrating for a patient and their family. "The safety and clinical needs of our patients will always be considered first. "The failure of the laminar air flow system has had quite an impact on our theatre cancellations this month. " She said immediate action was taken to fix the problem but it did mean that one of the theatres was out of action for four days. "August also saw a high number of emergency admissions requiring surgery, which meant that in nine cases, the emergency procedures took clinical priority," she added. "No one takes a decision to cancel a procedure lightly - it matters too much to our patients - and a dedicated piece of work is under way to improve our performance in this area. " A spokeswoman for the Scottish government confirmed that one operating theatre was unavailable for four days. She added: "The decision for a board to postpone an elective procedure is never taken lightly and NHS Borders has been working to ensure disruption to patients is kept to an absolute minimum. "Any postponed procedures will be rescheduled at the earliest opportunity. "Under this Government, NHS Borders budget has increased by Â£41. NHS Borders' budget increased by 2 in 2015/16. 8% to a record Â£184. 9m, an increase of 1. 8% above inflation. ".
The 25-year-old will now go into the IPL auction on 4 February. Stokes, who has played 18 T20 internationals, said that the Twenty20 tournament runs from 5 April to 21 May, but he is likely to be involved in England's one-day series against Ireland on 5 May. "It's a good opportunity to go away and experience different competitions," he added. " England begin a one-day series against India on Sunday. Stokes' international team-mates Sam Billings and Jos Buttler are already contracted to IPL teams, while Jason Roy has put himself forward for the auction. Alex Hales and limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan are also expected to be in the auction, although it is not yet clear how long England will allow them to play for. After the Ireland series, England host the Champions Trophy in June, but Stokes said he would he happy to return early from the IPL for England duty. "If they want us to come back and report for England, which is our job, then we'll come back and have no complaints," he said. "This year's IPL is a chance for not just myself but other England guys to experience what it's like and see a different side to T20 cricket. ".
Hartlepool, 23rd in League Two and two points adrift of safety ahead of the final game of the season against Doncaster, saw their manager Dave Jones sacked on 24 April after club president Jeff Stelling called for him to leave during a live television broadcast. Chief executive Pam Duxbury will take over Coxall's duties while continuing in her current role. "I will happily step aside if my chairmanship is a factor in preventing that togetherness," Coxall told the club website. "There has been some criticism of me over the previous few months, some justified and some completely untrue and so wide of the mark it's incredible. " "However, now is not the time to address those points, but I am confident that over the coming months it will be clear the club has always come first, even before my own family in some cases. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device The Active People Survey found the number of participants has increased by 250,000 since the organisation launched its This Girl Can campaign in 2014. The difference between the number of men and women playing sport has narrowed to 1. 55 million. Overall, there were 229,400 more people playing regular sport than last year. The total number of over-16s playing sport in the 12 months up to 30 September 2016 increased to 15. 97 million. The figure is 1. With 88 million higher than that of 2005, when London won the right to host the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, Sport England chief executive Jennie Price said: "These figures are really encouraging, especially the substantial increase in the number of women playing sport and being active every week. " "Our This Girl Can campaign set out to tackle the gender gap, so to reduce it significantly in just two years shows we are making a difference. " Sport England said going to the gym remained "hugely popular" with 7. An increase of 286,400 people is observed on a weekly basis, totaling 10 million. Additionally, exercise classes such as spinning, pilates, and boxercise remain popular among a large number of individuals, particularly women. " Find out how to get into just about any sport with our special guides Other sports to have seen a rise in participation include netball, up 25,400 to 180,200, hockey up 4,500 to 92,700 and gymnastics, up 13,400 to 65,100. Swimming saw an increase of 11,000 following several years of decline to reach a total of 2. 52m people swimming at least once a week, while participation in football rose by 29,900 to 1. 84 million. However, Sport England said there had been a decline in two sports which had grown strongly in the past: athletics and cycling. Athletics is down 5% to 108,400, while cycling participation fell 4% to 85,200. It said both sports "remain popular with people in midlife", but were struggling to attract people under the age of 25.
He was struck by an upright section of the post, which narrowly missed a group of people when it came "crashing down" at Shrewsbury Rugby Club. The 46-year-old had been watching his son play for the under-12s visiting side, Oswestry. The club, which has suspended all matches, said he was now "conscious and speaking" and under observation. The incident is currently under investigation by Shropshire Council's public protection team, with updates on this story and other Shropshire news available. Nigel Dolman, a BBC reporter who was at the ground, has spoken to spectators who had witnessed the accident, and the Rugby Football Union has been notified, with the club announcing that all games will be postponed pending safety checks. "Part of the upright post came crashing down, narrowly missing a group of spectators, and hit the man on the head," he said. He said there had been a "light wind" but the incident was not thought to be weather-related. The reporter, who helped carry the ambulance trolley across the muddy field, said about 15 to 20 people had been watching the match. The man, who had been treated by an off-duty hospital trauma specialist watching a different game, was taken to Royal Shrewsbury Hospital by an ambulance crew who arrived just after 11:50 GMT. Club chairman Giles Alton, who has been speaking to the man's wife at the hospital, wished him a speedy recovery. He said the exact nature of his injuries was not yet known.
That's the situation facing the owners of Neverland Ranch, the former home of pop star Michael Jackson. Since May, the well-known gated estate, now called Sycamore Valley Ranch, has been on the market. Consequently, they are now targeting Asia's super wealthy after months without a sale. The asking price? About $100m ((Â£66m) according to a listing on Hong Kong-based Luxify, an online marketplace that specialises in buying and selling luxury items and connecting buyers to dealers. It makes money by charging for listings and all its transactions are completed offline. Launched in March, the privately-owned online firm now has offices in Singapore and London, but says about 70% of its 21,000 active buyers are based in Asia. Which is why co-founder Alexis Zirah says he's confident he'll be able to sell Neverland - most likely to a Chinese buyer. "We are working online as well as offline to find the right buyer," he says. "You have to remember that Chinese people are the biggest foreign investors in the US property market. " Statistics from the US National Association of Realtors confirm that Chinese investors purchased $22bn worth of residential real estate in the 12 months to March, a 72% increase from the year before. So it's no surprise Neverland is just one of a number of celebrity homes and famous castles listed on Luxify. Putting up Michael Jordan's Chicago mansion last week, the online firm listed a property the basketball star has been trying to sell for several years. The offer price for the 56,000 sq ft property today? Just under $15m - or almost half the amount it was first listed for in 2012. In addition to multimillion dollar homes, Mr Zirah and his business partner Florian Martigny list cars, jewellery, wine, yachts and collectibles, but more than half of their products are second-hand. Buying pre-loved luxury items used to be taboo in Asia, but attitudes are changing quickly, especially as regional customers look for bargains online. "This is completely new," says Mr Martigny. "Two, three years ago, nobody in Asia was buying pre-owned luxury items," he explains. Adding that there is still stigma against it, he shows off a second-hand Italian sports car listed for more than $3m. Globally, the online second-hand luxury industry is still small, but according to a 2014 study by management consultants Bain & Company, it's growing quickly, twelvefold since 2007. Bain & Company's Claudia D'Arpizio estimates the market for second-hand luxury clothing, accessories, watches and jewellery was worth about 16 billion euros ($17bn) in 2014. "While this market threatens new product sales, it is simultaneously turning luxury goods into durables with an increasingly defined re-sell price, thus increasing their value," she says. A rival report from McKinsey & Company estimates that luxury online sales grew by 50% from 2013 to 2014, reaching 14bn euros ($14. 8bn; Â£9. 93),  representing 6% of the global luxury market for personal goods. Perhaps nothing else embodies the convergence of luxury, technology and the sharing economy as much as the rise of online second-hand sites like Luxify and Guiltless, another firm that's set to launch a consignment site - a marketplace for people to sell on their possessions. Guiltless was founded in Hong Kong by 25-year-old Yen Kuok, youngest daughter of Malaysian billionaire Robert Kuok and is set to launch in Hong Kong and Singapore in January. Ms Kuok started Guiltless after trying to sell her high-end clothes and accessories to consignment sites in the US, where she attended university. "They were very keen, but they said they didn't take items from Asia," she says. "In fact, they didn't take items outside Europe or the US. I was quite shocked. " Her site has since collected about 3,000 pieces - mostly dresses, handbags and shoes - of which 40% are second-hand. The rest are new items, usually from past collections. Ms Kuok estimates the goods will be offered at discounts of between 30% and 80% off their original retail price. "Even if people in Asia don't admit it, they are looking for a deal. They're looking for value for money," she says. "In Europe, people carry an expensive handbag for life. In Asia, people want a new model every year. " Guiltless will launch with six full-time and six part-time employees and has plans to target shoppers like Vinnie Ong - a 25-year-old investment banker working in Hong Kong. Ms Ong says her first luxury purchase was a pair of ballet slipper style shoes when she was 18 from designer Tory Burch. After graduating from university and landing a well-paying job, her enthusiasm grew. She began to buy handbags from brands such as Celine, Valentino, Louis Vuitton and Prada. But after snapping up a pristine second-hand Prada handbag for about half its retail price, Ms Ong says she was quickly drawn to shopping on consignment websites. "I was getting an almost-new item at a really great price. It was a very positive experience," she explains. Ms Ong estimates that she has spent about $10,000 on handbags this year and says about half of them are second-hand. "I will probably increase my luxury spending as I get older, in line with my spending power," she says. Meanwhile, new and emerging business like Guiltless and Luxify are counting on shoppers around the world to do much the same.
The match was called off for security reasons before Portugal's football association offered a alternate venue. The Belgium team will train at the King Baudouin Stadium, where the match was originally to be staged, on Wednesday. The game will be played next Tuesday (19:45 GMT), as initially scheduled. Captain Vincent Kompany was "horrified and revolted" by the incidents. "I wish for Brussels to act with dignity," he wrote on Twitter. "We are all hurting, yet we must reject hate and its preachers. Their match against Spain in Brussels was called off in November due to the Paris atrocities, which killed 130 people. It may be as hard as it is. Meanwhile, the Netherlands will play France in Amsterdam - 108 miles away from Brussels - as planned on Friday. This week's round of international friendlies are warm-up games before Euro 2016 in France. Starting on 10 June, the tournament includes 24 teams that will play 51 matches at 10 venues throughout the country. The Stade de France was one of the targets in the November terror attacks on the French capital. Media playback is not supported on this device Uefa said it would continue to "monitor the level of risk for the tournament" but added there were "no plans to play matches behind closed doors". Wales manager Chris Coleman, whose side are making their European Championship debut, said it should go ahead as planned. "It's such a huge event, everybody wants to see it, not just countries involved," he said. "Football is the biggest sport in the world, everyone wants to see it and it would be robbing people of what they love. " Martin Kallen, Uefa operations director, told BBC Sport that fan zones around the tournament - where large numbers of football supporters gather to watch games on large screens - will still be set up.
Costel Pantilimon could return from an ankle problem, and Daryl Janmaat's groin injury will also be assessed. Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster is expected to start after overcoming a minor thigh issue picked up in the EFL Cup final last Sunday. Defender Martin Caceres awaits his Saints debut, while Virgil van Dijk is still sidelined with an ankle injury. Steve Wilson: "This is the only Premier League game Southampton will play between 11 February and 19 March, so Claude Puel will be especially keen to see a points return from Vicarage Road. The Frenchman will also feel that he is due a slice of luck after Wembley. "Walter Mazzarri's Watford look destined for another creditable mid-table finish, but that's unlikely to earn the Italian an invitation to stay a second season. "Mazzarri is the eighth manager employed by the Pozzo family since their ownership of the club began in 2012, and has been wise enough not to invest too much time in learning English. "A pat on the back and a pay-off is probably what Mazzarri expects in the summer. That is unless Watford should slump between now and May - in which case he can forget the pat on the back. Walter Mazzarri, head coach of Watford, stated on Twitter @Wilsonfooty that Southampton played a great game in the EFL Cup final and might be feeling disappointed as they could have at least gone to extra time or even won the cup. "We will find out on Saturday if they will react or not, but no one can predict this." "We got confirmation that they are a very well-organised team and a very strong team. " Southampton manager Claude Puel on his side's fixture schedule: "My biggest job now is to prepare the team for the difficulty of the calendar. "We will play two games in a month after playing every three days since the beginning of the season. Losing at Wembley against Manchester United last weekend was unlucky for Southampton, so now they can fully focus on the league. It's crazy - crazy for us and difficult. But I don't fancy them to get anything at Vicarage Road. This is a tough game to call but I am going to go with the Hornets. Prediction: 2-1 Lawro's full predictions v former England cricket captain David Gower. Head-to-head Watford Southampton SAM (Sports Analytics Machine) is a super-computer created by @ProfIanMcHale at the University of Salford that is used to predict the outcome of football matches.
Advertised for applications on their website, Fecafoot placed Alexandre Belinga (pictured) in temporary charge of the Indomitable Lions following Finke's dismissal. As interim coach, Belinga helped Cameroon reach the next round of 2018 World Cup qualifying, beating Niger 3-0 away and drawing 0-0 at home. Fecafoot says it is open to looking at applications from a foreign coach - not just native Cameroonians - and has given a deadline of 15 December for applications to be submitted. The Federation also outlines an intriguing list of requirements for anyone hoping to become the next Cameroon coach. On a professional level, knowledge of African football is required as well as football coaching certificates and experience in coaching elite football clubs. The advertisement also asks applicants to "have won trophies", speak French and or English and "be willing to permanently reside in Cameroon. " Since Finke's sacking, speculation has been rife in Cameroonian and international media about who his replacement may be. 67-year-old Claude Le Roy, who recently resigned from the Congolese national team, is a former Cameroon coach and has previously indicated a desire to end his career with the Indomitable Lions. He is a favourite of Cameroonian legend Roger Milla who is thought to support the idea of having Le Roy back with Cameroon. Herve Renard, another Frenchman, has been connected to the position. Renard, who was dismissed from French club Lille last month, is currently on the market. With wins at the Africa Cup of Nations with Zambia in 2012 and Ivory Coast in 2015, he has a good African football record. After the 15 December deadline passes, a Fecafoot committee will scrutinise the applications and then create a shortlist of five from where the new Cameroon coach will be selected.
The 12 January fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season. Indiana lost in the first round of the play-offs last season, while the Nuggets failed to make it out of the Western Conference. At the O2 in January, the Toronto Raptors secured a 106-103 victory over the Orlando Magic. The first regular-season game in the UK was the New Jersey Nets' 116-103 win over the Raptors in March 2011.
Lodged the lawsuit against UBS and various associates at a US bankruptcy court, Irving Picard - acting as trustee for Madoff's victims. Fees were earned by the bank for promoting and administering Madoff's funds, which has made no comment on the charges. Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison for the scheme exposed in 2008. The fraudster claimed high and stable returns for his investment fund over many years, attracting large investments from wealthy individuals. In reality, the fund was worth only a fraction of what he claimed, and Madoff relied on "feeder funds" - such as those managed by UBS - in order to attract new investor money that could then be used to pay out the bogus return to existing investors. David Sheehan, a lawyer acting on behalf of the trustee, Mr Picard, stated that Madoff's scheme would not have been possible without UBS agreeing not just to turn a blind eye, but also to feign asset and trade verification while never actually doing so. The lawsuit alleges that UBS and its co-defendants earned around $80m in fees from their dealings with Madoff over several years. UBS "chose to enable Madoff's fraud for their own gain", claimed the trustee, and the bank's involvement gave the fraudster "an aura of legitimacy". The Swiss bank is not alone in being accused of complicity in the fraud. Mr Picard has filed at least 19 other lawsuits against other feeder funds, and is seeking to recover $17. 5bn in total, including the money claimed from UBS.
Marching from Warwick Castle to Pageant Gardens in the town was a band of soldiers from the Ministry of Defence's (MoD) Kineton Station. Kineton Station boasts a permanent staff of over 200 military personnel. The parade was followed by an open day at Marlborough Barracks, Southam.
Adam John Clifford, aged 31 from Bristol, and Andrew Richard Sigley, aged 40 from Weston-super-Mare, tragically lost their lives in the incident on Feeder Road on Sunday evening when the car, which was traveling from the direction of Short Street, failed to stop and ended up driving into the canal. Praising a man and a woman who jumped in to try to save the men, a spokesman for Avon and Somerset Police mentioned that despite emergency services launching a "complex and challenging" rescue operation, the men were pronounced dead at the scene. The police stated that the car failed to negotiate the junction, crashed into the bollards, and then entered the canal.
"Our Greatest Team Parade" will take place in London on Monday 10 September, the day after the Paralympics finishes. The procession will leave London's Mansion House at 13:30 BST and will travel past Trafalgar Square, through Admiralty Arch and into The Mall. A similar parade took place four years ago after the Beijing Games. Spectators can turn up on the day to watch the first part of the parade up to Trafalgar Square, although they have been warned to arrive as early as possible because viewing areas will be closed when they are full. The area from Admiralty Arch to the Queen Victoria Memorial will be ticketed and reserved. Groups who have made a crucial contribution to the running of the Games and the success of the British athletes will go to places. The parade will consist of 14,000 volunteers, police, fire and ambulance staff, military personnel, coaches, support staff, friends and family of the athletes, and schoolchildren from every London borough. Starting from Mansion House, it will follow Queen Victoria Street and Cannon Street, passing by St Paul's Cathedral. It then moves down Fleet Street, past Aldwych and into The Strand before reaching Trafalgar Square, where there will be a big screen at the bottom of Nelson's Column showing proceedings with live commentary. Mayor of London Boris Johnson said: "This is a chance to celebrate the heroes and heroines who have thrilled us with their skills, sportsmanship, and grace during London's spectacular Olympic and Paralympic Games, and whose names and triumphs will live on for centuries to come. "The parade, according to Andy Hunt, chief executive of the British Olympic Association, offers a wonderful opportunity for the nation to acknowledge and celebrate the remarkable achievements of this exceptional group of athletes. Equally important, it allows members of Team GB to express their gratitude for the truly inspiring support they received from the public during the London 2012 Games. " " The British Paralympic Association chief executive Tim Hollingsworth said: "We know we have to focus on what is still to come at the 2012 Paralympic Games. "But it's also right we look ahead to what we hope will be a fantastic outcome for our team and in particular the performances and medals won that will excite and inspire the nation once again. " The parade will be broadcast live on BBC One and the BBC News Channel. Gary Lineker and Gabby Logan will present the programme with guests including Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson and Colin Jackson. Jake Humphrey and Sonali Shah will be on the floats interviewing athletes with Huw Edwards and Hazel Irvine providing commentary throughout.
Stuart Broad removed KL Rahul before James Anderson had Murali Vijay caught at gully to leave India 22-2. However, a 226-run partnership between Pujara (119) and Kohli took the early impetus away from England. Captain Kohli ended the day on 151 as India reached stumps at 317-4. It was a good toss for India to win on a pitch that will get harder to bat on, but Pujara and Kohli benefited from England's off-target spin attack. Anderson, playing his first Test since August in place of Chris Woakes, took 3-44 but it was a tough day in the field for England. "The day started brilliantly for England. After that, it was all India until towards the end," said ex-England batsman Geoffrey Boycott on BBC Test Match Special. Kohli has struggled against England in the past. He averaged 13. 40 during India's tour of England in 2014 but his unbeaten 49 on the fifth day in Rajkot showed a determination to change that. Arriving at the crease with his side 22-2, Kohli played himself in before putting away the bad balls. He punished the spinners when they dropped short, coming down the pitch to drive them to the boundary. He offered only one real chance when Rashid, diving forward at fine leg, could not hold on to a pull off a furious Ben Stokes. Kohli guided Pujara through a tricky period before lunch, the pair working away singles, before going on to register his 14th Test century. "It's been a measured innings, and Kohli is never dull because he's such a beautiful player," said former England spinner Vic Marks on BBC Test Match Special. England's spinners could not back up their improved performance in the first Test, with Kohli and Pujara refusing to allow them to settle. Broad and Anderson's aggressive start snared two wickets, Rahul edging to Stokes at third slip before Vijay was caught via the shoulder of his bat. The pitch began to break up after the first few overs but England found little turn. Zafar Ansari was targeted from the start, first patiently and then aggressively, and Moeen Ali could not keep a consistent line to either batsman. It meant that the bulk of the bowling fell to Adil Rashid, who improved as the game progressed but still bowled too many short balls in his 26 overs. "Cook has had to turn to Rashid to bowl in a role you would not expect," said Marks. "It tells you that he is more valued and trusted than he was. " Ex-England captain Michael Vaughan on Test Match Special: India have learned they can put England's spinners under more pressure. This is always the challenge for England bowlers, spinners in particular. Can they hold length? So far they haven't been able to do that. Ansari has bowled some right out of the pie drawer. I look at Ansari, and he's a batsman who bowls a bit. Rajkot and the way England played is just a memory now. This has more of a feeling of what we saw from the spinners in Bangladesh. BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew: It isn't quite a case of win the toss, win the match, but batting first in these conditions does give India a huge advantage. England went 39 overs without bowling a single maiden and the spinners reverted to pre-Rajkot type, with at least one bad ball per over to be fully punished. Serenely beginning, Pujara, who scored 124 at Rajkot, narrowly avoided running himself out three times during a half-hour spell. The 28-year-old has torn the anterior cruciate ligament in both his knees in the past, leading to surgery and limiting his running at the crease. Paired with Kohli, who used quick singles to put pressure on the spinners, Pujara struggled, twice setting off for singles and having to dive to make his ground. It took a word from the captain to calm him down. Patiently he played, striking the bad balls away and smashing Ansari for six into the stands as he hit 13 from one over. In emphatic style, his century was brought up, clattering away a long hop from Rashid for another six. It took the return of Anderson and a short, wide delivery to dismiss him as he tried to cut and edged to Jonny Bairstow behind the stumps. When Broad turned at the top of his mark for the final over before tea, he was stopped by the umpire as a dog dashed across the outfield. The groundstaff chased the dog off the pitch, before the dog evaded them and hared back on to the wicket. The umpires were then forced to call tea midway through the over as staff, after throwing a shoe at the intruder, finally managed to remove the dog safely from the ground. England bowler James Anderson, returning from a fractured shoulder, told Sky Sports: "I knew there was going to be some rustiness there in the early stages. To get into the game and get a wicket early, that made a big difference. "It's the sort of wicket as a seam bowler, where if you get anything out of the day you feel as if you've really achieved something because there's not a lot there. "It's one of those pitches where if you get in, and get set, you can bat on it for a long time. The cracks are already misbehaving a little bit so this pitch will deteriorate more than Rajkot. " India batsman Cheteshwar Pujara, who made his third successive Test century:"I am happy with the way I started this series and I wanted to continue that today. "Especially after we lost the two wickets, we wanted to build a partnership and bat through the sessions. I was confident because I scored a hundred in the last game. "The way we have started anything above 500 is good for us but we just want to keep batting. Hopefully we'll build a big total and won't have to bat again. ".
Hassan Rouhani also said the programme would be more advanced than in 2015, when Iran curbed its nuclear activities as part of a deal with world powers. Iran says unilateral US sanctions targeting its ballistic missile programme breach the agreement. But the US says Iran's missile tests have violated a UN resolution. The resolution endorsed the nuclear deal and called upon Iran not to "undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using such ballistic missile technology". Iran says the missiles it has tested are not designed to carry nuclear warheads and insists its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful. US President Donald Trump has repeatedly threatened to pull out of the nuclear agreement, and after a missile test at the end of January his administration declared that the US would no longer turn "a blind eye to Iran's hostile and belligerent actions". While acknowledging that the test was "not a direct violation" of the nuclear agreement, it imposed sanctions on 25 individuals and entities connected to its missile programme and the powerful Revolutionary Guards force. Further sanctions targeting six Iranian companies were announced in late July following Iran's launch of a rocket capable of putting a satellite into orbit. And earlier this month, Mr Trump signed into law a bill passed by Congress that requires the president to impose sanctions on individuals facilitating Iran's ballistic missile programme, "foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affiliates" of the Revolutionary Guards, and on those responsible for human rights abuses. On Sunday, Iran's MPs responded to the move by voting overwhelmingly in favour of legislation to increase the budget for the country's ballistic missile programme and the Revolutionary Guards' external operations arm, the Quds Force. In a speech to parliament on Tuesday, Iran's president stressed that Iran wanted to abide by its commitments under the nuclear deal, which he called a "model of victory for peace and diplomacy". Mr. Rouhani cautioned, however, that this was not the "sole choice". He said that those who try to return to the language of threats and sanctions are stuck in their past delusions. If they desire to revisit that scenario, it is certain that in a brief period - not weeks or months, but in terms of hours and days - we will revert to our prior state with even greater strength. " He said the world had seen clearly that under President Trump the US was "not a good partner or a reliable negotiator", noting that he had said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord and reverse parts of an agreement with Cuba.
The freak weather brought roads and railway services to a standstill in parts of Sussex, Essex and London. More than half the average total rain for England in July fell in an hour in some areas, the Met Office said. London Fire Brigade said it had to help people trapped in their cars across the capital. Network Rail said most train services were returning to normal following earlier delays and cancellations caused by flooding and an electricity substation being struck by lightning. However, services to Brighton are not stopping at Worthing because of flooding in the station subway. In London, the Metropolitan Line is running with severe delays because of flooding. Flights to and from Gatwick Airport were also delayed by the weather. The town of Great Dunmow in Essex was inundated by 43mm (1. 7in) of rain within an hour, while residents in Isfield, Sussex, were hit with 37mm (1. 5in) of rain. Fire crews took five people in the village of Thaxted, Essex to safety after a road collapsed and several homes were left flooded. In north-west London, two women had to be rescued from a car stranded in flash floods outside South Ruislip station. London Fire Brigade reported that two stranded cars were dealt with on Eastcote Road in Harrow. According to the AA's Special Operations Response Team, at one stage six cars were stuck in floodwater in Uxbridge, west London. Additionally, fifty properties were flooded at Bedford Road in Ruislip. Jamie Davis, 17, from Ickenham, west London, mentioned that the downpours started at 09, accompanied by flashing lightning and loud thunderclaps. 00 BST and lasted for at least 45 minutes. "My back garden is completely flooded. The drains are bubbling up and we can't flush the toilet," he said. In Sussex, Southern Water said torrential rain had caused sewers to be "overwhelmed by the sheer volume of water". East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service received about 300 calls within a few hours, while a further 60 calls were passed on to Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service as part of emergency resilience arrangements. It said its crews had dealt with a large number of weather-related emergency calls which had included flooding, lightning strikes "and false alarms caused by the weather". Sussex residents said the storm there started at 05:30 BST with hailstorms particularly heavy in the region. Writing on Twitter, Laurence Hill said: "Used to be roads. Now rivers of hail. Never seen anything like it. " Brighton and Hove Police posted: "Localised flooding in Hove and Portslade, some roads not passable. Please do not enter flood water on foot or in cars. " PC Andy Huggett, of Sussex Police, said: "Heavy rain after a long warm spell invariably leads to slippery roads and drivers need to immediately adjust to the new conditions. "Along with the surface conditions, there are the added hazards of very heavy rain, flash flooding and poor visibility and it is essential that drivers make allowances. " Brighton and Hove City Council said essential services had been maintained across the city, and drains were starting to carry away the water now the rain had subsided. "City Clean are working with East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service to clear roadside gullies. "The refuse and recycling service is operating normally but might be a bit slower due to the weather," a spokesman said. The council said its offices in Kings House had been closed due to flooding in the basement which was threatening some of the main electrical panels. It said staff had relocated to other buildings, and there would be some disruption to services.
It follows the UK Supreme Court rejecting the US presidential hopeful's appeal against plans for 11 turbines off Aberdeen, close to his golfing development at Menie. The Trump Organisation said it was not planning to withdraw future investment in the north east, despite the setback. Predicting the wind farm would not happen, Representative George Sorial was taking on the Scottish government, which approved the plan. Former First Minister Alex Salmond said the latest court verdict left Mr Trump a "three-time loser". The Trump Organisation hit back: "Does anyone care what this man thinks? He's a has-been and totally irrelevant. " Mr Trump had begun his challenge to the decision to grant planning permission more than two years ago. He was angry at the Scottish government approving plans for the renewable energy development within sight of his multi-million pound golf development north of Aberdeen. He argued the turbines will spoil the view. Mr Trump made a series of legal challenges in the Scottish courts, and then took the fight to the UK's Supreme Court in London. The planned European legal challenge was revealed by BBC Scotland on Wednesday evening despite the Supreme Court judges delivering a unanimous ruling.
Tipped as the future stars of cinema are Juno Temple, Andrea Riseborough, Elizabeth Olsen, Alicia Vikander, and Life of Pi actor Suraj Sharma. Past winners include James McAvoy, Kristen Stewart, and Tom Hardy. It is the only accolade voted for by the public and will be announced at the ceremony on 10 February. The judging panel, which included Pippa Harris, deputy chair of Bafta's film committee, director Kevin Macdonald, actor Benedict Cumberbatch and film critic Mark Kermode, selected the final five from hundreds of submissions made by film industry figures. Jury chairman Harris said they had "a very tough job" making their selections. British actress Juno Temple, 23, who attended the nominations launch at Bafta headquarters in London, said: "I'm so honoured to be up there with this extraordinary young talent - people I'm inspired by and people whose films I go and see. " Temple's breakthrough role was in Notes on a Scandal (2006), alongside Cate Blanchett, and her other film appearances include Atonement (2007),  The Dark Knight Rises (2012) and she appeared most recently with Matthew McConaughey in dark comedy Killer Joe. Temple said she had heard of the Rising Star award previously in her career, but never imagined she would be a nominee. "It's about people looking at your body of work and congratulating what you've done. That's cool, because I've definitely made some choices that people are either going to love or hate. But I like that, it keeps people on their toes. " Temple's forthcoming movies include fantasy film Horns, in which she has been working with Daniel Radcliffe, and Disney film Maleficent, with Angelina Jolie. Elizabeth Olsen studied at Tisch School of the Arts before she took Sundance by storm in 2011 starring in acclaimed films Martha Marcy May Marlene and Silent House. The 23-year-old stars in the forthcoming Spike Lee remake of Oldboy, opposite Samuel L Jackson and Josh Brolin, and said: "Being considered for this award is a huge honour. "So many actors whom I admire have been recognised in this category and I'm very thankful to Bafta and the jury for selecting me. " Riseborough, 31, who has had roles in Shadow Dancer, Never Let Me Go, Brighton Rock and Happy Go Lucky, recently finished filming with Tom Cruise in sci-fi thriller Oblivion, set for release in April. Speaking about her nomination she said: "Bafta nurtures new talent throughout the international film community so I am so very grateful to be given this fantastic opportunity. " Meanwhile Swedish-born actress Alicia Vikander, 24, who trained with the Royal Swedish Ballet for nine years, made her big-screen debut in Pure by Lisa Langseth. She has had major roles opposite Keira Knightley in Anna Karenina and period drama A Royal Affair with Mads Mikkelsen. This year's only male on the shortlist, Suraj Sharma, got his break when he was picked from 3,000 hopefuls to star in Ang Lee's epic adaptation of the novel Life of Pi. The 19-year-old had no acting experience prior to the role and was living with his parents in the suburbs of South Delhi. However, film critic Kermode insisted the Rising Star award was not strictly for newcomers. "You can be someone who has a track record," he told the BBC. "It's trying to pick people on the cusp of stardom and I do think that all of the nominees are in that position - whether it's Suraj Sharma who's literally arrived at that moment, or Andrea Riseborough who's got a very solid career already. " Last year, Kidulthood star Adam Deacon won the award, beating Chris Hemsworth, Chris O'Dowd, Eddie Redmayne and Tom Hiddleston. Voting is now open until 8 February at ee. co. uk/bafta.
The crash between the Audi and the combine happened at 19:30 BST on Friday on the A1167 near Scremerston. The driver was pronounced dead at the scene by ambulance staff and fire crews who attended, resulting in the road being closed for several hours. An investigation has been initiated, and officers have requested witnesses to come forward.
The Royal College of Physicians is keen to address inconsistencies in the level of resources in hospitals around England and Wales. Experts also want a patient register to help gauge numbers of patients with prolonged disorders of consciousness, which include coma, vegetative state and minimally conscious state. There are no official figures on cases. Derick Wade, professor of neurological rehabilitation at University College London, estimates there are fewer than 10,000 such cases a year but admits there could be more. A register would track patients and record data to enable services to be planned "in a sensible and coherent way", he said. The guidance recommends there should be at least one designated specialist team for assessing people with prolonged disorders of consciousness in each of the 12 healthcare regions in England. Speaking at the launch of the report in London, Prof Wade said: "I hope that at the end of all this, we'll reduce the variation across England and Wales where at the moment you can get a brilliant service, a bad service or no service, so that everybody gets a reasonable service at least. " There is currently not enough capacity in the system to give every patient specialist evaluation and management, but that should be possible in two or three years, said Prof Lynne Turner-Stokes, consultant in rehabilitation medicine at Northwick Park Hospital, London. Stating that decisions regarding care planning and end-of-life management should be made by the responsible senior clinician on the basis of the patient's best interests, the new guidelines, the first since 2003, explain who is responsible for making decisions about the care of patients, including end-of-life care. Carers are encouraged, however, to consult with the family and other loved ones when determining the best course of action. In situations where food and drink are to be withheld, a judge of the Court of Protection must make the decision. Prof Turner-Stokes said people could help doctors by setting out their wishes in advance in what is called an advance decision to withdraw treatment. "None of us ever thinks that this is going to happen to us, and yet it does happen to quite a number of people per year," she said. Dr Peter Carter, chief executive and general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, commented that the guidance, much needed and informed by nursing experience, aims to address the difficulty faced by clinicians, families, and courts in determining the individual's wishes without having that information. "It provides clarity and in-depth information in terms of treatment as well as emotional support and ethical considerations. " Dr Tony Calland, chairman of the BMA's medical ethics committee, added: "We hope the new guidance from the Royal College of Physicians will help clinicians - and those close to people with prolonged disorders of consciousness - to understand better some of the challenging clinical, ethical and legal issues that providing treatment to this very vulnerable group of patients can present. ".
Rob Camm, 23, from Breadstone, Gloucestershire was paralysed from the neck down in a car crash in 2013. On Friday afternoon, Mr. Camm will graduate in politics and philosophy at the University of Bristol, having used voice recognition software to write essays and controlled his mouse pointer with head movements. "Before the accident, I had always been the type of person who wanted to be the best they can be," he said. He said seeing his result made him "could not believe it" all over again. "I had to keep refreshing the student information page to be sure. Not many people get a first so I'm very proud of managing to do that. "It's been good to get out of the house and have a purpose. Meeting people and socialising has been hard, but many things are possible with some planning. " Mr Camm will now study for a law conversion course at the University of Law in Bristol, and has recently moved to the city from his family home near Berkeley in Gloucestershire.
Suffering from an injury, the 29-year-old was forced to leave the field after only seven minutes in the 2-0 victory against Leicester City on Sunday. Having won the Premier League while on loan at Leicester last season, Dyer will be undergoing surgery in the near future due to his past success. The ex-Southampton player has appeared in five games since Paul Clement took over as Swans manager last month. "The initial prognosis is it doesn't look good," Clement said. Swansea are also without fellow wingers Jefferson Montero (torn hamstring) and Mo Barrow, who is on loan at Leeds United.
Leicester City Council began its boycott in November 2014, saying it opposed "the continuing illegal occupation" of Palestinian territory. Jewish Human Rights Watch is taking legal action against the council. It said the authority should end the boycott following this week's announcement by the UK government. In a statement, the organization said that since November, Leicester has been encouraged to rescind the motion and spare local ratepayers a growing legal expense, which could eventually reach some Â£200,000. "We hope that this announcement will encourage Leicester and other councils to rescind these divisive and offensive motions that harm community relations and instead get back to focusing on delivering local services." " The organisation said the boycott was "anti-Semitic" and likened it to the boycott of Jewish shops in 1930s Nazi Germany. However, Councillor Mohammed Dawood, who introduced the motion, said it was "not an attack on a particular faith", and was instead "about a particular policy". Leicester City Council was asked by the BBC if it was reconsidering its boycott in light of the government's announcement. A spokesperson responded: "Due to ongoing legal proceedings, we are unable to provide any additional comments. New guidance is being issued by the government to public authorities, which states that locally-imposed boycotts are considered "inappropriate" unless there are formal legal sanctions or embargoes in place by the government. The guidance cautions that boycotts risk violating a World Trade Organization agreement signed by both the EU and Israel, which mandates equal treatment for suppliers from all signatory nations. Those who decide to go ahead with a boycott risk being taken to court and fined, the government warned. The Cabinet Office said boycotts could "undermine good community relations, poison and polarise debate, weaken integration and fuel anti-Semitism", as well as hinder the UK's export trade and harm international relationships. Cabinet Office Minister Matt Hancock gave details about the new guidance on Monday, while on a trade mission in Israel. He said: "We have introduced new, clearer guidelines to make it crystal clear. The existing guidelines weren't fully working. " Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has criticised the move, saying it would have outlawed council action against apartheid South Africa. "People have the right to elect local representatives able to make decisions free of central government political control," he said. "That includes withdrawal of investments or procurement on ethical and human rights grounds. ".
Oman were bowled out for 133 with Khurrum Nawaz top scoring on 23 and Scotland's Safyaan Sharif taking 3-33. With an over to spare, the Scots reached their target, thanks to Matt Cross (47) and Calum MacLeod (35 not out). Kevin O'Brien's 40 earlier helped Ireland beat United Arab Emirates by 24 runs to secure a last-four place. Scotland had already been sure of their place in the semi-finals after beating Hong Kong and the Netherlands in Group B. All three remaining games also take place in Dubai on Friday, with Group A winners Afghanistan and Oman contesting the first semi-final before Scotland and Ireland meet, and then the final.
Sean Lynch expressed that he longs to see his family smile and witness their happiness. Causing "extreme and shocking" harm to himself over a span of three days at Maghaberry prison, despite suffering from mental health problems, he used his fingers and thumbs to damage his eyes and claimed to have used a piece of broken glass to injure his groin.
Ilhan Omar, 34,  who wears the hijab, was elected to serve in Minnesota's state house of representatives. The Muslim Somali-American woman becomes the highest-ranking Somali elected to office in the US. Her election comes just days after US President-elect Donald Trump accused Somali immigrants in Minnesota of "spreading their extremist views". Minnesota has the nation's largest Somali community - about 50,000 according to the US census. Ms Omar, celebrating her victory, stated that in the state parliament, she would be the "voice for the marginalised. " "I think I bring the voice of young people. " I think I bring the voice of women in the East African community. Quoted as saying by Minnesota Public Radio, "I bring the voice of Muslims. I bring the voice of young mothers looking for opportunities." Ms Omar escaped from Somalia with her family at the start of the civil war when she was eight years old. They lived in a Kenyan refugee camp for four years, before moving to the US and settling in a Somali-American neighbourhood in Minnesota. Standing for the DFL coalition, which is affiliated to the Democratic Party, Ms Omar won a seat to represent District 60B in the state legislature. She faced nominal opposition after her Republican opponent who had withdrawn from the race for family reasons. During a primary in August she unseated one of the longest-serving members of the Minnesota legislature. Minneapolis's Star Tribune newspaper described her as a "Muslim-American woman who proudly wears the hijab", saying she had been "suddenly thrust into leadership of a rapidly emerging DFL coalition that is younger, more urban and more racially and ethnically diverse than at any time in its history".
The blaze broke out at about 01:00 BST at the premises on Canonbury Street in Berkeley. At the time, four fire engines were called out to the two-storey building that was empty. No-one was hurt. Several people living in the vicinity said they heard a loud "pop" and were awakened by the smell of smoke. The cause of the fire has not yet been verified.
In his previous 10 major finals the man across the net was either Novak Djokovic or Roger Federer, but not this time. To claim his second Wimbledon crown Murray will have to overcome Milos Raonic, who toppled Federer over five sets in the last four. BBC Scotland looks at the man standing between Murray and Wimbledon glory. Similar to Murray's semi-final opponent Tomas Berdych, Raonic possesses enormous power in his serve, something Federer struggled to deal with as first-serves of up to 140mph were raining down on him. The Canadian is currently ranked number seven in the world, but was as high as four last year. No mean feat in this golden age of men's tennis. Media playback is not supported on this device Raonic, 25, is appearing in his first Grand Slam final. He made the last four of Wimbledon in 2014, losing to Federer in straight sets. He also made the semi-finals of this year's Australian Open, losing to Murray. The head-to-head record between Murray and Raonic is 6-4 in the Scot's favour. Their most recent meeting was in the final at Queen's three weeks ago. The world number two prevailed in three sets, but it is one that Raonic feels he let slip away. He was a set and 3-0 up in the best of three sets match, only to allow Murray back into the match to claim a record fifth Queen's Club title. Media playback is not supported on this device Murray will be encouraged by the recent record between the two. He's won the previous five meetings, with his last defeat to Raonic coming at Indian Wells in March 2014. They have met twice in Grand Slams, with Murray prevailing in three sets in the last 16 of the 2012 US Open, and edging a tough five-set encounter in Melbourne in January. An intriguing sideshow to Sunday's main event will be the renewing of the rivalry between two of the game's legends - Ivan Lendl and John McEnroe. Lendl returned to Murray's camp ahead of Queen's after taking a 27-month break from working with the Scot. The Czech was Murray's coach when he claimed his only major titles to date - the 2012 US Open and Wimbledon in 2013. McEnroe joined the Raonic team as a consultant around the same time as Murray's reunion with Lendl. A three-time Wimbledon champion as a player, he appears to have inspired the Canadian to take his game to another level. Lendl and McEnroe were contenders for tennis' biggest prizes throughout the 1980s, Lendl winning eight Grand Slam titles to McEnroe's seven. They did, however, meet just once at Wimbledon, McEnroe winning the 1983 semi-final in straight sets. "There's no doubt Milos Raonic will be a very tough final opponent, after all he beat Roger Federer on Centre Court to get there. "Milos returns well and is good off the ground, but it's pretty obvious that he has one of the best serves out there, so my returning will be key. Media playback is not supported on this device "It's not just by chance that I'm good at returning. I've spent a lot of time practicing and continue to work on it constantly to ensure it's up to par. "No matter how well I perform, chances will likely be scarce on Sunday and I must be relentless. "A few weeks ago, we played in the final at Queen's and I told him 'I hope I get a rematch a few Sundays from now'. He does a lot of things well." I think the biggest challenge for me, which is the thing I don't want to repeat from Queen's, is that I got sucked into his game. I didn't play on my terms and that's going to be the most important thing for me. " "I watched Raonic play Federer and saw a number of serves at 140mph, but Andy is one of the best returners. He figures out a way, especially over the course of a five-set match, to make returns and to put the ball in uncomfortable positions, especially for top players. "I think the addition of Lendl has really got him sparked up and super confident, believing in himself again. Over the course of three out of five sets, especially with the crowd, I think Murray's going to get it. ".
The Democracy Now! reporter said she would surrender to authorities on Monday in response to the charge. District Judge John Grinsteiner will determine if there is enough evidence to back up the riot charge. Filming the crackdown on protesters by authorities last month, Ms Goodman stated, "I wasn't trespassing, I wasn't engaging in a riot, I was doing my job as a journalist by covering a violent attack on Native American protesters." " The charge relates to her Democracy Now! coverage of the protests against the Dakota Access pipeline on 3 September. Shailene Woodley, a US actress, was arrested earlier this month at a construction site for broadcasting the North Dakota protests on Facebook. The video by the Divergent star was viewed more than 2 million times. 4 million times on social media within hours of being posted. The Dakota Access oil pipeline project, which will cross four states, has drawn huge protests. Native Americans have halted its construction in North Dakota, saying it will desecrate sacred land and damage the environment.
Not least because now, 10 months before the building reopens following its renovation, there is no curtain. But that is a minor hurdle for the volunteers who have already raised the £1. Funding the comprehensive facelift will require 9m. Breaking with the fundraising norm, The Guild of Players, the volunteers who own the building, are in their final push to finish the theatre. They hope to raise about £20,000 in cash donations but they have also appealed for donations of the physical items they need to create a working theatre. In addition to a good quality stage curtain, the guild has drawn up a wish list of items including computers for a media suite, a washing machine for cleaning costumes and a industrial freezer for storing interval ice cream. Group member Kristen Layne said: "In terms of props and theatre-type things, we have a tonne of that which will be going back in. We are certainly not starting from scratch. "What we need is things like tables and chairs in the bar. We have always just had folding tables because we had multi-use rooms. "And we'll have a much bigger lobby - we never had room before for chairs and counters. " The guild hope they can persuade businesses to donate large items and that individual supporters will make cash donations. They are also looking to make money from selling props, costumes and other theatre paraphernalia which has accumulated in the building. Their first jumble sale raised £800, with "50 shades of grey" ties and about 60 waistcoats among the items on sale. Ms Layne said: "Things like that get accumulated but it wasn't until we got it all accumulated at our new base at the Crichton that we realised we had so many duplicates. " Built in 1792, the Theatre Royal is acknowledged as the oldest working theatre in Scotland but it has been closed for the last year. The group received a series of grants and donations, including an award of £322,300 from the Heritage Lottery Fund, to finance building work which will see the theatre expand into two neighbouring houses. They hope to open the theatre for the 2015 pantomime season, before an official opening in early 2016.
Imran Khan, 30, from the West Bowling area of the city, was shot following a disturbance in Round Street at about 20:00 BST on Monday, West Yorkshire Police said. Detained was a 30-year-old man. Bailed pending inquiries were two men, aged 21 and 22, who were arrested on Tuesday also on suspicion of murder. Mr Khan, who was nicknamed Kalay, was taken to hospital with serious head injuries but later died.
After members of Reclaim Brixton entered the local police station, Scotland Yard confirmed the spray was used. A man was also arrested on suspicion of criminal damage after estate agent Foxtons in Brixton Road had a window smashed and graffiti sprayed on it. Reclaim Brixton said it was in a "fight against gentrification" which it said was "killing" the area of south London. On its Facebook page, the group said: "Today vibrancy is sold to garnish property development posters and overpriced bar branding, but in doing so, it is also slowly being killed. "Social diversity is driven out by lack of truly affordable housing. Local businesses are driven out by increasing rents and redevelopment schemes that benefit national and multinational businesses, siphoning money out of the area. "Local spaces for people to meet, celebrate, get support or education are being decimated. During the planned event, Scotland Yard said protestors who had gained access to Brixton Town Hall were also removed and officers were "monitoring" the situation, putting a question mark on Brixton's vibrancy now.
After Mohammed Rehman, 25, discussed possible targets on Twitter under the name Silent Bomber, an investigator contacted him. Mr Rehman allegedly told him he was planning a martyr operation. He and his wife Sana Ahmed Khan, 24, both of Reading, deny charges of preparing terrorist acts. About two weeks before their arrest, Mr Rehman's Twitter account came to the attention of anti-terrorism authorities. He argued with and taunted other users after asking whether his target should be a "Westfield shopping centre or London Underground". Mr Rehman allegedly wanted to carry out an attack on the 10th anniversary of the 7 July bombings. Tony Badenoch QC, the prosecutor, informed a jury at the Old Bailey that an undercover investigator, who went by the name of Abu Mohammed, proceeded to have a private conversation with Mr Rehman. He inquired how dumb these Kuffar are lol to disclose his true intentions, Mr Rehman also told the officer he was "preparing against them" before his account was suspended, but he reactivated it under slightly different details a week later, the court heard. "He told the undercover investigator that he was preparing for a Istishaadi (martyr) operation," Mr Badenoch said. "The level of commitment to an atrocity was perfectly clear, as Mohammed Rehman also asked the undercover investigator if he wanted to join him in a joint operation or whether he preferred to follow the lone-wolf route. " He is also charged with possessing an article for terrorist purposes.
While watching the French Open final, Wendy Morrell's Poole home was swooped through an open door by Storm the Russian Steppe eagle on 9 June 2014. Describing the 15in (40cm) tall bird as "stunning to look at, but quite scary," she was taken aback by the unexpected visitor. Wessex Bird of Prey Rescue later collected the bird, which was being trained to scare seagulls away from a landfill site in Corfe Mullen. He had broken away from the perch where he was tethered after being scared off by a lorry.
For many locals, it's unpretentious and inviting, with old sofas and low lighting - a place to meet friends in the evening or stop by for coffee during the day. Now, its glass windows are pockmarked with bullet holes and the pavement outside is stained with blood. Just before 21:30 on Friday, as part of a co-ordinated series of terrorist attacks across Paris that saw 129 people killed, a man opened fire with a semi-automatic weapon on the crowded bar. He then crossed the road and targeted diners sitting on the terrace of Le Petit Cambodge, a small restaurant serving Cambodian and Vietnamese food. At least 12 people were left dead and the brutality of the attacks has left the tight-knit local community reeling. "We come every day to this bar because it is friendly, it is simple," Alexandra Damien, a regular, told the Press Association outside Le Carillon on Saturday. Flowers and candles were placed there in memory of those killed. Two of her friends died at the bar. "Coming here is normal for us, so we have no idea why they [terrorists] were touching this kind of place. People told me they were coming in with shotguns. "This is horrible. It is touching a neighbourhood. We're like a small village. It's a small place, we don't need to go out of our area because we have everything," The bars and restaurants in this canal-side area are packed on a Friday night. The shootings targeted so-called "soft targets" packed with fun-loving young people - bars, restaurants and the nearby Bataclan concert venue, where a rock band were playing. That fact has left many Parisians rattled. "I'm not scared to go out in this area now, because you can't just stay at home as this would mean to 'ceder a la peur' [give in to fear]," Cora Delacroix, 24, who lives nearby, told the BBC. "But it's terrible, because I feel like now you can be attacked everywhere. For the [January] Charlie Hebdo attack, it was more specific, it was against our freedom of speech and against symbols. But there, in a random place, that's frightening. " Ahmed Naeem, a 39-year-old filmmaker, said he and his friends were still in shock. "These places are the places we visit every week. streets we walk every day. I've seen dozens of gigs at the Bataclan, eaten at the Petit Cambodge, sat outside Le Carillon on so many nights," he told the Associated Press. One question ordinary Parisians like Marie Cartal are asking is: why target them? She lives above the Casa Nostra restaurant in the 11th arrondissement, where five people were killed by a gunman. "It was really shocking. It was the first time in my life I saw someone dying in front of me," she told the BBC. "I mean people there were just sitting outside having a drink. They were not politicians, they were not particularly engaged. Just enjoying the beginning of the weekend, they were. So, why?
City were eliminated from the Champions League last 16 by Monaco in midweek and trail leaders Chelsea by 10 points in the Premier League with 11 games left. Guardiola reaffirmed his commitment to City ahead of Sunday's home game with Liverpool (16:30 GMT). "I have more power than ever to shape the squad," he said. Guardiola said he had received a text message from City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak in the wake of the club's 3-1 defeat to Monaco on Wednesday. "I was really impressed by his reaction, I respect him a lot," added Guardiola, whose only hope of ending his debut season with a trophy is by winning the FA Cup. City face Arsenal at Wembley in the semi-final on 23 April (15:00 BST). Guardiola added: "In the next month and a half I expect a huge step forward. The club is getting better and better. Denying reports he was planning a mass clearout at the end of the season, the Spaniard stated that the next season will be better. "I have heard people have written that I will change 12 or 13 players. That's impossible," said the former Barcelona boss "We will try and improve the team. " Liverpool are unbeaten against the Premier League's top six this season but Reds boss Jurgen Klopp believes that record is under serious threat this weekend. Third-placed City start the weekend one point and one place above the Reds in the table, who have played one more game. "We've felt good in these games [against the top six] so far but for me City is the most difficult team to play," said Klopp on Friday. Difficult to defend, it's real football. Klopp is a big admirer of Guardiola, the two having managed in the Bundesliga at the same time, for Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich respectively. "I am not in doubt about his quality," added Klopp. "Maybe a few people are but I am not. I respect him a lot. I've played against him a lot and I can say it is quite difficult to play his teams. " Analysis from BBC Sport's Simon Stone, who was at Guardiola's news conference Pep Guardiola might have pinned the blame for Manchester City's Champions League exit on his strikers on Friday and he might have rejected the idea he will make wholesale changes to his squad this summer. But there is no doubt his defence will look very different in 2017-18 to how it is now. Of his four full-backs, only Aleksandar Kolarov has a contract beyond the end of this season. It is not beyond the realms of possibility all three will go but Gael Clichy and, maybe, Pablo Zabaleta, are likely to make it at least two. And what of skipper Vincent Kompany, who has featured for 127 minutes since 26 October? He is now fully fit and could not even get a place on the bench for the recent games at Middlesbrough and in Monaco.
Southern Railway trains from the south coast into London have been disrupted for weeks because of industrial action and high levels of staff sickness. "The shambles we have seen is turning into a crisis," said Peter Kyle, Labour MP for Hove and Portslade. But rail minister Claire Perry insisted services were improving. Mr Kyle told the House of Commons during transport questions: "I'm getting people writing to me who are being late for work every day and their bosses are giving them written warnings now. Mims Davies, Tory MP for Eastleigh, described Southern Railway's performance as "shameful" and said it could not be tolerated. The watchdog Transport Focus has published figures showing passenger satisfaction was lower on Southern and Southeastern services than for any other train operator in the country. Caroline Lucas, the Green MP for Brighton Pavilion, urged Ms Perry and the Department for Transport to transfer the Southern franchise into public ownership. A man who commutes to London from Hove told BBC South East his employer could no longer book early client meetings as he had no idea whether he would turn up. "I am therefore simply not fit for purpose and there is nothing concrete to suggest that the situation will change," he said. His [the boss's] response is completely logical. "I must choose between living in London during the week, saying goodbye to my young family, and reallocating my pension contributions towards housing expenses, or facing termination." " The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union is in dispute with Southern about the role of conductors. Ms Perry said investment on the routes meant things were "getting better". But she added: "If your constituents would like to write to bosses, may I suggest they write to the union bosses involved, who I think are doing their members a grave disservice by bringing them out on completely unjustified grounds. "This is a dispute about who presses the buttons that operate the doors and the change in the role of the second staff member. " Southeastern and Network Rail said that at the time of the Transport Focus survey, between 11 January and 20 March, factors including the partial collapse of the sea wall at Dover and landslides at Barnehurst affected trains. Storm Imogen also hit services and there were infrastructure failings around London Bridge.
After both sides missed chances in a goalless first half, Natasha Harding headed Wales in front five minutes after the break in Haverfordwest. Substitute Ward then scored twice in two minutes before sliding in for her third in the closing stages. Victory sees Wales leapfrog Kazakhstan and Israel into third place in Group 8. Wales had lost 3-0 away to Austria in their opening fixture before a 4-0 defeat by Norway in October. The match started in inauspicious fashion as organisers failed to play Kazakhstan's national anthem. Starting brightly, Jayne Ludlow's side saw Nia Jones believe she had headed them in front after nine minutes, only for the goal to be ruled out for offside. The defender, playing as a striker in this instance, missed a glorious opportunity to score four minutes later but shot wide when clean through in the penalty area. Kazakhstan had a similarly gilt-edged chance when Wales goalkeeper Alice Evans wandered out of position and Saule Karibayeva's shot was headed off the line by Harding. The Manchester City forward, switched to left-back for this game, gave Wales the lead five minutes into the second half as she headed in from Sophie Ingle's flick-on. Wales then took control, as Jess Fishlock set up Ward to fire in after an hour to double the hosts' lead. A minute later, Ward slotted in her second and Wales' third as Fishlock's through-ball allowed the same pair to combine. To complete her hat-trick, Ward slid in from Rachel Rowe's pass, adding a final gloss to the scoreline as Ludlow's side.
The October tour is scheduled to go ahead following a security review prompted by the deaths of 20 hostages in Dhaka in July. "Everything else off the field can take care of itself. Jordan said he would definitely go if selected. I like to believe that once we arrive, cricket will assume control and we will be able to deliver strong performances for England. All-rounder Moeen Ali was the first England player to commit to the tour, which consists of two Tests and three one-day internationals, while Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson has also said he would be willing to go on the tour if selected. "Given all of the security advice, I've listened to it all and I'm pretty happy that it's fairly safe," Dawson, who made his one-day international debut against Pakistan on Sunday, told BBC Radio Solent. "It's down to individuals to make decisions, but I'd be happy to go. " England have not toured Bangladesh since 2010, although they did play four World Twenty20 group matches there in 2014. Jordan was due to appear in the domestic Bangladesh T20 competition in October 2015 but did not play due to international commitments. Jordan added that one must always consider their personal health and choose what is best for themselves. The decisions made by others should be respected, as they are entirely up to them. " England will play their final match of the summer, a one-off T20 at Old Trafford, on Wednesday against Pakistan.
Labour has urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate as the RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains. Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution. The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas. Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations. "The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation. " The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system. But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers. The strikes are something everyone wants to see an end to, especially Scotland's rail passengers. The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have been in communication with both sides to find a solution through meaningful discussion, which we still believe is the way forward. "To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all. "The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers. " Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend. Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall called for 20,000 more police officers on UK streets, and for a review of funding of mosques in Britain. Green co-leader Jonathan Bartley said the Prevent counter-radicalisation strategy should be scrapped. The Bristol Q&A was the latest in a series of special shows ahead of Thursday's general election. It took place the day after the London Bridge terror attack, which killed seven people and injured 48. Mr Nuttall, who has previously stated that detention without trial should not be ruled out for terror suspects, said a return of control orders and tagging should also be considered. He said the UK needs to "fight fire with fire" when it comes to Islamic extremism, adding that he agreed with the prime minister that the country had been "tolerant" of extremism. "We've got to get real now - these people are a clear and present danger to our own people in this country. I wouldn't take anything off the table in dealing with these people," he said. "There are a small number of people in this country who quite clearly hate who we are - hate the way we live - and want to destroy our democracy. They are cancer and they need to be cut out. " He urged the prime minister to reverse cuts to the "police force, border force and prison service". "Politician after politician" had refused to acknowledge the problem of radical Islam, he said. "It's not about Muslims," he said, "Islamism is a political ideology". But a woman in the audience said he was actually "grouping" all Muslims together with policies like UKIP's proposed burka ban, and another audience member suggested his comments were fuelling radicalisation. "We've got to say to these people Islamism is not welcome in this country," Mr Nuttall replied. Mr Nuttall, who is seeking to gain his party a foothold in Westminster after its sole MP quit the party, also called for the Muslim community to sign up to the Prevent strategy and for an investigation into the Saudi funding of UK mosques. Appearing separately on stage, Green Party of England and Wales co-leader Jonathan Bartley called for a UK arms embargo on Saudi Arabia, but did not support Prevent. "It is clearly toxic to some communities," he said. "It is alienating some communities and therefore we are not getting to the root of radicalisation, not building bridges we need. We are not getting the intelligence that we need. " Mr Bartley, whose party had one MP in the previous Parliament, echoed attacks on cuts to police numbers, saying they threatened the British tradition of community policing and "policing by consent". Pressed on whether he would authorise a drone strike on a jihadist overseas, he said he would look at it on a case-by-case basis, but warned: "Those incidents have consequences for radicalisation". The two politicians were also quizzed on their wider policies. Mr Bartley jokingly told the audience that the Greens' pledge for a four-day week would help them avoid the "Sunday night feeling" and said it would help deal with the effects of "automation" in certain sectors. Mr Nuttall was questioned about whether his proposed post-Brexit migration crackdown posed a "risk" to the NHS. He responded by rejecting the idea, stating that the government should guarantee all EU migrants employed in the NHS that they can remain in the UK and urging for the foreign aid budget to be "cut" in order to boost funding for the health service.
Returning the award allowed her to be a part of a political movement started by writers and filmmakers, Ms Roy said. More than 100 writers and other public figures have returned awards over what they call rising intolerance in India. It follows a series of recent incidents, including the killings of scholars, writers and rationalists. Among 24 filmmakers to give back their awards on Thursday, Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan has also spoken out against "extreme intolerance" in India. Ms Roy was. As they did so, Muslims in the north-eastern state of Manipur staged a general strike to protest against the lynching of a Muslim man by a Hindu crowd on Monday. They had accused him of trying to steal a cow. It was the third such mob killing within six weeks. While returning their national and state awards, scientists, historians and filmmakers have cited the killing of rationalists MM Kalburgi and Govind Pansare, as well as the lynching of a man over suspicions he consumed beef, as examples of rising intolerance in India. Ms Roy, who had won the national award in 1989 for writing the screenplay of a film, joined the growing list on Thursday. In a piece published in The Indian Express newspaper, Ms Roy, 55, explained why she was returning the award. "It allows me to be a part of a political movement initiated by writers, filmmakers and academics in this country who have risen up against a kind of ideological viciousness and an assault on our collective IQ that will tear us apart and bury us very deep if we do not stand up to it now," she wrote. She said the current movement was "unprecedented and does not have a historical parallel". "I am so proud to be part of it. And so ashamed of what is going on in this country today," she added. Ms Roy's comments have generated a large response on Twitter with many praising her for her courage: Some, however, have also criticised the author:.
Media playback is not supported on this device The incident occurred after Everton celebrated Arouna Kone's opening goal, prompting an announcement over the stadium's public address system. Curle said: "It is not accepted at all. The incident is being investigated by The Football Association, which both clubs don't want anything to do with racism. Referee Lee Mason reported a complaint from a player to the managers, who agreed that fans should be told over the PA system that abuse would not be tolerated. Roberto Martinez, Curle's Everton counterpart, said at that moment that players Arouna Kone and Steven Pienaar were "hurt" by the incident. "I think they were sensitive and hurt - probably they were fearful about the game developing into a difficult afternoon," he said. "There is no room for that sort of behaviour. But it was a very small minority and I want to believe that it was just an emotional reaction to the disappointment of conceding a goal. " The FA said in a statement: "We have received the referee's report regarding the alleged incident during today's game between Carlisle United and Everton. "We have contacted both clubs this evening and will be conducting an immediate and thorough investigation. "The FA strongly condemns any discriminatory behaviour and will continue to work with partners across the game to combat it whenever it arises. ".
The interviews, which were carried out by journalist Michael D'Antonio in 2014, were one of the last extensive conversations Mr Trump had with anyone in the media before he ran for president. Mr D'Antonio used the interviews as the basis for his biography of the man who became the Republican nominee, called The Truth About Trump. Here are eight things we learned from the recordings: When Mr Trump is pushed on why he is "always in the present" he tells the journalist: "The problem people have with me is that I'm not in the past, I'm a person that thinks to the future. "I learn from the past but I don't focus on the past, which I think is a very important lesson," he says, before adding that he "doesn't reflect and he doesn't want anyone else to". In another interview he says: "I don't like to analyse myself because I might not like what I see. " "I was a very rebellious kind of person," Mr Trump says about his childhood in Queens, New York. "I don't like to talk about it, actually. But I was a very rebellious person and very set in my ways. "I loved to fight. I always loved to fight," he says, before adding: "All types of fights. Any kind of fight, I loved it, including physical. " Despite going through several bankruptcies, he says in one interview: "I never had a failure, because I always turned a failure into a success. "Feeling good and finding it very interesting, he says that seeing his name in print for the first time (when he hit a home run as a promising young baseball player) was an experience to remember. "Most people aren't in print, don't forget." I think most people would like it, but who's in print? Nobody's in print," he adds. "Very few people are in print. " Later he tells the journalist that he now has a team of staff who monitor references to him in the press. "There are thousands of them a day," he says. "To be a good politician you have to be a salesman, OK?" Mr Trump says. "I've known every politician. I know them all. Many of them are friends of mine. "Many of the enemies that you see on television talking about me are friends of mine, you understand that. Guys that you would never believe, but they're friends of mine. I know them all. "To be a great politician, you have to be a great salesman. " "I think my honesty gets me in trouble. I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble," he says. "I'm a very smart person. I could give an answer that's perfect and everything's fine and nobody would care about it, nobody would write about it, and it would be fine. " "Or I could give an honest answer, which becomes a big story. " "Sports is a great metaphor for a lot of things," he tells Mr D'Antonio. "You have guys that, in playing golf, they're very good putters or they're very good ball-strikers or they're very good at something. "It was very natural for me. I'm a natural putter," Mr Trump says. "You know you have guys that can't putt, and you have guys that don't understand why they can't putt. A lot of it is genetic. " As part of his research, Mr D'Antonio also spoke to Mr Trump's ex-wife Ivana. She told him a story about a skiing trip they took in Colorado soon after they began dating. Mr Trump, who was unaware that Ivana was a confident skier, went down a slope and called for his girlfriend to follow him, saying: "Come on, baby. Come on, baby. " "I went up. I went two flips up in the air, two flips in front of him. I disappeared," Ivana tells the journalist. "Donald was so angry, he took off his skis, his ski boots, and walked up to the restaurant. He could not take it. He could not take it. " Who is ahead in the polls? 50% Hillary Clinton 44% Donald Trump Last updated October 25, 2016.
Surrey County Council's cabinet voted to charge £1 an hour from next year to park at Newlands Corner near Guildford. The site is visited by 550,000 people annually but the council wants to spend £400,000 introducing a family play trail and improving the toilets. The council said it wanted to make countryside sites "self-financing". The parking charges would pay for the first phase of upgrading work to be completed. Work to the current cafe and providing shopping and educational space in a new visitor centre would be part of a second phase. Richard Harrold, the initiator of the online petition, deemed the introduction of charges "utterly unacceptable." Vivianne Norris, a signatory from Chilsworth, stated: "There is no need to alter what is already a successful amenity for all, particularly for retired or disadvantaged individuals who often have limited means." " Charlotte Haibrock, from Guildford, said: "It's a disgrace to charge people to enjoy nature. We do not want the place commercialised as proposed. The cabinet's decision, according to a spokesman for the council, is likely to be "called in" and reviewed once more by the Economic Prosperity, Environment, and Highways Scrutiny Board. No date for this review has been scheduled yet. "Our ultimate aim is to make countryside sites become self-financing due to the heavy strain on our budgets from falling roads funding and rising demand for adult social care and school places," he said.
His line "It's a trap," in 1983's Return of the Jedi is beloved among Star Wars fans and later became a popular internet meme. Bauersfeld died on Sunday at his home in California, his manager told the Associated Press. Before his Star Wars roles, Bauersfeld mainly worked in radio. Admiral Ackbar and Bauersfeld returned for a cameo role in last year's Star Wars sequel The Force Awakens. He also provided the voice for Jabba the Hutt's ghostly steward Bib Fortuna in Return of the Jedi.
The plane crashed in a heavy storm near Magong Airport on Taiwan's Penghu island, leaving 48 dead. Ten survived. TransAsia said it respected the findings and issued a full apology. The crash was the first of two fatal TranAsia incidents within the span of seven months. The second crash, involving TransAsia flight 235, happened when the aircraft clipped a bridge in Taipei and came down in the Keelung River in February 2015, leaving 43 people dead. The pilots in control of flight 222 repeatedly ignored standard operating procedures, the report said. "Flight crew coordination, communication, and threat and error management were less than effective," the report said. In heavy rain and thunder, the pilots tried to locate the runway visually, but then "lost situational awareness". Among the 48 dead were both pilots and two cabin crew members, as the captain of the flight also failed to conduct a pre-landing briefing in accordance with standard operating procedures. Of the 10 survivors, nine were left with serious injuries. The report went on to say that failure to follow safety procedures was a recurring problem at TransAsia. "The non-compliant behaviours were an enduring, systemic problem and formed a poor safety culture," the report said. This led to a "workplace culture which endangered flight safety", ASC director Thomas Wang said. The report recommended that TransAsia should hire additional pilots to lessen workload and should make investments in flight safety training. The ASC released its report following an analysis of data from the aircraft's flight data recorders. TransAsia is a Taiwan-based carrier that operates domestically and on some international routes from Taiwan. The carrier was also involved in deadly incidents in 1995 and 2002.
Not usually, it must be admitted, a cause for too much celebration. "Train arrives on Sunday" is not much of a headline. But yesterday was a little different for New Street Station, Britain's busiest outside London. After a five year, £750m overhaul, Network Rail unveiled the new interchange which now looks more like an airport. And for those who are keenly hunting for evidence that the UK economy is finally rebalancing away from the hothouse that is London and the South East of England, it was an important moment. Infrastructure investment is directly linked to economic redevelopment. Just ask those around King's Cross and St Pancras stations in London. Birmingham's cheer leaders believe New Street will be no different. One of the largest shopping centers to be unveiled in Europe this year, the new Grand Central shopping center will open above New Street later this week. The anchor tenant is John Lewis, whose managing director, Andy Street, is also head of the Birmingham and Solihull enterprise partnership. He says that Birmingham and the West Midlands have turned the corner since the 2008 recession, which saw the region the hardest hit across Britain. New figures on economic output appear to back him up. As does the arrival of HSBC's UK bank headquarters - which will open in Britain's second largest city in 2018. And the continued expansion of Midlands car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover which has invested £11bn since 2008 and employs 36,000 people. "Gross value added" per head is the economic value of the goods and services produced in an area, divided by the total population. It reveals how well an area is performing economically. Figures from the Office of National Statistics reveal that in 2008-9, GVA in the West Midlands (which includes Birmingham) fell by 3. 8%, the most rapid fall of any region in Britain. The average across England was -2. 2%. The most recent figures available - for the year 2012-13 - reveal a changed picture. West Midlands GVA grew by 2. 8%. That's higher than the England average (2. 6%), London (also 2. 6%) and the South East (2%). In terms of rebalancing the British economy geographically, the figures show progress. The North East, North West, West Midlands and Wales all grew faster than London - although of course from a much lower base. As with all urban areas, there is still a long way to go. Don't forget, Birmingham was the first location for the documentary series Benefits Street, which revealed the sometimes stark reality of life for those dependent on welfare benefits in Winson Green, a deprived area of the city. And if the economic figures are studied over a 15 year time frame, a more mixed picture emerges. A Deloitte report for the local enterprise partnership says that between 2001 and 2015, the West Midlands saw 152,000 net jobs created (that's the surplus of jobs created over jobs lost). That's fewer than in the East Midlands, Yorkshire and the Humber, the North West, the South East and Scotland. London, which has a much larger population, enjoyed a far higher number of jobs created - 870,000. The South East ran it a close second with 845,000. For the West Midlands the new jobs delivered £6. 1bn of fresh wage income, undoubtedly an economic shot in the arm. But that compares to £30. 9bn in the South East, £30. 1bn in London, £10. 6bn in Scotland and £8. 3bn in the East Midlands. And shows the difficulty of rebalancing the economy when you have such a large powerhouse sitting in the south-east corner. Fresh income tends to flow towards it. If we look at the GVA figures over the same 15 year period, the West Midlands saw a 16% increase. That compares to Merseyside, up 39%, the South East, up 37%, and Wales, up 31%. Of the nations and regions across Britain, only the North West saw a lower increase, up 14%. Which shows, despite many positive figures, Birmingham and the surrounding region still have a lot of ground to make up. And rebalancing the UK economy will be an awfully tough job.
The vice-president is always in the background, often looking over Donald Trump's shoulder with an approving nod as the president delivers a speech or signs yet another executive order. When it comes to engaging in the bare-knuckle brawling that has played itself out through anonymous sources and well-timed insider leaks, however, the vice-president and his associates have largely stayed out of the fray. Thursday night, then, was quite unusual. Running articles, complete with quotes from anonymous White House sources, distancing the vice-president from the current chaos in the administration and the running controversy over possible Trump campaign ties to the Russian government during the 2016 US presidential election, two major US media outlets - CNN and NBC News - ran. "We certainly knew we needed to be prepared for the unconventional," an unnamed Pence aide told CNN's Elizabeth Landers, but "not to this extent. " The proximate cause for the concern among the vice-president's camp was a New York Times article earlier this week reporting that Michael Flynn, Mr Trump's prominent campaign surrogate and short-lived national security adviser, had in early January informed the presidential transition team - then headed by Mr Pence - that he was under investigation for his ties to the Turkish government. In March Mr Pence denied any knowledge of Mr Flynn's Turkish ties before they were made public earlier that month. A "source close to the administration" told NBC that Mr Pence stands by his comments and he was not told of Mr Flynn's Turkish connections. "That's an egregious error - and it has to be intentional," the source said. "It's either malpractice or intentional, and either are unacceptable. " Complicating matters for the vice-president is that this is not the first time he has taken the White House line, only to be undercut by subsequent revelations. Just last week he asserted, repeatedly, that the president decided to fire FBI Director James Comey based on a memo from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. One day later the president himself told an interviewer that he knew he was going to terminate the law enforcement chief before the memo was even written. Mr Pence was also part of the White House efforts in January to push back against reports that Mr Flynn discussed US sanctions on Russia with that nation's ambassador to the US, Sergei Kislyak - allegations that were later proven to be true. Mr Flynn was fired, the White House said, for misleading the vice-president on the matter. If Thursday night's story is any indication, the vice-president may now be trying to put some distance between himself and an administration that has made a habit of leaving him out on a limb. If the Trump presidency is truly in trouble, and this week's appointment of Special Counsel Robert Mueller is a dark storm cloud on the horizon, this could be evidence that the vice-president is contemplating a future after Mr Trump. He's certainly not abandoning ship, but he's familiarising himself with where the lifeboats are stored. If so, he's not the only one. Earlier this week, Politico published a story about conservatives - both on and off the record - who were "hinting" that a President Pence would be a welcomed reprieve from the drama of the Trump presidency. Of course, in order for this to happen, Mr. Trump would need to resign or be removed from office, thereby leaving the vice-president as next in line for the job. Such speculation is decidedly premature, of course, but then there was another tidbit this week that has stoked the flames. Trump-Russia Scandal: How did we get here? Follow Anthony Zurcher on Twitter. Mr Pence, according to Federal Election Commission filings, has started a committee to collect political donations. A source within the vice-president's office told NBC that the "Great American Committee", as it's named, will allow Mr Pence to cover travel expenses and support Republican candidates in upcoming elections. It's a move, however, that none of the vice-president's predecessors ever made - and has been a traditional opening step for past presidential candidates. Democrats have also taken note of Mr Pence's manoeuvres and are adjusting their fire accordingly. "Mike Pence was a major player in the scandals enveloping the Trump administration, and no amount of spinning and leaking to reporters from him and his team can change that fact," writes Oliver Willis of the liberal website Shareblue. There's no telling what Mr Trump, who prizes loyalty above all else, thinks of all this. Reports are he's been angered in the past by aides, such as top White House adviser Steve Bannon, who have stepped too far into the limelight. He famously said of Mr Comey in January that he had "become more famous than me" - then later justified sacking him by saying he was a "showboat" and a "grandstander". There is of course one key difference between Mr Pence and anyone else working in the Trump administration. The vice-president got his job through the will of American voters (or, at least, the Electoral College). Mr Trump can't fire him.
Marin defended her world title in Jakarta on Sunday against India's Saina Nehwal successfully. But the version of Spain's Royal March played at the medal ceremony was the one dating back to Gen Francisco Franco's far-right dictatorship. Since the death of Franco, Spain got rid of the words in 1978, and the Royal March has been played without words - clearly amusing Marin as she stood on the podium in Jakarta. A video clip on YouTube showed her reaction. In 1928, poet Jose Maria Peman wrote the words, which were later adopted by Franco's nationalists in 1939 following their victory over left-wing forces in the Spanish Civil War. "An older version of the anthem was played during the Women's Singles medal ceremony after Marin successfully defended the title she won a year ago," the BWF stated. "The Badminton World Federation and the hosts, the Indonesia Badminton Association, sincerely regret this unfortunate mistake. " The old anthem includes the words: "Glory to the Fatherland that knew how to follow, over the blue of the sea the path of the sun. ".
A Care Quality Commission (CQC) report in 2015 raised serious concerns about dirty ambulances and out of date lifesaving equipment. Concerns in relation to equipment checks and maintenance were also highlighted. The CQC has now rated the service as good. More on this and other local stories from across Yorkshire During the previous inspection, officials found infection control practices were not always followed by staff and procedures for the disposal of clinical waste was concerning. A large number of ambulances were found to be dirty on the outside and the general cleanliness inside was highlighted as a problem. Life-saving equipment used by paramedics for major disasters was also out of date. However, after the latest inspection in September the chief inspector of Hospitals, Sir Mike Richards, said: "The Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust faced real challenges, which were apparent at our previous inspection. "Although we found a caring organisation in 2015, we told the trust it must improve the safety, effectiveness, and responsiveness of the service it was providing to the people of Yorkshire. " "Since then, the trust, has worked hard to address the issues we raised," he added. Yorkshire Ambulance Service serves five million people in East Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire. Rod Barnes, chief executive of Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust, said: "All of our services demonstrated significant improvement since the CQC's inspection in January 2015. "We do recognise, however, that there is always more we can do to improve. ".
Action for Blind People said it could not afford to keep the hotels running. Selling the hotels, which cater for about 2,000 blind and visually impaired people a year, was described as a "difficult decision" by Action for Blind People, with one visitor saying that losing the Cliffden with its facilities for blind and visually impaired would be "devastating", while advocating for offloading the Lauriston in Weston-super-Mare and Windermere Manor in the Lake District. But it said it had to weigh up the financial cost against the "low number" of blind and partially sighted users. The charity said it was now "looking for other operators" to take them over. The three hotels would require a subsidy of about Â£350,000 for the next three years and refurbishments at an estimated cost of about Â£600,000, it said. "As a charity, we have to make sure that every penny we spend is in the best interests of blind and partially sighted people throughout the UK. " It said consultations have started with staff and would continue with visitors in September before ending in October. Supported by the hotels' owners Guide Dogs and the Royal National Institute of Blind People, the sales by Action for Blind People involve Guide Dogs purchasing The Cliffden in 1988 and acquiring Windermere Manor in the 1990s. Both have been under Action for Blind management since 2001. Special facilities at the hotels include talking alarm clocks, menus in Braille and facilities for guide dogs. Proceeds from the sales would be "invested in our life-changing services for people with sight loss", said Guide Dogs. News of the closures "has absolutely devastated families who come here," said visually impaired Mark Layton-Rees, who is visiting the Cliffden. "We have nowhere else we can go on a family holiday," he said. "It will also fragment a community of blind people who love and enjoy meeting up every year, sharing our experiences, supporting each other and helping each other cope with their disabilities. ".
Joining the Terriers from 1860 Munich in June 2016, the 27-year-old German was signed for a then club record fee of £1. 8m. Last season, he made 48 appearances and scored the winning spot-kick as the Terriers beat Reading on penalties in the Championship play-off final. "Christopher was one of our standout players last year," said the Premier League club's head coach David Wagner
Pennock, who had been managing Welsh Premier League side Aberystwyth Town, left the Tigers in January when Mike Phelan was sacked. He will now assist new boss Leonid Slutsky after the Russian was appointed as Marco Silva's replacement. Former Wales U21 goalkeeper Pat Mountain has also been appointed as Hull's goalkeeper coach, after spending the past nine years with Wolves. Telling the club website, Pennock expressed his delight and a hint of shock. He mentioned that it had been a whirlwind few days but he couldn't be happier to be back.
Causing problems with Jodi Jones's pace, Coventry made a bright start as keeper Jussi Jaaskelainen did well to keep out John Fleck's long-range drive. Following the interval, the tempo was raised by Wigan and Grigg slotted home from Stephen Warnock's cross. He had the chance for a second when Conor McAleny was fouled, but Reice Charles-Cook saved his penalty kick. The victory put Wigan four points clear of Burton, and 10 points ahead of third-placed Bradford, while it also extended their unbeaten run to 20 games. Two more victories from their five remaining matches will secure a return to the Championship, while defeat left Coventry in 13th place, 11 points outside the play-off places. Wigan manager Gary Caldwell told BBC Radio Manchester: Media playback is not supported on this device "I think the performance again was excellent against a very difficult team to play against. "I knew they'd pose us a lot of problems and they did. "We looked very strong, especially second half I didn't feel in any danger. " Coventry City manager Tony Mowbray told BBC Coventry And Warwickshire: "It's been the problem for the past three months really, not scoring goals. "The grind of this league has taken its toll on us now. "I thought we worked hard enough, the commitment was there and the endeavour was there, but we're falling a little bit short at the moment. ".
Cornwall took an early 12-0 lead with tries from Billy Searle and Sam Matavesi. Cheshire managed to get back into the game with Jack Lavin's penalty and Paul Millea's try before two Matt Shepherd penalties. Lavin's penalty early in the second half was neutralised when Herbie Stupple crashed over for Cornwall's third try before Shepherd went over in the final seconds. Cornwall have been crowned county champions for the fifth time, reaching their fourth successive Bill Beaumont Cup final. The Duchy looked poised to score a cricket score when Plymouth Albion fly-half Searle, who has recently agreed to join newly-promoted Premiership side Bristol, darted over after an impressive run from full-back Shepherd. Camborne-born former Fiji international Matavesi was forced over from close range for his fifth try in the Championship this season. But Cheshire, playing their first final since 2002, grew into the game and a penalty from Lavin was followed by a try from hooker Millea from close range. Two Shepherd penalties saw Trelawny's Army to an 18-10 lead at the break before Lavin drew Cheshire closer with a second penalty, but Cornwall pulled away with a third try. Former Exeter youngster Stupple crossed after Robin Wedlake's excellent run set up a great position on the Cheshire line. Shepherd's third penalty extended the lead as Cornwall's pack started to dominate, the outstanding Plymouth Albion full-back going over late on in the corner after the Duchy took a quick tap penalty near the Cheshire line. The game was played ahead of Sunday afternoon's England-Wales friendly international at Twickenham. Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe told BBC Sport: "I don't think there's any county in the country that can qualify that much support and backing. "Until we scored that final try I was concerned. I've been around a long time and sides can come back at you when you don't think it's going to happen. "It was a good performance. Having had a good start, we were fortunate enough to have a bit of cushion. "With a well-balanced team and a focus on teamwork, I prefer not to highlight individual players too much. " ".
Chris Dos Santos fell onto the rail while walking on the track at Totton, Hampshire, after drinking with friends. He said the 750-volt rail "sucked me in" until friends managed to pull him free. The Health and Safety Executive said an electric shock causes a loss of muscle control meaning the person cannot move away from the power source. Mr Dos Santos, 29, spent three months recovering in hospital from severe burns and multiple cardiac arrests. He said the incident in August 2015 had left him suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and nightmares. As he lay on the ground, Mr Dos Santos recalled seeing purple flashes and smelling burnt body tissue. Accepting my fate, I said, "The power was so immense, you can't get off the rail." "I had a moment of clarity and then I decided, no, this isn't going to happen to me, and that's when I pushed harder and shouted at my friends. " Mr Dos Santos said he had needed eight operations for injuries which included a two-inch (5cm) hole in his back. "My kidneys were failing, they were saying I would have to have the leg amputated, things were very touch and go", he added. He said he had agreed to speak about the incident to make people aware of the effects of the 750-volt rail. Network Rail said it was publicising the story because December usually saw a 25% rise in alcohol-related incidents on the railway.
The 46-year-old Northern Irishman will have three wildcard picks to join the nine men who qualify automatically, as media playback is not supported on this device. The top four players in the European points list will qualify for next September's competition, along with the top five in the world points list. "It would have been foolish to make any changes," said Clarke, speaking in the build-up to this week's Irish Open. There had been suggestions Clarke was considering reducing the number of wildcards to two, but he has decided not to deviate from the system used by fellow Irishman Paul McGinley, whose side beat the United States 16½-11½ at Gleneagles last year. The European points list is calculated from performances on the European Tour, with Clarke's other five automatic selections based on world ranking points accrued during the qualification period, which will start at the Russian Open in early September. "I gave it a lot of thought," said 2011 Open champion Clarke. "Comparing what teams would have been like under different systems, I delved into it. Media playback is not supported on this device "I am absolutely delighted that we have got the same qualifying system again and hopefully that will enable us to have the strongest possible European team going to Hazeltine, because we are going to need it. " World number one Rory McIlroy will be expected to be part of the team, and Clarke praised the 26-year-old's role central role in ensuring a strong field for this week's Irish Open at Royal County Down. Hosting the tournament is McIlroy's charitable foundation, and his persuasive powers have lured Rickie Fowler, Sergio Garcia, Ernie Els, and Martin Kaymer to the Northern Irish links course. "For a man so young to be giving so much back speaks volumes about him," said Clarke. "If you take a look at the field this week, that is a reflection of just how highly Rory is held by his peers. It's going to be a fantastic week of golf. " After his impressive closing 66 at last week's BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth, Clarke is looking forward to this week's tournament - albeit in a very different environment. The Dungannon native, who grew up playing links golf, said he thoroughly enjoyed "having to chip five irons 140 yards" in his practice round alongside Irish amateur Gavin Moynihan on Tuesday. "The course is playing very fast," he added. "You've got a few blind shots but that is part of what makes Royal County Down so special. "You are going to have to land some shots 30 yards short of the green to keep the ball on the green. It is going to be a really tough challenge if we get the weather that's forecast for this week.
Michael Voudouri was sentenced to 11 and a half years last year for dispersing the proceeds of a huge VAT fraud and breaching bail. He fled from Scotland to Cyprus in 2012 after admitting cheating the taxman, but was later returned to face justice. The Crown raised proceedings against Voudouri to seize crime profits, with a settlement now reached in the case. Voudouri's counsel Euan Dow told the court that under its terms it was agreed that the benefit figure for his criminal conduct was just over £11,635,264. Mr Dow said a confiscation order should be made in the sum of just over £207,339. Advocate depute Barry Divers said the confiscation order figure represented Voudouri's "realisable assets". Among the assets listed in the proceeds of crime action was a property in Tullibody, Clackmannanshire, and a collection of designer watches. The judge, Lord Boyd of Duncansby, ordered that payment of the sum should be made within six months. In 2012, Voudouri, of Bridge of Allan, admitting claiming VAT on bogus transactions in what judges described as a "complex money laundering operation", moving the money out of the country into foreign bank accounts. He set up companies in the US and the British Virgin Islands to conceal the funds, before funnelling them back to Scotland to buy a house and fund a designer clothes business in Stirling. Speaking after the confiscation case at the High Court in Edinburgh, Anne-Marie Gordon, assistant director of criminal investigation at HMRC, said: "Tax fraudsters line their pockets at the UK's expense, depriving public services of much needed funds. The price for his VAT fraud and subsequent absconding was paid by Voudouri when he was jailed for 11 and a half years. "Today's decision is more good news for all honest taxpayers. Voudouri is now facing the consequences of his fraud with both a lengthy jail sentence and confiscation of his criminal profits. ".
In the city's Dunnock Park area, Douglas Anderson, aged 39, died in the early hours of Saturday morning following an incident. Police, who had appealed for information, said they were following "a positive line of inquiry." " The woman, who is from the local area, was expected to appear at Perth Sheriff Court on Monday.
The boy from Haringey in north London was taken to hospital on 29 August 2014 but died days later on 1 September. Viktoria Tautz, 33, from Haringey, has been bailed and will appear at Hendon Magistrates' Court on 8 January, police said, with a head injury given as the cause of death in a post-mortem examination.
According to the European Commission against Racism and Intolerance (ECRI), employers and public bodies are only able to take a limited range of actions to combat disadvantage. In a report the ECRI has called for a single comprehensive equality law. Northern Ireland operates a "two-tier" system to protect against discrimination. The ECRI have said they are concerned about the levels of protection in Northern Ireland. The ECRI said individuals in Northern Ireland have a lower level of protection against racial discrimination in a number of key areas than people in other parts of the United Kingdom. The latest report pointed out that the UK government committed a decade ago to working towards a single equality law. There are individual acts to protect against discrimination, including the Race Relations (Northern Ireland) Order 1997 and the Fair Employment and Treatment (Northern Ireland) Order 1998. However, the report said there is "less protection against discrimination on grounds of colour and nationality than on grounds of race, ethnic or national origins". The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission has called on the Stormont Executive to do more to improve life for people from minority ethnic backgrounds in Northern Ireland. The Community Relations Council (CRC) has said an 87% rise in crime with hate motivation in the past four years was deeply troubling and warned the Brexit vote had further sharpened concerns and fears. Following attacks in 2009, 100 Romanians fled their Belfast homes. Since then, there have been sporadic crimes against minorities.
The decision has been deliberated for years and was delayed most recently by the upheaval caused by the Brexit vote. In July 2015, Heathrow looked close to being the winner, after an official commission recommended its plan. Further studies caused a delay in the decision in December. Following the UK's vote to leave the European Union in June, it was decided to postpone the final go-ahead until October. Mr Grayling said he has spent the summer looking at the plans, with three plans in contention. "They're all very well crafted proposals, they're all very interesting, they've all got great potential. We need to decide which is best for Britain," Mr Grayling told the BBC. "You will get an announcement shortly. We haven't taken the decision yet," he said. The transport secretary also refused to rule out granting a free vote to Conservative MPs on the issue of airport expansion, saying "decisions about parliamentary handlingâ€¦ have not yet been taken". The decision is politically fraught, with some senior government ministers opposing the expansion of Heathrow. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has long been opposed to making Heathrow any bigger, stating that it is "basically undeliverable". Education Secretary Justine Greening is also against its expansion, as she argues it would result in additional noise pollution for her west London constituency. In July 2015, after three years of deliberation, the Davies Commission recommended the building of a third runway at Heathrow. The plan involves building a new 3,500m runway about two miles north of the two runways Heathrow already has, at an estimated cost of Â£18. 6bn. Heathrow Airport is one of the world's busiest, handling 70 million passengers in 2012. More than a third transfer to other flights, making it a major hub airport. But it operates at 98% of its capacity - much closer to capacity than other major London airports and rival hubs in Europe.
They beat top seeds Marcelo Melo and Ivan Dodig in the rain-interrupted final 7-5 7-6 (7-4) on Saturday. In just their second tournament, the pair secured their first crown together without losing a set all week. It is Nestor's 89th career title and Inglot's second on home soil, as they prepare to face Andreas Seppi and Fabio Fognini in round one at Wimbledon. Find out how to get into tennis in our special guide. Telling BBC Sport, Inglot, 30, shared: "Getting a win against that calibre of team before Wimbledon was a big confidence-booster, as playing these guys doesn't get much tougher. In dominant fashion, the pairing managed to close out the match at the Nottingham Tennis Centre, despite failing to take a match point at 7-5 5-4 moments before play was suspended for rain." "With our quality, you have to go to these tournaments believing you can win," Inglot continued. "We did well to hang in there, especially after the match point and coming out after the rain delay. We came out very fast and that was big for us. " Nestor, who is the only doubles player to have won more than 1,000 matches on the tour, said: "It's important to get matches in before a big tournament like next week and that was our goal before coming here. "It's great that we were able to do that, and we feel a lot better about our game heading into Wimbledon now. " The 43-year-old added: "We have a tough draw, but we beat some very good teams here and there's no reason why we can't do the same there. This was a great tune-up before Wimbledon. " American world number 38 Steve Johnson claimed his maiden ATP title on Saturday, beating second seed Pablo Cuevas of Uruguay 7-6 (7-5) 7-5 in the singles final. Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox. Media playback is not supported on this device.
A single blue Vauxhall Corsa hit a tree on Llay New Road in the Bradley area at about 02:35 GMT on Saturday. All six people in the car were in their late teens or early 20s. North Wales Police said the driver and another man have been transferred to hospital in Stoke in a critical condition. Another youth is in the Countess of Chester Hospital, also with serious injuries. The three other passengers sustained minor injuries. Please contact us at 101 if you have any information, as our investigations into the blue-coloured Vauxhall Corsa being driven prior to the collision are still ongoing.
In a speech on Monday, she said a Brexit was one factor that the central bank would consider when deciding whether to raise interest rates. The Fed next meets on 14-15 June. Ms Yellen said "positive economic forces have outweighed the negative" - her strongest indication yet that the Fed will raise rates this summer. "If incoming data are consistent with labour market conditions strengthening and inflation making progress toward our 2% objective, as I expect, further gradual increases in the federal funds rate are likely to be appropriate," she said. The Fed raised interest rates by 0. 25 percentage points for the first time in nine years last December and has left them unchanged since. It had been widely expected to raise interest rates over the summer, but poor job creation figures for May diminished those expectations. Adding just 38,000 jobs last month, the US labour market saw its fewest new jobs since September 2010. Ms Yellen noted that while the May job data was disappointing, it was outweighed by mostly positive trends. "I see good reasons to expect that the positive forces supporting employment growth and higher inflation will continue to outweigh the negative ones. As a result, I expect the economic expansion to continue, with the labour market improving further and GDP growing moderately," she said. If the Fed does not increase interest rates at its upcoming meeting, its next opportunity will come in July. That meeting will be held after the EU referendum on 23 June - giving the Fed an opportunity to assess the vote's impact on global markets. Some economists have warned that a Brexit could adversely impact the US economy. The Fed chair stated in her speech that there could be significant economic repercussions from a UK vote to exit the European Union. She emphasized the potential for a quick change in investors' "appetite for risk" and noted that market sentiment would likely be affected by a UK exit from the EU. Ms Yellen's remarks echo comments from other economists about the impact of a Brexit on the US economy. On Friday Lael Brainard, a member of the Fed's board of governors, suggested that a Brexit could have a "significant adverse reaction" to the US market. "Because international financial markets are tightly linked, an adverse reaction in European financial markets could affect US financial markets, and, through them, real activity in the United States," Ms Brainard said. In a speech on 27 May, Ms Yellen said she expected a rate rise to be appropriate "in the coming months". But the Fed chair has also previously called on the Fed's rate-setting Open Market Committee to "proceed cautiously" with any rate rise given the impact it could have on both the US and global markets. A slew of economic data released in May appeared to signal that the US economy was growing strong enough to handle a rate rise. Consumer spending, core inflation and housing prices all had reported increases.
Under the NHS Constitution, patients have a right to be seen in 18 weeks. But there are currently 236,155 on the waiting list who have waited longer than that - a rise of 8. 5% in a year, according to official data. Nearly half have waited more than six months. Blaming the rise on the squeeze in budgets that is increasingly being seen in the health service, doctors said the government acknowledged there could be valid medical or personal reasons for long waits. The most common treatments people are facing long waits for is in orthopaedics, which includes operations such as knee and hip replacements. Peter Kay, president of the British Orthopaedic Association and a former adviser to the Department of Health, said the sheer numbers waiting longer than 18 weeks meant it was unlikely to be solely for personal or medical reasons. He said the focus of hospitals was now slipping and patients were being left waiting for too long. And he added: "One of the issues with 18 weeks is that once you have missed the boat there is less incentive to get the patient treated. They get left on the list for longer than they otherwise would. " The rise in those waiting longer than 18 weeks has happened despite a small drop in the overall number of people on the waiting list. As of the latest available data in April, there were 2.47 million individuals on waiting lists, a decrease from 2 million. 51 million in April 2010. Waits of a year are even being seen. Nearly 13,500 patients have waited this long. A spokesman for the Patients Association said the figures "back up what patients are telling us". A Department of Health spokesman said that average waiting times were "stable" and that the government was committed to keeping them low, but he also mentioned that some longer waits would always be reported - including as a result of clinical decisions, patients missing appointments, and patients exercising choice. " The spokesman also pointed out that overall hospitals were meeting the waiting time performance expected of them. While all patients are entitled to treatment within 18 weeks under the NHS Constitution, hospitals are only expected to see 90% of inpatients and 95% of outpatients in that timeframe to reflect the fact that some patients are not seen for valid reasons.
It was an affair that scandalised polite society and set tongues wagging across the world. She was a British showgirl of humble origins, while he was a foreign ruler born to great privilege and unimaginable wealth. Beneath the rubble of a building that suffered a direct hit from the Luftwaffe while 27-year-old Cissie was out shopping in Canterbury in October 1940, the love affair between Lydia Cecilia "Cissie" Hill and the Sultan of Johor, which had begun in the luxury of the Grosvenor House hotel in London in the 1930s, continued to cause a sensation even after the outbreak of World War Two. She was identified by the exquisite jewellery she was wearing, given to her by the sultan. Cissie had left her home town of Herne Bay in Kent for the West End in 1934, landing a prestigious cabaret job at the Grosvenor House. Historian Emma Muscat explained: "They didn't just take any old dancer; you would have to be excellent at singing, acting and dancing. " It was there that Cissie first caught the eye of Ibrahim, Sultan of Johor, a "fabulously wealthy" Malay ruler in his 60s, who was staying at the hotel. Born in 1873, the sultan was an Anglophile who continued his father's friendly relationship with the British government. Author Colin Smith said the tall Eurasian sultan was "one of the richest men in the world", having made money selling rubber to the car industry. He said: "When he came to power, he was only 22 and a spoiled, headstrong boy. His main passions were tiger shooting, horseracing and women. He began to take sexual safaris. " And it was on one of these world tours that he became smitten with the showgirl. But there was a problem - he was still married. As a Muslim he could have had as many as four wives at any one time, according to Dr Mulaika Hijjas from SOAS, University of London. "He had a number of different wives from a number of different backgrounds, including one, Helen Bartholomew, who was born in Glasgow. "The sultan was married six times in all but I don't think he filled up the whole complement, though - as some of his wives died and some were divorced. " The sultan kept his affair hidden from his wife but showered Cissie with expensive gifts, including valuable jewellery and a large Art Deco house with sea views in Herne Bay, called Mayfair Court. After a burglary at Mayfair Court, in which Â£5,000 worth of jewels - worth some Â£290,000 today - were stolen, the romance between the two, despite their efforts to keep it quiet, was thrust into the public eye. A number of items bore the sultan's initials and the relationship was exposed, causing a media sensation. Emma Muscat explained: "The burglary takes the relationship from something that has operated under the radar and now it is in the public forum. "In modern parlance we would say it has gone viral. " The world's press became fixated on the relationship, with photographers and reporters following the pair everywhere. In 1938, Cissie was pictured wearing what appeared to be an engagement ring, but despite "rumours of an engagement no announcement was ever made", the New York Times said in 1940. Ms Muscat said: "This is where the chain of tragic events starts to unravel. The British government is putting immense political pressure on the sultan - they are not pleased with the relationship. "He is also facing pressure from Johor." It's not good. " Colin Smith said the British community in Malaysia and Singapore was "outraged". "They had put up with his marriage to Helen Wilson in 1930, who was a widow some 16 years his junior, but when he began his affair with Cissie, who the Daily Express described as a platinum-haired ex-glamour girl, they began to ostracise him, and turn down his invitations to official functions. "At first he retaliated by firing all his British employees, then he planted shrubs on the golf course [used by the British] but in the end he gave in and broke off the engagement. "But he very obviously adored her. " But in October 1940, disaster struck while Cissie was on a shopping trip to Canterbury when German bombers targeted the city. Ms Muscat said Cissie was killed instantly. "The only way that her body could be identified was by the jewellery she was wearing that the sultan had given her. "And it was the sultan and Cissie's mother that identified the body," she said. After Cissie's death, the heartbroken sultan built a tomb to her on a hill above Herne Bay. He would later say that it was his one great grief that they never married. But less than a month after her death, the sultan married a Romanian woman called Marcella Mendl. Questioned by the Daily Mirror at the time about his sudden marriage, he said: "It is is for the future that I want to live. Let's not refer to anything else. " The sultan died aged 85 on 8 May 1959 in a suite at the Grosvenor House hotel. Time Magazine said he had "passed his last years quietly, watching TV, going to the theatre, enjoying the company of his sixth wife, Sultana Marcella, and his adored eight-year-old daughter, Princess Meriam".
The club website was told by Boss Willie Kirk that the plan was always to bring in another keeper to add competition, with the 20-year-old being capped 21 times at various youth levels for England, including the Under-23 side. "Sophie is an extremely hard-working goalkeeper, who is technically very good and has strong distribution." ".
CCTV systems, routers, digital video recorders and other internet-of-things (IoT) devices are now believed to be harbouring the Hajime worm. The fast-moving worm is currently outpacing malicious equivalents seeking the same vulnerable gear. Security researchers are unsure of the creator of Hajime or its potential end use. Discovered in October 2016, Hajime has been targeting IoT devices with security flaws that could be utilized by another worm, known as Mirai. Earlier the same month, a network of devices compromised by Mirai was responsible for knocking offline high-profile websites including Twitter, Spotify and Reddit. Modest estimates suggested Hajime was now present on "tens of thousands" of devices, wrote Symantec researcher Waylon Grange in a blog. Programs such as Hajime and Mirai must keep scouring the net for victims, because switching off a vulnerable device generally cleans out the infection. Mr Grange noted that Hajime currently had no attack code built in so could not be used to mount the kinds of attacks Mirai had been implicated in. Hajime's only action is to regularly display a message from the worm's author on the internal interface for each device, which says, among other things: "Just a white hat, securing some systems. " " The term "white hat" is typically applied to those hackers seeking to secure rather than exploit vulnerabilities. Malicious or criminal hackers are known as "black hats". Mr Grange wrote that there is a question regarding the trust in the author being a true white hat and solely attempting to secure these systems, considering they are also in the process of installing their own backdoor on the system. He also mentioned that if the author's intentions were to change, they might possibly turn the infected devices into a "massive" attack network.
Set an unlikely target of 347, Leicestershire were on course after declaring on their overnight score of 286-8. The hosts slipped to 242-8 when Mark Cosgrove (110) and Paul Horton (61) had gone. But Rob Sayer (32 not out) and Richard Jones saw them to 301-8. Tony Palladino's 4-64, which took him to 38 Championship wickets for the season, proved in vain while Leicestershire ended just 46 short of victory after an unbroken 59-run ninth-wicket stand. Derbyshire, the bottom club, were denied a first win of the season while Glamorgan, the only side they could catch, defeated newly-crowned Division Two champions Essex. Leicestershire will finish their season with a home game against Glamorgan at Grace Road, starting on Tuesday. Derbyshire will travel to Worcestershire, having extended their unwanted county record of "wooden spoons" to 16.
A total of 71 balloons took off on Saturday evening, with 115 participating earlier on Sunday. Due to gusty conditions, planned ascents on Thursday and Friday had to be cancelled. Last year's parking problems saw the event close its gates for the first time. This time, car park spaces had to be pre-booked. Saturday saw 90-minute long shuttle bus delays while a closed bridge at the Cumberland basin also caused traffic problems. However, thousands of people turned up to watch the evening nightglow and fireworks display. A final mass ascent is expected at 18:00 BST to round off the festival which closes at 20:30 BST.
Manx riders Mark Cavendish and Peter Kennaugh have both won national road race titles in recent years. This year's event will feature the time trials on 22 June and road races three days later. Director of cycling, Jonny Clay said: "We are thrilled to be returning to the Isle of Man for the biggest date in the British road racing calendar. "Steeped in cycling heritage, passion, and tradition, the island is the perfect venue for such a prestigious event," he continued. Their successful bid for 2017 was jointly put together by Manx International Cycling and the Department of Economic Development. The chief minister of the island, Howard Quayle, said it would be a "fantastic opportunity to greet some of the finest cyclists in the world. Mentioned by Richard Fletcher, the chairman of the Isle of Man Cycling Association, that the island would provide the "perfect setting for the event." Previous winners of British national titles also include Sir Bradley Wiggins and Laura Kenny
Well over half of the 650 seats up for grabs are "very unlikely to change hands" on 7 May, according to the Electoral Reform Society. That won't stop candidates from rival parties - not to mention independents - from putting themselves forward. "No-one in their right mind would stand in a safe seat unless they saw it as a stepping stone," says Steven Fielding, a professor of political history at Nottingham University. Believing that while there could be upsets in an "extraordinary" election, running against the favourite is usually a thankless task with little support from party HQ. Your party will be very small, many activists will be drafted into marginal seats, it must be a very dispiriting experience. " Prof Fielding said the use of safe seats as a "stepping stone" for future high-flyers seemed to be diminishing, as more favoured candidates are propelled into close-fought marginals or safe seats of their own. But it has been the first step on the Westminster ladder for many leading figures in British politics. They include Boris Johnson, who ran in the safe Labour seat of Clwyd South ("I fought Clwyd South - and Clwyd South fought back", he said) and Tony Blair, who came a distant third in a by-election in Tory stronghold Beaconsfield South in 1982. Former Home Secretary and Conservative Party leader Michael Howard has fond memories of his first  two attempts to get elected, in Liverpool Edge Hill in 1966 and 1970. "I enjoyed them both tremendously," he says. "In some respects, particularly in the first election, it was a bit lonely. "I remember canvassing on my own in the snow - it was quite a cold winter - but apart from other occasions like that, I had a small but very loyal band of followers, we worked together and had a lot of fun. "The electorate was not at all hostile, obviously it was a Labour seat but very friendly and very funny. "A lot of people said they would never vote for me in a month of Sundays, but they said it with great humour. Mr. Juby insists that he quite enjoyed the worst ever performance in a by-election by a governing party, as he managed 349 votes in November's Rochester and Strood by-election as the Liberal Democrat candidate. "If you want to do politics it's a good experience in a constituency you are not going to win. Getting used to the media and the public meetings is a good grounding, which is why people do it. "I would recommend everybody to experience it in their life, it's a good experience." " Was he not dispirited? "I think if I had been 20 years old I might have been, but when you get to a certain age, life goes on. " If you're going to try and claim a scalp in a safe seat, they don't come much bigger than the leader of your rival party. Joe Goldberg tried to unseat local MP David Cameron for Labour in Witney in 2010, finishing third as the future prime minister coasted to a 22,740 majority. Source: House of Commons Library "You're not going to beat David Cameron when you're standing in Witney, it's not going to happen," the 38-year-old says, insisting that despite the "huge commitment" his campaign required, he does not regret it "for a minute". Taking part in a Hustings debate against the Tory leader was "something to tell the grandchildren", he says. But his reason for standing is probably shared by also-rans across the country. "It's about making sure that there's a voice for people who have a slightly different point of view," he adds. "That's part of the democratic process. ".
Ministers, according to Alex Neil, will also seek to decrease the burden of applying for social security. MSPs will be taking on responsibility for several benefits as part of the new Scotland Bill. They include the Carer's Allowance and benefits for the disabled such as the Disability Living Allowance. Just over 15% of welfare spending north of the border will be devolved, with the legislation also giving the parliament in Edinburgh the power to create new benefits and top up existing payments. Mr Neil will use a debate on Tuesday to set out the key principles that will underpin the Scottish government approach to welfare - that social security is an investment in the people of Scotland, with respect for the individual at the heart of the system. Holyrood ministers also stress welfare services will be "evidence based", and provide value for money, while "putting people first" will be central to all policies, processes and systems. Mr Neil said: "With our new social security powers we have the opportunity to take a different approach and develop policies for Scotland which will help to remove the stigma attached to accessing benefits. "These policies will be based on principles which will ensure people are treated with dignity and respect. We want to show that social security can be fairer, tackle inequalities, and protect and support the vulnerable in our society. "It's natural for individuals who receive benefits, whether they are ill, retired, or disabled, to have worries about the impact of these changes on them. I want to reassure them that our main focus is for them to receive their benefits in a timely manner and with the correct amount. " " He added: "We want to ease some of the stress of applying for benefits and will make the system easier and simpler to navigate, and align it with our devolved services that support people. ".
Mr Biden warned of "further attempts by Russia to meddle in the democratic process" during a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. The US vice-president said Washington must work with Europe to stand up to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Mr Biden's warning comes two days before Donald Trump's inauguration. President-elect Trump has indicated he would take a more conciliatory tone with Vladimir Putin, and has predicted the disintegration of the European Union while publicly backing the UK's exit. Appearing to take aim at the incoming president, Mr Biden's speech did not mention Mr Trump by name, noting a "dangerous willingness to revert to political small-mindedness". However, it was Mr Putin who was Mr Biden's clear target. "Under President Putin, Russia is working with every tool available to them to whittle away at the edges of the European project, test the fault lines of Western nations and return to a politics defined by spheres of influence," Mr Biden told the assembled leaders, CEOs and bankers on Wednesday. "We see it in their aggression against their neighbours. we see it in their worldwide use of propaganda and false information campaigns. I promise you, with many countries in Europe expected to hold elections this year, further attempts by Russia to meddle in the democratic process should be anticipated. It will happen again. "And again the purpose is clear: to collapse the liberal international order. " On Tuesday, China's President Xi Jinping said there was "no point" in blaming economic globalisation for the world's problems, saying financial crises were caused by the excessive pursuit of profits. His comments were read as a rebuke to Mr Trump, who has promised a protectionist approach.
The News Letter and the Irish News both lead on the possibility of a nationalist pact ahead of the general election on 8 June. The Irish News tells its readers that Sinn Féin and the SDLP have already held talks at Stormont to discuss the possibility. The paper says Sinn Féin's northern leader, Michele O'Neill, met SDLP leader Colum Eastwood on Wednesday. The Irish News points out that the SDLP has traditionally dismissed electoral pacts as "sectarian headcounts", but suggests Sinn Féin pressure on their three seats may be influencing the party's thinking. Mr Eastwood has pointed out the "anti-hard-Brexit cause" as a potential area of common ground between his party and others, but reiterated that the SDLP had no interest in engaging in "sectarian pacts". The News Letter's front page headline - "SDLP's crossed wires on pacts for election" - highlights the discrepancy between Mr Eastwood's position and that of South Down MP, and former SDLP leader, Margaret Ritchie. Ms Ritchie told the BBC on Wednesday that the SDLP "do not do electoral pacts". The Belfast Telegraph also looks at the issue: "Unionists could do a deal on SIX seats" is its lead story. The paper says unionists are "set to meet within days to discuss their most comprehensive election pact ever". The Telegraph also carries remarks from Colum Eastwood, who on Wednesday accused Theresa May of throwing a "grenade" into the talks process with her shock election announcement. In other news, the Irish News points out that it is now 100 days since the late Martin McGuinness resigned as Deputy First Minister, pulling down Stormont's power-sharing executive. Mr McGuinness is accused by former IRA bomber Shane Paul O'Doherty of telling a "whopper of a lie" about his paramilitary past, with the paper devoting no less than eight pages to the former IRA leader's legacy. But commentator Denis Bradley says the former education minister's focus remained a united Ireland and that he had left Sinn Féin in a "win-win situation". Unionist analyst Alex Kane says Mr McGuinness' influence "changed the face of Northern Ireland politics", while ex-Sinn Féin MLA Daithí McKay writes that his former Stormont boss "changed our society for the better". Nelson McCausland, a former DUP MLA turned political commentator, has penned an opinion piece for the Belfast Telegraph questioning why the British Broadcasting Corporation often fails to represent the country it serves. He argues that the corporation leans too heavily towards liberalism and urges the BBC to address this imbalance. Meanwhile, the Belfast Telegraph notes that church organists remain in demand, but changes in religious services could lead to shifts in this demand. The paper says there is still a need for traditional organists, and particularly for those who can play the organ along with praise bands, which are popular with many modern churches. A local organ builder has warned a lack of trained organists could lead to a vicious circle, with more churches using bands at the expense of tradition organ-led music. And finally, The Irish News brings us the story of how south Armagh business woman Lisa McMahon is adding Moe's Tavern from The Simpsons to her "inflatable" pub collection. She also plans to launch a replica of the bar from The Quiet Man following talks with Disney, the paper reports.
Donegal secured their second title after their first triumph two years ago by defeating the holders. Roisin Friel and Yvonne McMonagle took control and scored early goals for Donegal. Keeping Monaghan in touch were points by Ellen McCarron, but Donegal remained in command after McLaughlin's first goal helped them lead 3-5 to 0-9 at the break. Donegal's winning margin would have been even bigger but for a final goalkeeping display by Linda Martin. In the Connacht Ladies Final at Castlebar, Galway defeated Mayo 3-12 to 1-8. SUNDAY OTHER GAA RESULTS Munster SFC Final Kerry 1-23 0-15 Cork Ulster MHC Semi-Finals Antrim 1-21 0-18 Down Derry 4-16 2-06 Donegal Leinster SHC Final Galway 0-29 1-17 Wexford
The reason they went to the embassy, according to what they told the BBC, was due to the lack of security for them in the capital city Bujumbura. Social media has been blocked, radio stations closed and protests banned. People have been protesting since Sunday over President Pierre Nkurunziza's decision to stand for re-election in June. African news at it happens: 1 May 2015 The government closed the university on Thursday citing "insecurity". Earlier on Thursday several hundred students tried to organise a march into the centre of Bujumbura. They wanted to stop the president from officially presenting his nomination papers to the electoral commission. The students told the BBC's Maud Jullien that the US embassy was the only place they felt safe and that they feared security forces were pursuing them. She estimates around 500 students are outside the embassy. The US has not reacted to their presence. Senior US diplomat Tom Malinowski met Mr Nkurunziza on Thursday, and afterwards said he had warned that the situation in Burundi was "dangerous". Telling journalists that some of the measures that have been taken to shut down social media, to suspend radio stations not only are wrong as a matter of principle but very counter-productive. Rupert Colville from the UN human rights office also said on Friday that he was "deeply concerned" about the authorities' curtailing people's freedom of speech. At least seven people have died amid the biggest protests Burundi has seen since the civil war ended in 2005. In a Labour Day radio broadcast Mr Nkurunziza, a former rebel leader, warned of "severe sanctions" against protesters who are found to be behind an "insurrectional movement". President Nkurunziza said there would be a judicial inquiry into the protests. Under the constitution, presidents can only be elected to two terms in office but Mr Nkurunziza's allies say his first term does not count as he was appointed by parliament. Burundi's senate has announced that the constitutional court will examine the legality of the bid. Mr Nkurunziza has been in power since 2005, when a 12-year civil war officially ended. More than 300,000 people died in the conflict between the minority Tutsi-dominated army and mainly Hutu rebel groups, such as Mr Nkurunziza's CNDD-FDD.
V&A Dundee invited graduate designers who are Scottish or trained in Scotland to submit ideas for an Oor Wullie statue to represent the museum. Inspired by the work of textile designer William Morris, the design of winner Ellen Brown was. A graphic designer and video game artist is Ms Brown. Honored to represent the museum in the Oor Wullie Bucket Trail, the Abertay University graduate said that she will see 50 sculptures displayed throughout the city during the summer. She expressed that painting the sculpture as a digital artist has been a really interesting challenge and she found it rewarding to see her William Morris-inspired Strawberry Thief design come together. "It's wonderful to bring the design back to Dundee and combine it with such an iconic part of Dundee's artistic history. " The sculpture will be displayed in the Overgate shopping centre until 15 June. It will then be displayed with the other designs for 10 weeks before going to auction to help raise funds for the ARCHIE Foundation's appeal to create a twin theatre suite for Tayside Children's Hospital in Dundee.
Joel Grant headed the visitors in front but Jordan Moore-Taylor turned a cross into his own net as Carlisle levelled. Goals either side of the break had Exeter in control, Ryan Harley stroking home and David Wheeler finding the net. But John O'Sullivan's overhit cross floated in and sub Shaun Miller nodded in as the hosts dramatically came back. Exeter had two goals disallowed for borderline offside calls, and hit the post through Jake Taylor with the final action of the match. Keith Curle's Carlisle have trailed in all three games between the sides this season but are yet to be beaten by the Devon club. Jamaica international Grant was influential with two assists to add to his goal, but Exeter are still yet to beat any of their play-off rivals this season. Carlisle had a penalty appeal waved away in stoppage time after Pierce Sweeney controlled Nicky Adams' cross onto his arm. Only Plymouth had a better away record in the regular-season than Paul Tisdale's Exeter, who will feel frustrated by the offside flag denying both Ollie Watkins and Reuben Reid when they appeared to be level with the last defender. The second leg takes place at St James Park on Thursday at 19:45 BST. Carlisle boss Keith Curle: "The players deserve a lot of credit for the character they have shown. They were challenged today, they were challenged at 3-1 down and a goal having just been disallowed as well. "As soon as we got that goal, the supporters were absolutely phenomenal and then with that little bit of rub of the green that we get, we get something out of this game. "To be honest at 3-3, I looked at the clock and there were eight, nine minutes to go and thought we could walk out of here 4-3 up. " Exeter manager Paul Tisdale told BBC Radio Devon: "It was the type of game we wanted. It went to plan in terms of the way the game flowed, and I think we were rather unfortunate. "I don't think we've had our fair share of fortune during the season, so why should it change now? "We played so well and we weren't here to hold on and grab a draw - we tried to win that game and probably deserved to do so. The match concludes with Carlisle United and Exeter City tied at 3 goals each. The second half of the match also ends with a 3-3 scoreline. Jake Taylor (Exeter City) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Reuben Reid. Attempt saved. Tom Miller (Carlisle United) header from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Nicky Adams with a cross. Corner,  Carlisle United. Conceded by Pierce Sweeney. Attempt saved. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Reuben Reid. Attempt missed. Reggie Lambe (Carlisle United) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left following a set piece situation. Foul by Lee Holmes (Exeter City). Shaun Miller (Carlisle United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Offside, Exeter City. Ollie Watkins tries a through ball, but Reuben Reid is caught offside. Foul by Jake Taylor (Exeter City). Nicky Adams (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Jake Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Shaun Miller (Carlisle United). Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by George Waring. Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Mark Gillespie. Attempt saved. Reuben Reid (Exeter City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ollie Watkins. On the right wing, a free kick is won by Reuben Reid (Exeter City) due to a foul committed by Danny Grainger (Carlisle United). Attempt missed. Reggie Lambe (Carlisle United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Corner,  Carlisle United. Conceded by Jake Taylor. Corner,  Carlisle United. Conceded by Pierce Sweeney. Attempt blocked. Jamie Proctor (Carlisle United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by George Waring with a headed pass. Offside, Exeter City. Jordan Moore-Taylor tries a through ball, but Lee Holmes is caught offside. Substitution, Exeter City. Lee Holmes replaces Joel Grant. Substitution, Exeter City. Jack Stacey replaces David Wheeler. Robert Olejnik (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by George Waring (Carlisle United). Attempt blocked. Nicky Adams (Carlisle United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jamie Proctor. Attempt blocked. Jordan Moore-Taylor (Exeter City) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Ollie Watkins (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Tom Miller (Carlisle United). Goal!  Carlisle United 3, Exeter City 3. Shaun Miller (Carlisle United) header from the left side of the six yard box to the top right corner. Assisted by Nicky Adams with a cross. Goal!  Carlisle United 2, Exeter City 3. John O'Sullivan (Carlisle United) right footed shot from long range on the right to the top left corner. Assisted by Luke Joyce. Foul by David Wheeler (Exeter City). Danny Grainger (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. Luke Joyce (Carlisle United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Jamie Proctor. Hand ball by Pierce Sweeney (Exeter City). Substitution, Exeter City. Reuben Reid replaces Craig Woodman. Substitution, Carlisle United. George Waring replaces James Bailey.
Media playback is not supported on this device Despite starting nervously and trailing early on, the 27-year-old Czech, playing only her third tournament since she was stabbed by an intruder at her home in December, managed to recover and take the first set. She was then a break up in the second before Sweden's Larsson once again hit back. However, 11th seed Kvitova broke again in the ninth game and saw out the win with an ace on her second match point. "It was amazing to step out on Centre Court again," Kvitova told BBC Sport. "It was amazing to be back here and playing on this beautiful court - my favourite court. "It was my motivation to come back and play at Wimbledon and I'm happy that my dream came true. " Kvitova suffered career-threatening injuries to her left hand in December's attack, but recovered quicker than expected to play at the French Open, where she lost to Bethanie Mattek-Sands in round two. She capped her remarkable comeback by winning the Aegon Classic in Birmingham last month but then pulled out of Eastbourne with an abdominal injury. She said she's still missing matches, emphasizing that practice is essential and training alone isn't enough. You just need to play as many matches as you can. "I was tight and nervous today and started badly with my serve, so need to improve that and my ground strokes. I hope with more matches, I will be better and better. " Media playback is not supported on this device Kvitova's nerves were evident as Larsson, 28, broke her serve in the opening game of the match but she recovered to win six of the next seven games and take the first set. Larsson fought hard in the second set too but Kvitova's blend of power hitting and deft drop shots eventually proved too much. Prior to the tournament, Kvitova told BBC Sport that she had "won her fight" by simply being fit for Wimbledon. However, she is one of only two former champions in the women's singles draw - Venus Williams being the other - and so any further improvement could see her in contention for a third title. Simona Halep, the second seed and a semi-finalist at Wimbledon in 2014, marked her presence in a wide open women's singles draw with a comfortable 6-4 6-1 victory over New Zealand qualifier Marina Erakovic. The Romanian, who was defeated by Jelena Ostapenko in this year's French Open final, needed just one hour 13 minutes to beat Erakovic, who released her debut record under the stage name Mad Era earlier this year. Halep will face Beatriz Haddad Maia in the second round, after the Brazilian saw off Britain's Laura Robson 6-4 6-2. Elsehwere, Ukraine's fourth seed Elina Svitolina, who squandered a big lead against Halep to lose in the quarter-finals at Roland Garros, began her campaign with a hard-fought 7-5 7-6 (10-8) win over Australia's Ashleigh Barty. Former world number one Victoria Azarenka came from a set behind to beat Catherine Bellis 3-6 6-2 6-1 in her first Grand Slam match since the 2016 French Open, having given birth to son Leo in December. American Bellis, 18, surged into a 3-0 lead and held her advantage to take the first set, before Azarenka, 27, did the same in the second to level the match. The Belarusian then showed glimpses of the game that took her to two Australian Open titles in racing out to a 4-0 lead in the decider and rode a brief fightback from Bellis to wrap up a promising win as the light faded on Court One. Azarenka will play 15th seed Elena Vesnina in round two after the Russian beat compatriot Anna Blinkova 6-4 5-7 6-2. In contrast to Azarenka, Canada's Eugenie Bouchard - runner-up in 2014 - started strongly against 25th seed Carla Suarez Navarro, only to collapse to a 1-6 6-1 6-1 defeat.
The hosts took the lead after eight minutes when Chris Martin's scuffed shot snuck past goalkeeper Danny Ward. Defender Tomas Kalas scored his first goal in England before Lucas Piazon added a third with a bullet header. Martin scored his second from the penalty spot and Kevin McDonald struck from 10 yards to complete the rout. Fulham had not won at Craven Cottage since beating Newcastle on the opening day of the season, but produced a fine performance to condemn third-placed Huddersfield to a third defeat in four matches. The hosts took advantage of poor defending to go ahead, as the ball was headed down into Martin's path, allowing him to net his third goal this term. Huddersfield's defence was once again exposed when Scott Malone's deep cross from the left was brought down at the back post and lashed home by Kalas. Sone Aluko rode three challenges and stood a ball up for Piazon to power a header in. Aluko was brought down in the box at the start of the second half, with Martin slotting home the penalty. McDonald wrapped up a convincing victory when he met Aluko's pinpoint pass to beat Ward for a fifth time and help Fulham climb to 11th in the table. Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic: "We have shown we can play good football and keep clean sheets and that we can be more competitive. "The job is not done. We need to build on our confidence and philosophy. We are in a learning process and beginning to build some kind of identity. "We and the supporters deserved that after waiting so long for a win. We have played well and got some points before but we couldn't find a clear way to win games. Huddersfield manager David Wagner: "I can leave this game very quickly behind us. We don't have to speak about any tactical problems because we had so many individual mistakes that you couldn't get anything against any opponent. "We were very sloppy when we had the ball and in the end we totally underperformed today. "I think Fulham were stronger in every position. We had problems everywhere. We made so many easy mistakes. "This happens in football. It shouldn't but it does and I've always said we will have ups and downs on our journey. This was a down. " Match ends, Fulham 5, Huddersfield Town 0. Second Half ends, Fulham 5, Huddersfield Town 0. Attempt saved. Elias Kachunga (Huddersfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. On the right wing, a free kick is won by Kasey Palmer (Huddersfield Town) due to a foul by Scott Malone (Fulham). Attempt saved. Kasey Palmer (Huddersfield Town) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jack Payne with a cross. Corner,  Huddersfield Town. Conceded by Tim Ream. Attempt blocked. Jack Payne (Huddersfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Harry Bunn. Foul by Lucas Piazon (Fulham). Elias Kachunga (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Fulham. Scott Parker replaces Kevin McDonald. Tim Ream (Fulham) missed the attempt with a header from the left side of the six yard box that was too high following a corner. Attempt saved. Chris Martin (Fulham) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Corner,  Fulham. Conceded by Harry Bunn. Offside, Huddersfield Town. Christopher Schindler tries a through ball, but Kasey Palmer is caught offside. Substitution, Fulham. Tim Ream replaces Tomas Kalas. Chris Martin (Fulham) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Aaron Mooy (Huddersfield Town). Attempt missed. Nahki Wells (Huddersfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Harry Bunn. Substitution, Huddersfield Town. Martin Cranie replaces Tommy Smith. Scott Malone (Fulham) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Mark Hudson (Huddersfield Town). Corner,  Huddersfield Town. Conceded by Scott Malone. Substitution, Fulham. Floyd Ayité replaces Sone Aluko. Attempt missed. Sone Aluko (Fulham) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Kevin McDonald. Substitution, Huddersfield Town. Tareiq Holmes-Dennis replaces Chris Löwe. Corner,  Fulham. Conceded by Mark Hudson. Dangerous play by Stefan Johansen (Fulham). Elias Kachunga (Huddersfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. Kasey Palmer (Huddersfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Harry Bunn. Hand ball by Stefan Johansen (Fulham). Attempt saved. Chris Martin (Fulham) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ryan Fredericks with a cross. Goal!  Fulham 5, Huddersfield Town 0. Kevin McDonald (Fulham) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Sone Aluko. Foul by Elias Kachunga (Huddersfield Town). Lucas Piazon (Fulham) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Goal!  Fulham 4, Huddersfield Town 0. Chris Martin (Fulham) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. Penalty conceded by Christopher Schindler (Huddersfield Town) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Fulham. Sone Aluko draws a foul in the penalty area. Attempt missed. Tom Cairney (Fulham) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Lucas Piazon. Substitution, Huddersfield Town. Jack Payne replaces Dean Whitehead.
On Friday, the money was seized by revenue officers at Dublin airport during an intelligence-led operation. It is the largest seizure of cash this year, according to officials. Concealed in hand luggage was the money. A three-month detention order was granted to revenue officers at the Irish Criminal Courts of Justice for the purpose of conducting additional investigations. No arrests have been made.
England international Chase, 29, had been suspended pending an internal disciplinary investigation, but will now been given a free transfer. Captain Hansen, 29, is also released while Salford owner Marwan Koukash says Paterson, 28, is moving to Leigh. Fages, the half-back, had resigned from the club and will now be allowed to leave. "We're very close with his advisers to reaching a deal and we want to wish him all the very best," Koukash said of 21-year-old Fages Salford secured their Super League status for next season with their win at Widnes and that will be the catalyst for their recruitment drive for next season, according to Koukash. "Everything was on hold until we secured our position in Super League," he said. Now that this has been accomplished, finalizing the deals is the next step. "I am confident that there will be at least six to eight new arrivals. ".
Joe Allen's half-volley put Wales ahead in Vienna but slack marking allowed Marko Arnautovic to nod level. Wales were fortunate to regain the lead through Kevin Wimmer's own goal - a day after Austria manager Marcel Koller had called his opponents "lucky". Arnautovic seized on more sloppy defending to level again but Wales held on for a point to stay top of Group D. Chris Coleman's side had to cope with spells of heavy Austrian pressure as well as a vociferous Viennese crowd inside a packed Ernst Happel Stadion. The European Championship semi-finalists also had to contend with an injury to Allen, which will make the midfielder a doubt for Sunday's match at home to Georgia. The draw means Wales are level on points with Austria, Serbia and the Republic of Ireland - who beat Georgia 1-0 - but they retain their place at Group D's summit thanks to their superior goal difference. This meeting between Group D's top two seeds was always likely to be a significant fixture, and the game was given added spice by the two managers' pre-match comments. Coleman dismissed Koller's suggestion Wales were "lucky" to reach the Euro 2016 semi-finals, and he appeared to make a pointed reference to Austria's failure to get out of their group when he said some teams in France "couldn't handle the pressure". There was a sense of serendipity to the way Koller's comments came back to haunt him shortly before half-time, as Wales regained the lead in extremely fortuitous fashion. Gareth Bale launched a long throw into Austria's box and, after Sam Vokes' flick-on, James Chester had a header saved by Robert Almer - but the ball bounced off Wimmer and bobbled into the net. The element of luck was amplified by the fact Wales had been under intense pressure before they scored their second goal, although Arnautovic's second equaliser meant Austria were eventually rewarded for their endeavours. On paper, this was Wales' most difficult match of the campaign - Coleman's top seeds away from home against the second-highest ranked team in the group. Austria had won their past 10 qualifiers and were unbeaten in competitive matches at home since 2012. With a highly-charged atmosphere inside Ernst Happel Stadion, Koller's men seemed determined to make amends for their disappointing European Championship campaign. And, despite falling behind to Allen's superb swerving left-footed half-volley, Austria were level five minutes later as Chris Gunter failed to track Arnautovic's run from a lofted David Alaba pass, allowing the Stoke winger to head past Wayne Hennessey. The hosts took charge from that point and, although Wales reclaimed the lead, Allen's loose pass and a poor touch from Chester allowed Arnautovic to run clear and clip the ball over Hennessey. A draw was the least Austria's attacking efforts warranted and, for Wales, a point away from home against one of their primary rivals for Group D's top spot was reward for a valiant performance. Wales manager Chris Coleman: "We have to be honest and say we'll take that point. It wasn't our best performance but Austria are a very good team at home. To take three points we needed to be at our very best in every department but we weren't. We found a way though, by hook or by crook, and we rode our luck at times. "If you can get something when you are not at your best it is a good sign. We made trouble for ourselves, that's not like us. We can play a lot better but we can't fight any harder than that. " Wales forward Gareth Bale: "This is a very difficult place to come but we ground out a 2-2 draw. Austria will beat a lot of teams here, a point is positive. On Sunday, Wales will play at home against Georgia, while the Austrians will be hosted by Serbia. In other news in Group D, Moldova will be visited by the Republic of Ireland. Match ends, Austria 2, Wales 2. Second Half ends, Austria 2, Wales 2. Martin Hinteregger (Austria) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Hal Robson-Kanu (Wales). Marc Janko (Austria) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Marc Janko (Austria). Chris Gunter (Wales) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Marcel Sabitzer (Austria). Chris Gunter (Wales) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Wales. Emyr Huws replaces Neil Taylor. Foul by Aleksandar Dragovic (Austria). Hal Robson-Kanu (Wales) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Wayne Hennessey (Wales) because of an injury. Substitution, Austria. Louis Schaub replaces Marko Arnautovic. Attempt saved. Alessandro Schöpf (Austria) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by David Alaba. Aleksandar Dragovic (Austria) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ashley Williams (Wales). Corner,  Wales. Conceded by Kevin Wimmer. Corner,  Wales. Conceded by Florian Klein. Corner,  Wales. Conceded by Aleksandar Dragovic. Attempt missed. David Alaba (Austria) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Alessandro Schöpf. Attempt missed. Marko Arnautovic (Austria) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Assisted by Alessandro Schöpf. Substitution, Austria. Alessandro Schöpf replaces Zlatko Junuzovic. Offside, Austria. Marcel Sabitzer tries a through ball, but Zlatko Junuzovic is caught offside. Foul by Marc Janko (Austria). Ben Davies (Wales) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Wales. Hal Robson-Kanu replaces Sam Vokes. Offside, Austria. Florian Klein tries a through ball, but Marc Janko is caught offside. Julian Baumgartlinger (Austria) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Gareth Bale (Wales). Foul by David Alaba (Austria). James Chester (Wales) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Marc Janko (Austria) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Ashley Williams (Wales). Attempt missed. Sam Vokes (Wales) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Offside, Austria. David Alaba tries a through ball, but Marko Arnautovic is caught offside. Attempt missed. James Chester (Wales) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Following a corner, Joe Ledley assisted with a cross. Corner, Wales Conceded by Julian Baumgartlinger. Florian Klein (Austria) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Arguing that the trial by a special court jointly established by Senegal and the African Union was marred by procedural errors, his lawyers also claim the defendant's rights were not respected. Mr Habre was the first former leader to be convicted by an African Union-backed court - his case was seen as a landmark for the continent. The former president ruled Chad from 1982 until he was overthrown in 1990 and fled into exile in Dakar, the capital of Senegal. He was sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of rape, sexual slavery and ordering mass killings. Two months after Habre's conviction, the court ordered him to pay up to $33,000 (£27,000) to each of his victims or their surviving relatives. Prosecutors hope to find a way to locate and seize Habre's assets for the compensation of his victims. An estimated 40,000 people in total were killed and many more kidnapped, raped or tortured under Habre's regime. As his appeal trial opened on Monday, one of his lawyers, Mbaye Sene, told the AFP news agency: "We were motivated to appeal by the violations of the law and [the rights] of the defence and procedural errors. Habre asserts that he is not under the special court's jurisdiction and is unlikely to attend the appeal proceedings in person. If his sentence is upheld by the court, he will serve his time in Senegal or another member country of the African Union. A cache of files from Habre's secret police recovered from an abandoned building in Ndjamena, Chad's capital, was used as evidence in the prosecution's case against the former president. These documents alone are said to have revealed the names of 1,208 people who died in detention, and of almost 13,000 people who were victims of torture, extra-judicial execution, and arbitrary arrest. Reed Brody, a Human Rights Watch researcher, says that the secret files provided a roadmap of how the repression of the Chadian people was carried out. • Born in 1942 to ethnic Toubou herders in northern Chad • Given a scholarship to study political science in France • First came to the world's attention in 1974 when his rebels captured three European hostages to ransom for money and arms • Seized power in 1982 allegedly with the help of the CIA • Ousted by current President Idriss Deby in 1990 • Accused of systematically persecuting groups he distrusted Battle to bring Habre to court.
This is the full statement to the inquests from his mother, Edna Murray: Paul leapt into the air, shouting, "This has been the best day of my life". The FA Cup semi-final tickets had finally arrived by post on his birthday on 12 April, 1989. He was excited that both he and his dad, Tony, were going to the match, especially because it was a semi-final. Paul Brian Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April, 1975. He was a very content baby right from the start. He later attended Alexandra Infant School from the age of five and then went to Alexandra Junior School. At school, he enjoyed all sports, but especially football and swimming. He was more keen than talented, but he always turned up on time with his kit and helped the teacher to get everything ready. Profiles of all those who died From the time that he was in junior school, everyone knew that his favourite team was Liverpool Football Club. His love of the club was encouraged by his grandad, who was a Liverpudlian, and also his dad, who appreciated a good team. Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, and John Barnes were his favorite players. In the church choir, Paul was a member and the vicar's son was also a Liverpool fan. On prize-giving evenings at school, Paul would sit patiently, hoping against hope that he would get one of the awards, but it was never to be. In September 1986, Paul moved to Sandon High School, where his older sister was already a student. He was really happy when he was picked to play in the school football and basketball teams. By then he had joined the food technology class and had started to enjoy cooking at home, too. Paul was really popular with his school friends and neighbours, young and old. After Paul died, the elderly lady who lived next door to us told us how he used to run down the hill where we lived to help carry her shopping home for her. She also told us how he would sit on her garden wall and describe all the plants and flowers in her garden to her. The reason he would do this is because she was almost blind, and I guess this was his way of helping her to see the garden. Unfortunately, it wasn't until after Paul's passing that we learned any of this. Paul was also a part of a local 'lads and dads' football team. He was a very popular team player and he always enjoyed playing with them and having the support of his dad there. By the end of 1989, Paul's name was on several trophies. Both schools he attended had organised special awards in his honour and we were asked to present them to the winners. We agreed as long as they were for the boy or girl who was most helpful, reliable, always smiling and a pleasure to have in school, someone such as Paul himself. The two trophies are still awarded to this day. Paul often said, "I want to be famous". In a strange way, his wish was granted in a small part of Stoke-on-Trent.
The Magpies, who beat Preston 6-0 in the EFL Cup on Tuesday, struggled for chances in the first half. However, Serbia striker Mitrovic fired in a low strike and turned home after his header was parried after the break. Preston's Jermaine Beckford scored in the 89th minute and Marnick Vermijl then hit the post in added time. In stark contrast to the thrashing the Magpies inflicted on Preston in midweek at St James' Park, the match saw a low Paul Gallagher drive testing Newcastle goalkeeper Karl Darlow and Bailey Wright's header also forcing a save before half-time. Despite this, two clinical Mitrovic finishes mean the Magpies are now on a seven-game winning run and Rafael Benitez's side remain three points clear at the top of the table. Deepdale hosted a crowd of 20,724, Preston's highest attendance since 2009, as they chased a fifth successive home win in the league. Substitute Beckford's late goal, on his first appearance since 27 August because of injury, briefly gave North End hope, while Newcastle survived a penalty appeal and Vermijl hitting a post in a nerve-jangling six minutes of injury time. But Preston fell to a fifth successive league defeat by Newcastle and drop to 13th in the table. Preston North End manager Simon Grayson: "The referee said to me at the end if he's got it wrong he will apologise. Well that's no good to us now! "Jermaine wouldn't go down if he's got an opportunity like that. It's cost us from getting anything out the game. "We didn't get the breaks with the opportunity for two penalties. You get those breaks when you're at the top of the division. " Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez: "Mitrovic has given me a very good problem to have. We are really pleased because the team is growing. "We knew that it would be a tough game, they have beaten some good teams. We were prepared for that, and defense has been our focus. "We improved a lot in the second half. We had more space, more possibilities to counter attack and I think we did well. "We did well to withstand their pressure and we used our quality to make the difference. " Match ends, Preston North End 1, Newcastle United 2. Second Half ends, Preston North End 1, Newcastle United 2. Marnick Vermijl (Preston North End) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Alex Baptiste with a headed pass. Attempt missed. Bailey Wright (Preston North End) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Karl Darlow (Newcastle United) is shown the yellow card. Attempt missed. Tom Clarke (Preston North End) header from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Bailey Wright. Substitution, Newcastle United. Grant Hanley replaces DeAndre Yedlin because of an injury. Substitution, Newcastle United. Christian Atsu replaces Matt Ritchie. Goal!  Preston North End 1, Newcastle United 2. Jermaine Beckford (Preston North End) left footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Greg Cunningham with a cross. Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Substitution, Preston North End. Marnick Vermijl replaces Callum Robinson. Substitution, Newcastle United. Ayoze Pérez replaces Aleksandar Mitrovic. Bailey Wright (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United). Attempt missed. Tom Clarke (Preston North End) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Attempt saved. Ben Pearson (Preston North End) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Preston North End corner, Matt Ritchie concedes. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Tom Clarke (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United). Offside, Preston North End. Alex Baptiste tries a through ball, but Jermaine Beckford is caught offside. Substitution, Preston North End. Simon Makienok replaces Jordan Hugill. Foul by Alex Baptiste (Preston North End). Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt saved. Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Aleksandar Mitrovic with a headed pass. Bailey Wright (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United). Attempt missed. Daniel Johnson (Preston North End) left footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick. Isaac Hayden (Newcastle United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Jordan Hugill (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Isaac Hayden (Newcastle United). Greg Cunningham (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United). Substitution, Preston North End. Jermaine Beckford replaces Ben Pringle. Goal!  Preston North End 0, Newcastle United 2. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Attempt saved. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by DeAndre Yedlin with a cross. Bailey Wright (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United). Greg Cunningham (Preston North End) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United).
Now he's going to be able to add the latest X-Men film to his CV, after its director Bryan Singer announced his appointment on Instagram. Smit-McPhee will be joining a cast which includes Sophie Turner, Alexandra Shipp and Tye Sheridan. They'll be playing a young Jean Grey, Storm and Cyclops respectively. Bryan Singer, "excited" at the prospect of the young actor playing the role, will have Smit-McPhee portraying a youthful Nightcrawler. In his own Instagram post, the 18-year-old says he feels privileged to get the role. "I am humbled and honoured to be joining this incredible project and to be able to tell the story of the well respected young mutant Nightcrawler. Last year, Sir Patrick Stewart and Sir Ian McKellen revealed that they would not be appearing in the film. Stewart mentioned that there will be a focus on the earlier lives of all our characters, so it seems unlikely that we will be making an appearance. Nor Sir Ian McKellen, either. " Apocalypse will be the eighth film in the superhero series, which includes two Wolverine spin-off movies. The first film in the X-Men series came out in 2000. X-Men: Apocalypse is due out in 2016. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube.
The final member of the family, a male marmoset called Gomez, was found by police on Monday, having been abandoned on a vets' doorstep. A female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday, and are already back at Symbio Wildlife Park, south of Sydney. Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime. Brothers Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure, but they were charged with trying to profit from the theft. Pygmy marmosets - the world's smallest monkey species - command up to A$5,000 (Â£3,000, $3,700) on the black market. Police found the men after a tip-off from the public. The zoo had launched a desperate appeal for information, fearing that the baby marmoset would die within 48 hours if it could not feed from its mother. The four-week-old was discovered when the Georges' car was stopped at Appin, southwest of Sydney. The female marmoset was found about 20km (12 miles) away in the Campbelltown area. Australian newspaper The Daily Telegraph said the brothers had exchanged marmoset pictures with a third person via mobile phone, along with messages about how much a monkey could sell for. "Ay, check out my monkey," wrote the third person, according to court documents. "That's mad bro. Wanna sell it bruh?" Jackson George replied. The baby marmoset is now home and well, said Symbio Wildlife Park, after they reunited it with its mother. "Mum cradled the baby straight into her arms and bub immediately began to feed," the zoo wrote in a statement on Facebook. Police say they are continuing their investigation into the theft. The zoo said the marmoset enclosure is currently closed "to give the family privacy".
The driver of the Ferrari California was stopped in Norwich early this morning by police. Sgt Chris Harris tweeted that the driver did not have a valid UK licence and that the vehicle's insurance had been cancelled. He added that if the driver did not collect the car within 14 days, it would probably be sold. The driver will have that time to prove they have a valid licence and insurance, Mr Harris said.
Pirates were beaten 17-16 in the British and Irish Cup, their third defeat by the same opponents in the space of five weeks. "I know we can produce a lot better than that," Cattle said. "To run them close is good, but when you reflect on that performance and what we could have controlled, we could have come away with a win. " London Irish, who have won all their matches since being relegated from the Premiership last season, lead second-placed Pirates by nine points in their cup pool with only 10 still to play for. Cattle believes his side can secure one of the three places in the quarter-finals for the best runners-up, stating, "We'll be in with a shout of a runners-up spot if we get two bonus point wins from Connacht and Ospreys," he told BBC Radio Cornwall. "We're at the midpoint of the season in the Championship, we're five points off third, two points off the top four, so for us we're in a good place. "Just because results have gone against us in recent weeks doesn't make us a bad team overnight. ".
Sherri Papini, 34, was last seen on Wednesday jogging in her neighbourhood. Her husband said he suspected his wife had been abducted after she failed to pick up their children from childcare. Local police who have interviewed some 290 people, say her disappearance is "suspicious". Her family is offering $50,000 for information regarding her whereabouts. In an interview with ABC News, Keith Papini said: "Everybody who knows my wife knows that there's no reason for her to leave. She was definitely taken against her will. " Mr Papini told police that he had discovered his wife's phone on the side of the road on Wednesday. Earlier in the day, she had sent a text message to his phone asking him if he would be coming home for lunch. "She could drop her phone but she would never in a million years not pick up our children on a time that she normally would have," Mr Papini told ABC News. Shasta county police officers have urged the public to come forward with any information about Ms Papini's disappearance and said they were piecing together information from various sources.
The hosts' display was uncertain and their opponents took full advantage when Jegveni Harin volleyed home. But Hearts swiftly levelled, Prince Buaben converting  a penalty after Vladimir Avilov handled in the box. They went ahead via an Andrei Kalimullin own goal before half-time, but Infonet spurned chances to level. The victory was accompanied by a clear sense of relief for Robbie Neilson and his players. Infonet are midway through their league campaign and in second place. They looked organised and athletic, so the victory provides Hearts with an important advantage. Raggedness dogged the home side throughout and there was never any sense of them being in command. They set out to build on their lead in the second half, but struggled to play through a stubborn Infonet defence, while the visitors continued to threaten on the attack. One of several Infonet players to cause problems for the Hearts defense, Harin's driven shot from the edge of the box, having skipped inside from the right flank, was deflected onto the roof of the net, leaving Jack Hamilton to make a series of second-half saves and watch in relief. They were enthused by his opening goal, but also by the agility of towering centre-forward Vladimir Voskoboinikov and the energy of Dmitrij Kruglov, who drew a superb diving save from Hamilton in the first half and another late on with a 40-yard free-kick. Hearts had to overcome periods of alarm, but familiar traits were at least to hand. Sam Nicholson was bright, inventive and full of dangerous running, while Faycal Rherras, too, looked athletic and technically composed on his debut at left-back. Having conceded the opening goal, Hearts refused to buckle. There was an element of good fortune to the equaliser, with the penalty awarded for handball, but the link-up play between another debutant, Conor Sammon, and Juama was sharp in the build-up. With his spot-kick, Buaben was composed. A spell of pressure was signalled by the goal as Hearts began to find their rhythm. When Jamie Walker slung a corner towards the back post, Paterson turned the ball back across goal. Kalimullin awkwardly turned it into his own net. Uncertain, and occasionally last-gasp, defending was a feature of Hearts' play, although Hamilton remained assured in goal. Still short of match sharpness and dynamism, the second leg - a 1645 BST kick-off in Tallinn next Wednesday - is unlikely to be a formality.
The Sydney native, who won an Oscar in 2002 for his work on the first Lord of the Rings film, is believed to have suffered a heart attack on Monday. Russell Crowe, among the first to react to the news, recently worked with Leslie on his directorial debut The Water Diviner. "The master of the light, genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on," he tweeted. Film critic Harry Knowles, who got to know Lesnie on the set of Lord Of The Rings, also paid tribute, recalling his "many great memories with that man". "In the 14 days I was on set of the original LOTR shoot, I swear I never saw Andrew Lesnie not smiling huge and making others feel the same," Knowles tweeted. "Andrew Lesnie and Peter Jackson would giggle behind the camera together like the most mischievous pair of movie masters that I've seen. " A spokesman from the Australian Cinematographers Society said: "We have been advised of the sudden death of Andrew," adding that the film-maker's family would provide an official statement later. Jackson hired Lesnie for his Lord of the Rings trilogy after seeing his work on Babe, the Australian film about a talking pig. "I'd never worked with him or even met him before, but he'd shot the Babe films and I thought they looked amazing, the way he'd used backlight and the sun and natural light to create a very magical effect," Jackson said in a 2004 interview. With that larger-than-life feel, Babe had the vibe that I desired. His other credits included Rise of the Planet of the Apes, I Am Legend, starring Will Smith, and The Last Airbender directed M Night Shyamalan. Jackson has yet to release an official statement, but staff at Weta Workshop, which produced props and special effects for Lord of the Rings, said they were "saddened to hear the news" of Lesnie's sudden death. "Our memories of Andrew will always be of a wonderful and caring person who looked out for the technicians around him, was keen to have a good laugh and keep everyone jollied along even when things were at the most stressful for everyone," said owners Richard and Tania Taylor on Facebook. "What an incredible man and we are very fortunate to have had the chance to work with him on so many wonderful projects. " Lesnie began his career as a camera assistant on the low-budget horror film Patrick in 1978, while still a student at the Australian Film Television and Radio School. He later worked as a freelance cameraman for TV station ABC, and made a 1980 documentary about Arnold Schwarzenegger's return to bodybuilding in Australia. Throughout the 1980s, he shot music videos for the likes of INXS, UB40 and Mental As Anything. A behind-the-scenes documentary on Mad Max 2 proved to be his big break into film, establishing a long working relationship with director George Miller - with whom he shot the Babe movies and the animated film Happy Feet. His work on Lord of the Rings that cemented his career, earning him an Oscar in 2002, but. Thanking the "sensational" Peter Jackson, Lesnie accepted his award from Jodie Foster and dedicated his prize to his partner, Bronwen, and his sons Jack and Sam. He was inducted into the Australian Cinematographers Society Hall of Fame in the same year. Antony Ginnane, an Australian producer who worked with Lesnie on Patrick and the crocodile horror film Dark Age, described the cinematographer as "energetic, enthusiastic [and] agile". "He had no fear and he had a wonderful eye," he told the Sydney Morning Herald. Magda Szubanski, who played the farmer's wife Esme in Babe, said Lesnie had made the film look "golden". On Twitter, she wrote that he was just a really lovely guy, with her heart going out to his family. " Billy Elliot star Jamie Bell, who worked with the cinematographer on King Kong, added: "Andrew Lesnie was a treat to work with. I am blown away by all he achieved. He'll be missed greatly. RIP. ".
TUV Rheinland, which awarded EU safety certificates to the French implant manufacturer, "neglected its duties of vigilance", the court said. PIP (Poly Implant Prothese) was shut down in March 2010 amidst a worldwide health scare. The company used sub-standard silicone gel, causing many implants to rupture. Q&A: Breast implants health scare Six implant distributors and 1,700 women had sued TUV Rheinland for 50m euros (Â£42m), arguing anything but a cursory inspection would have found problems. The plaintiffs in the civil case will be given an initial payment of 3,000 euros per victim for surgery to have the implants removed. Jan Spivey, a British woman who received PIP implants as part of reconstructive surgery following breast cancer in 2002, said she was "delighted" with the ruling. It is undeniable that TUV bears some responsibility and ought to be held accountable. It is the ones who issue the CE certification for safety, and that is what my surgeon trusted when providing me with the implants. "Anybody that gives safety certification for a product that is going to make women very sick does have responsibility," she told the BBC's Newshour programme It could open the door to many more compensation claims, says the BBC's Christian Fraser in Paris. TUV Rheinland had won two previous cases in Germany. This was the first such case in France. The German firm has said it will appeal against the verdict. TUV Rheinland awarded PIP - formerly one of the world's leading suppliers of implants - its European safety certificate for 17 years. The founder of PIP, Jean Claude Mas, is still on trial for aggravated fraud in Marseilles, along with four of his executives. He revealed during police interviews that he had ordered employees to hide the unauthorised silicone when inspectors visited his factory. It has since emerged the substandard gel was used in 75% of the implants. The court heard an employee in charge of quality control had only a cooking diploma - another in charge of the lab had previously trained as a pastry chef, our correspondent says. A ruling is expected in Jean Claude Mas' case on 10 December.
In Duncombe Place, two men entered The Red House Antique Centre and forcibly opened a cabinet, making off with a selection of valuable gold and silver pieces. Noted by North Yorkshire Police were the distinct, one-of-a-kind items that held historical significance, which include three pairs of gold earrings, a bracelet, and a necklace dating back to the 3rd Century AD. Anyone with information about the theft, which happened at about 09:55 BST on 22 April is asked to contact police.
The changes will see council tax bands E-H rise from April 2017. An opposition amendment meant SNP members were forced to vote for a motion noting that they had failed to make radical enough changes. Finance Secretary Derek Mackay said the changes were "the first step in a journey of reform". The council tax freeze is to end in 2017, meaning all properties could potentially see their bill rise. But the order passed at Holyrood means the top four bands will rise in proportion to the others. The average band E household will pay £2 per week more than at present, and those in the highest band about £10 a week more Parliament had to pass a piece of secondary legislation in order to raise the bands, and this went before MSPs as a parliamentary bureau motion after Finance Secretary Derek Mackay persuaded the local government committee to support the move. Green member Andy Wightman put forward an amendment accepting the changes, but noting that parliament "regrets" that the plans "undermine the principle of local accountability and autonomy and fail to address a number of issues". This was accepted by MSPs, with all opposition members supporting it and SNP members opposed. This meant government MSPs had to vote in favour of a motion critical of their approach in order to get the order passed. Opposition members have repeatedly called for a different approach from the Scottish government, with many pointing to the findings of the Commission on Local Tax Reform. Mr Wightman commented that the government plans were a "re-heat of a discredited system" and were "fatally flawed", stating that the Greens would support the order regardless of any amendments. Finance Secretary Derek Mackay retorted that the changes were simply the "first steps on a journey of reform", criticizing "opportunistic opposition" over the vote. He pointed out that the plans would raise £100m to be spent on education, and said the SNP would not let party politics get in the way of this. But Tory member Graham Simpson said this was "uncharted territory", with the government aiming to raise money at a council level and then spend it nationally on education. He called this an "attack on local democracy". Alex Rowley of Labour accused the government of being dishonest about their tax plans, but stated that his party would back the rate increases as they were an improvement over the current system. Meanwhile, Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie declared that his party would resist the order as it would simply "entrench" the council tax, advocating for "genuine reform." At decision time, Mr Wightman's amendment was passed by 65 votes to 63 after an amendment put forward by Mr Mackay was defeated by the same margin. The final motion then passed by 92 votes to 35. These are not ordinary times; this is not routine politics. There is a minority SNP - and the other parties really want to highlight that fact. I notice a distinct change from the 2007/2011 parliament - when agreements were frequent, particularly between the SNP and the Conservatives on the budget. Now the Tories, emboldened by their electoral second place, are resisting SNP blandishments - while Labour, the Greens and the Lib Dems are similarly immune to appeals for consensus. This may change - there may yet be bargains to come - but right now the tone is different. The outcome? Parliament carried an amendment from the Greens which gave the go-ahead to the upper band increases but added some decidedly sharp criticism of the government which, understandably, was inimical to ministers and their supporters. In vain, did Derek Mackay, the finance secretary, accuse his opponents of opportunism. In vain, did he advance a neutral amendment of his own - offering talks and stressing the twin aims of a progressive and fair local government finance system. In order to secure the anticipated £100m for spending on school attainment, SNP MSPs were obliged to swallow their pride and vote for an amended SSI which criticised their own government in order to secure those higher band charges. Read more of Brian's thoughts on the council tax vote.
A 3-0 defeat in Trnava increased the pressure on manager Gordon Strachan following Saturday's 1-1 draw with the Lithuanians at Hampden. Bannan says it is the players rather than the manager who should take the blame for the setbacks. "It's our fault, we're the ones who are out there losing games," he said. "We aren't thinking anything [about Strachan's future]. We're disappointed at the moment, we'll get ourselves back to our clubs and try to perform, then the next time we meet up we'll try to look at where we went wrong on this trip. " Bannan believes Scotland can still achieve their aim of at least a second-place finish in Group F despite taking only four points from their opening three games, and with their next match against England at Wembley on 11 November. "Everybody's disappointed, as you can imagine, but there's only three points [between] us and England," Bannan said. "We've made it tough for ourselves and we're going to have to get a result from somewhere and we're confident of doing that. The last two results have left us disappointed and the group remains wide open. "We're still in the mix and there will be plenty of ups and downs. It's not over, all the teams are closely matched in this group. England dropped points in Slovenia and we dropped points in Slovakia. " Media playback is not supported on this device Bannan admitted the nature of the goals conceded to Slovakia were disappointing, because "they were avoidable. You don't mind losing to a wonder hit, but to lose goals that you know you don't have to lose hurts more". Goalkeeper David Marshall described the concessions as "sloppy" but he was encouraged by Scotland's possession for spells in the opening half in Slovakia. The Hull City keeper is adamant Strachan remains the right man to lead Scotland during the World Cup qualifying campaign, despite taking only one point from a crucial double-header. "This early in the campaign it's silly to write us off," he said. "That's Slovakia's first win as well. "I don't think there's anybody within the squad would want the manager to leave. "It's a disappointing start, there's no doubt about that, but we just have to go and win our games. "Slovakia have won one, we've taken four points so far, so we have to look at that as a positive and just keep going. ".
His body was found after a friend called emergency services. Police say he apparently died of a drug overdose. Many fellow actors have been paying tribute to him. He was 46. Hoffmann made his name in the 1990s in films including Boogie Nights and the Big Lebowski, before winning the best actor Oscar for his 2005 portrayal of writer Truman Capote. Throughout his career Hoffman featured in independent films as well as Hollywood blockbusters such as Mission Impossible III. His latest role was in the Hunger Games series of films. In a statement on Sunday, Hoffman's family described his death as "tragic and sudden" and expressed their devastation over the loss of their beloved Phil. Expressing their gratitude for the overwhelming love and support they have received from everyone, they also conveyed their appreciation. British actor John Hurt, who starred alongside Hoffman in the 2003 drama Owning Mahowny, said the news had hit him "very hard" "He was a great actor, a great member of the film and theatre community. An extraordinary talent, directorially as well as an actor. He'll be greatly missed," he told the BBC. Hollywood stars have also paid tribute. Tributes for Philip Seymour Hoffman Tom Hanks said: "This is a horrible day for those who worked â€Žwith Philip. He was a giant talent. Our hearts are open for his family. " "Dear Philip, a beautiful beautiful soul," tweeted actor Jim Carrey. "For the most sensitive among us the noise can be too much. Bless your heart. " As well as films, he also starred in Broadway plays and was nominated for two Tony Awards. The actor was found dead in the bathroom of his Manhattan apartment shortly before 11:30 local time (16:30 GMT) on Sunday, police say. Last year, Hoffman told celebrity news website TMZ that he had sought treatment for drug abuse. He told the website he had used prescription drugs, and briefly heroin, before seeking help. With over 60 film credits to his name, including Magnolia and The Master with director Paul Thomas Anderson, Hoffman was nominated for a best supporting actor Oscar. He made his debut as a film director in 2010 with the New York-set Jack Goes Boating, in which he also starred. British film critic Jason Solomons said he "lit up the screen". "He'd take the weirdest parts and give them a human element. He was a fantastic director as well and showed a real touch with actors," he said.
But the fin is also arguably one of the most safety-critical aerodynamic surfaces on the vehicle. It's essential to keeping Bloodhound SSC on a straight line as it races across the dried-out lake bed of Hakskeen Pan in South Africa to try to break the land speed record. Andy Green explains that at 1,000mph, the big vertical stabiliser on the top edge of the rear of the car will be his best friend. "Like a dart, with the heavy lump at the front, it's the feathers at the back that keep the dart straight, and you need to create exactly the same effect at high speed in a transonic, supersonic car," he says. "At that speed, there is almost no wheel grip. The wheels will be penetrating the surface of the desert by perhaps two or three millimetres. "My wheel grip will be less than running a slick-tyred car on ice. At supersonic speeds, all of the grip is aerodynamic grip; it's like flying a jet fighter. " This week, at the Bloodhound Technical Centre in Bristol, Wing Commander Green has seen his RAF colleagues complete the manufacture of the tailfin. Because the structure is identical to one you'd find on a fighter, it's the engineers from 71 Squadron (Inspection and Repair) who've been asked to build it. Comprising 139 major parts, the aluminium fin has five long vertical spars as its key internal elements that take most of the loading. These are separated by shorter struts, or intercostals. The entire frame is then covered with a curved skin. Everything has been hand-crafted by 71 Squadron, right down to the 10,000 or so rivet holes. And each of those holes has been opened in stages, deburred (cleaned of any sharp edges) and counter-sunk. It's been a painstaking process. Indeed, the team has assembled and disassembled the whole structure several times on its laser-aligned rig to be sure of finding the perfect fit. Says Bloodhound's tailfin lead, Terry Godsmark: "I was in the RAF for 20 years, and the guys here from 71 Squadron will confirm this: A lot of the time you work to manuals, and if you need to change something or fix something, there's a set process. "But in this case, we don't have that because we're building a prototype, a one of a kind. "It's a jigsaw and we always knew there would be a bit of up-down, up-down, as we sussed out all the glitches. " And colleague Mark Robinson adds: "Bloodhound is not like a Ford Mondeo where you can churn them out because you've produced so many of them already. Bloodhound is a one-off, and it will only ever be a one-off. " Robinson's job is to install all of the internal strain gauges, accelerometers and pressure sensors (a few cameras, too). Their data will help Bloodhound's designers understand how the fin is working as Andy Green takes the car ever faster, through the sound barrier and beyond. Those who've been following the project from the outset will have noticed the fin change its appearance over time. In early concept drawings, the stabiliser was envisioned as a small vestigial affair with T-mounted horizontal winglets. As the project has moved deeper into the design, the fin has grown and those winglets have been moved down into a cruciform configuration. There's also now a long strake running ahead of the fin. All this has been necessary because the car has got heavier and its centre of gravity has moved backwards. A bigger, more performant fin is now required to reposition the centre of aerodynamic pressure and maintain the desired yaw static margin - essentially the vehicle's dart-like quality. Nonetheless, some fine tuning will be required when Andy Green starts running the car in South Africa. Starting off at a "slow" pace of around 300mph, he will then slowly increase speed towards approaching the sound barrier. Occasionally, he will experiment by slightly moving the steering wheel to observe the car's positioning adjustments. Does it step straight back, or does it continue to step out, and increasingly so? The intention is to find a sweetspot where Bloodhound is neither too stable nor so unstable that all Andy Green's inputs are ignored by the car. He will want small movements on the steering to give him small responses. Fine-tuning may involve putting some lead weights at the front of the vehicle. "We'll go step by step, proving that we have that positive yaw static margin - or in other words, the heavy bit of the dart is far enough in front of the tail feathers to make sure it sticks in the dartboard pointy-end first, every time. " The finished Bloodhound is still on course to roll out of the Bristol centre later this year. The car will be run across two campaigns in South Africa - the first to break the existing land speed record of 763mph (1227km/h), and the second to raise the new mark to over 1,000mph (1,610km/h).
Keith was 12 when he was snatched in 1964 in Longsight, Manchester, by Ian Brady and his accomplice Myra Hindley and murdered on Saddleworth Moor. Alan Bennett has stated that the family will continue to push for access to the files in order for Keith to receive the burial he deserves. The family is informed about any new developments by Greater Manchester Police. Mr Bennett said: "We're quite willing to do anything we have to do to bring Keith home. It would help if we knew everything. "I'm hoping they will allow us access. " Brady and Hindley murdered five children between 1963 and 1965. The bodies of three of them were buried on Saddleworth Moor near Manchester, while one was found at Brady's home. Keith was snatched by Brady as he made his way to his grandmother's house. His is the only body never to have been found. The police said the search is in a "dormant phase", with only a major scientific breakthrough or significant piece of fresh evidence able to prompt a new search. Martin Bottomley, who is head of the Cold Case Review Unit, said officers would be meeting with the family to "discuss any concerns". He said: "Barely a week goes by when we do not receive some information which purports to lead us to Keith's burial site. "All of these claims are investigated and it remains our aim to find Keith for the sake of his surviving family members. "Once Keith is back, we can finally grieve. He will receive the burial he deserves, not the one he didn't deserve. " " In 1987, after Brady and Hindley admitted killing Keith and 16-year-old Pauline Reade from Crumpsall, they were taken back to Saddleworth Moor by detectives to find the bodies but only Pauline's remains were found. Brady and Hindley also killed John Kilbride, 12, and Lesley Ann Downey, 10, as well as Edward Evans, 17.
Over a period of two days in October, 46 patients had to wait more than 12 hours at University Hospital North Midlands to be seen by medical staff. The hospital said the money would be spent on diverting some patients to nearby Haywood Walk-In Centre. Staff said the delays in treating patients were caused by "a combination of many factors". One man, Alan Wrench, whose wife collapsed while waiting more than eight hours to be seen at the hospital, said he felt emergency cases needed to be categorised differently. He said that we waited in a line, and it wasn't until 06:00 that she finally saw a doctor. My wife was experiencing a great deal of pain, and I believe they could have organized patients in a different manner. You were just in queue and you were seen in the order in which you arrived. " Clinical lead Ann Marie Morris said the extra resources would be spent on diverting 50 ambulances a month to the walk-in centre. To cope with the extra patients, the resources of the centre's X-ray department will be extended. "We need to manage the demand of patients coming through the front door," she said. "Encouraging the public who don't necessarily need to come to the emergency department for their treatment would manage that demand. ".
It follows a court decision on Thursday which approved a government plan to clear the camp. Authorities say around 1,000 migrants will be affected by the eviction plan for the southern part of the camp. Many of the over 3,700 migrants living in the camp are hoping to cross the Channel to reach Britain. The conditions there are squalid and its sprawling presence has become a controversial issue in both France and the UK. Local officials said public areas such as places of worship or schools would not be cleared and that it would be a "humanitarian operation". On Friday officials toured the southern part of the camp telling people it was "time to leave", volunteers there said. The French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said the authorities would carry out the court order humanely as the Help Refugees charity reported that 10 adults had taken up the government's option to leave on buses brought to the camp. Residents would be relocated to a nearby park of converted shipping containers or other centres within the country. "There was never any question of the French government sending bulldozers on to the site," he said on Thursday. Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart said the authorities would also seek to reduce the size of the northern part of the camp in the coming months. This would enable work to start on a project to extend the city's port, she told Reuters news agency. This week, neighbouring Belgium announced temporary controls on its border with France amid fears of an influx of migrants from the camp. France described the Belgian move as "strange". Mr Cazeneuve said the very idea of Calais migrants heading for Belgium did not "correspond to reality". However, Belgian officials say dozens have already been stopped trying to cross the border. Tea, rivalry and ambition at 'Jungle hotel' Jungle migrants prepare to move Migrants resist relocation to containers.
The latest demonstrations over the alleged rape and other reported police abuses have been seen in the capital. The victim, known publicly only as Theo, reported being beaten up by officers and raped with a truncheon after being stopped on 2 February. Four police officers have been suspended pending an inquiry. After starting their protest at the Place de la Nation, the demonstrators set fire to bins. The protesters, using rubbish bins and other objects, gathered outside schools in Paris to prevent students and teachers from entering, barricading the entrances. There were no reports of serious injuries, despite pictures on social media of clashes between police and protesters on the fringes of the Place de la Nation rally. Police said they carried out only a handful of arrests. Police said the protests were unlawful because no prior permission had been granted, according to local media. Protests are also reported by French media to have taken place in Montpelier. Earlier this month, Theo described his trauma at the hands of police. He said he left home in north-west Paris and found himself in the middle of a police identity check targeting drug dealers. He said he was then raped with a truncheon, as well as racially abused, spat at and beaten around his genitals.
"I said at the start of the summer that we all have a responsibility to show leadership and to continue to seek resolutions to contentious issues through discussion and to ensure any difficulties are identified and resolved peacefully. By doing so, we become stronger as a community and a country. "I thank all those involved. We want to build a future that is respectful, inclusive and vibrant. Northern Ireland can have a very bright future built on respect and celebration of diversity. " "I commend the representatives of the Orange Order and Cara for their efforts in negotiating a solution. "This is a clear demonstration that local dialogue can work, and offers up the best chance of resolving disputes like this. "I want to express my gratitude to the facilitators and everyone else who contributed to tirelessly working towards achieving this crucial agreement to settle the Twaddell parades dispute. I appreciate all their efforts in making this agreement a reality and eagerly await the implementation of this new agreement to bring an end to the protest. " "I also wish to take this opportunity to thank the chief constable and his officers who were at the frontline, policing this situation over the course of the last three years, for their impartial and impeccable support to protect the entire community at the Twaddell interface. " "From what I am hearing, it looks as if it is a fair and balanced agreement. It is very close to what was nearly agreed in 2012. "I think it is the sort of thing that could stick and could see it through. " "Expressions of place and identity can be very emotive and challenging. "I wish to pay tribute to those in the Orange Order and among local residents for their leadership and courage in achieving this agreement. I look forward to its full implementation in good faith and good neighbourliness. " "I want to commend the work of the mediators, Rev Harold Good and Jim Roddy, and the leadership of those local lodges and the Crumlin Ardoyne Residents Association who have made this agreement possible. I also want to thank everyone else who was involved in this process and in particular local Sinn Féin elected representatives who provided support for the residents and leadership in the community. This progress is evidence that through dialogue and co-operation, and a willingness to resolve difficult disputes, that it is possible to reach agreement. " "It is important to recognise that the completely voluntary nature of this deal between Cara and the Orange Order is a source of genuine anxiety and real concern for the people of Ardoyne, given all of the previous actions of the Orange Order and the behaviour of local lodges, bands and supporters, particularly over the last three years. "These concerns were strongly expressed by the residents who attended the public meeting where this deal was revealed. "While this deal can be welcomed now, previous experience over many years warrants an air of caution. The success of this deal can only be judged in the long term. " "I congratulate the representatives of the two sides on reaching an agreement and thank the mediators for their good work, despite the disappointments of the past summer. "I look forward to seeing the full details of the deal being published and most importantly, put into action. " "While the camp at Twaddell may have offered a focal point for justified frustration and anger in the early days of the impasse, it had become an expensive and ineffective initiative. "I hope the parade will now be allowed to pass peacefully and respectfully. " "The Police Service welcomes the news of a local agreement in relation to the challenges surrounding parades and protests at Twaddell/Crumlin Road in north Belfast. "I and my officers look forward to stepping back from the significant policing operation that has been ongoing for some time. "We will continue to work with all communities to secure a long-term resolution of the issues surrounding parades and protests in Belfast. " "I welcome the agreement that has been reached between the lodges and residents of Twaddell Avenue after three years of dispute, and pray that it might now find peaceful resolution as we look forward to the future. "For all concerned this has been a long-running and seemingly intractable situation. For this reason I give thanks for the dedication, patience and persistence of all involved in bringing these negotiations to a resolution. "What will now be important, as we move forward, is for equal energy and persistence to be given to strengthening community relationships across the whole community. " "I welcome this announcement that brings to an end the protracted impasse at Ardoyne and which, hopefully, sees to an end the inter-community strife. "I note that one of the practical out workings of this agreement will be the ability of the Ligoniel Orange Lodges to complete their July 2013 return parade on October 1st. " "We welcome news that both sides involved in this long-running dispute have reached agreement. "We would like to pay tribute to all those who have worked tirelessly behind the scenes to bring this situation to a peaceful conclusion, allowing this area of north Belfast to continue on its journey of reconciliation. "We continue to pray for all those who strive towards peace and a shared future in the area. " "This will immediately release the officers deployed in connection with that protest to be utilised in front-line duties in the communities they were extracted from. "It will also help to take some of the pressure off those frontline officers who, on a daily basis, are struggling to meet demand. We obviously commend all those who played a part in making this resolution possible. " "The Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland, meeting in County Leitrim on Saturday, welcomed the news that an agreement has been reached by the Ligoniel lodges and bands in respect of completing their 2013 Twelfth of July parade. Supporting local solutions for local situations is something the Grand Lodge believes in. However, it is important to note that there are still areas in Northern Ireland where resolutions regarding parades have not been reached, and brethren are still protesting. They too have our full support. ".
George Williams, 51, controlled a Liverpool-based team conning firms into paying for adverts in a publication called "Emergency Services News". They should have produced about 1. 2m copies to fulfil their promises to clients but instead police found they only printed 30,000 copies. Four other men were sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court over the scam. The defendants, who called themselves Weinstein Williams Associates Ltd, were found to have falsely claimed that they worked for the emergency services. Detectives believe as many as 15,000 victims paid for adverts in publications that either did not materialise or never reached the audience that the team had promised. Some victims defaulted on mortgage payments to settle bills after being threatened with legal action, Merseyside Police said. One man even sold his work van. Det Cons Lee Egerton said: "George Williams and team meanwhile lived a life of comfort and luxury on the back of their crimes. " Williams, from Lineacre Road in Liverpool, and his operations manager Gayle Leahair were found guilty at an earlier trial of fraudulent trading and conspiring to commit fraud by false representation. Leahair and another woman who pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit fraud by false representation will be sentenced at a later date. Sales manager Ronnie Lloyd, who pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit fraud by false representation, was sentenced to 12 months in jail. The other men, who admitted the same charge, include:.
The first survival data on using ipilimumab and nivolumab in combination showed 69% of patients, in a trial on 142, were still alive after two years. UK doctors leading the trial said the results were "very encouraging". Melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer, is the sixth most common cancer in the UK It kills more than 2,000 people in Britain each year. Data from a separate melanoma study on Merck's immunotherapy pembrolizumab also showed an increase in survival. The drug also works by cutting the immune system's brakes. The results of an early stage trial, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, showed a third of patients lived for 12 months with no sign of the tumour growing. The immune system is a powerful defence against infection. However, there are many "brakes" built in to stop it attacking our own tissues. Cancer - which is a corrupted version of healthy tissue - can take advantage of those brakes to evade assault. Ipilimumab and nivolumab are designed to cut the brakes. Both have become standard therapies in melanoma, but most researchers believe combination therapy will be essential. The trial showed the survival rate after two years for ipilimumab alone was 53% and no patient's tumours had completely disappeared. The equivalent figures for combination therapy were 69% and 22%. However, more than half of patients had severe to life-threatening side effects which stopped their treatment. Dr James Larkin, who ran part of the trial at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London, told the BBC News website: "It is very encouraging to see that survival rate. "It will be important in terms of working out the benefit of these treatments in the longer term, but nevertheless it's a relatively small study still. " A much larger trial involving nearly 1,000 patients has already started releasing data, but has not run for long enough to produce survival figures. Vicky Brown, 61 and from Cardiff, was diagnosed with malignant melanoma that had spread to her lungs and breast in April 2013. She started the combination therapy later that year. "It worked within a month. There were lumps I could actually feel and they disappeared quite quickly," she told the BBC. Facing severe side effects, including an upset liver and inflamed bowels, she experienced a recurrence of the cancer a year later. She is currently undergoing her second round of combination immunotherapy, which appears to have once again reduced the size of the tumors. "My granddaughter is now coming up to four and I now have a second grandchild and not to have been part of their lives would have been heartbreaking, so I'm really thankful," she added. Historically, when a treatment fails and a cancer starts to grow again then that drug has become useless. But Dr Larkin thinks "we're dealing with something different here". He added: "This combination of drugs alters the balance of immune system, two years down the line the immune system might have stopped recognising the tumour. "To me it is extremely encouraging that giving the combination again we can reintroduce recognition by the immune system - it is like a booster dose. " Both drugs were developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Prof Richard Marais, from Cancer Research UK, said the results were "exciting" and "offer new hope to melanoma patients and their families". However, he added: "It's important to remember that there's an increased likelihood of severe side effects when these drugs are combined. "We need to identify which patients are most likely to benefit from this combination and also which patients are most likely to experience the side effects. "That will help doctors to ensure each patient gets the best treatment they need. " Follow James on Twitter.
Of course, the one moment I would really like to have over again is my conversion after Tim Swinson's try, which I managed to put under the bar from in front of the posts. I rushed the kick and unfortunately as I ran up to strike the ball it fell off the tee. It cost us an easy two points, which was disappointing. It's a lesson learned - always make sure the ball is properly set up on the tee before taking the kick. I'm not sure if that miss had any bearing on the final outcome. France elected to go for goal with a couple of penalties in the second half rather than kick for the corner and I did wonder during the game whether they might have made different decisions had I kicked that conversion to give us a five-point cushion. It could have changed the game but it's hard to tell. It was a brutally physical game. There were a lot of sore bodies after it, a lot of injuries. The big negative for us - aside from the result obviously - was losing Greig Laidlaw and Josh Strauss for the rest of the tournament. As captain, Greig has a massive impact on the team, on and off the field. He's a great guy to have around and not having him this week has been tough. He's been there since I've been part of the Scotland squad and that's the case for a lot of the boys. We've got a strong group of leaders in the squad. Obviously Greig was the main one so with him being absent other guys in the squad have had to step up this week. I'm not the sort of guy who likes standing up and speaking in front of a group of people but on the pitch your scrum-halves and fly-halves need to be leaders. Media playback is not supported on this device I've felt this week I've had to do some of what Greig does in giving a little bit of direction to others. Ali Price, Henry Pyrgos and I are used to talking things through at Glasgow about what is working and what isn't, so in the absence of Greig we have tried to come together as a group to chat things through. The good thing is the three of us and Duncan Weir have all played together a lot so we'll have a good 9-10 connection whatever the half-back combination is at any point in the game. Wales have been impressive in this Six Nations and we know what a huge challenge they will provide at Murrayfield. They were very good against Italy and were unfortunate not to beat England in Cardiff, losing in almost the last play of the game. They are a quality team. It will be another very physical game but there will be a few things the Welsh will throw at us that France and Ireland didn't. Being both smart and physical will be necessary. One thing we can learn from the France game is the importance of maintaining the clinical edge we have shown in our recent performances. Our chance conversion rate in the tournament so far has been good and we'll need to take our chances when they come along on Saturday because Wales are not the type of team who allow you too many glimpses of their try-line. Media playback is not supported on this device Our record against Wales has been mentioned in the camp a few times this week. We've not beaten them since 2007 but our focus is really on looking ahead rather than at results from previous years. The middle game of the championship is always a crucial one. After losing to France we were disappointed so this is a key game for us to get our tournament back on track. Wales are one win from two as well so they are in the same situation as us. They'll have been gutted after the England defeat having come so close to winning. There is a lot riding on this match for both teams. Finn Russell was talking to BBC Sport Scotland's Andy Burke.
Andrew Broadhead, 42, and eight-year-old Kiera died in the blaze at their home in Ash Crescent, Stanley, Wakefield on Wednesday. Police believe an "accelerant was poured through the letterbox". In a statement, his wife Sara said he saved her life and rescued their eldest daughter before going back in. Police think the arsonist may have been injured because the fire took hold so quickly and continue to appeal for anyone with information to come forward. Mrs Broadhead, aged 35, expressed her gratitude to the local community for the "kindness and support" they have demonstrated, stating, "Andy, a courageous hero, was able to rescue his wife and eldest daughter's lives." "Unfortunately he couldn't save our youngest daughter Kiera and gave his own life trying to save hers. "He was a very kind man and Kiera was a vibrant, independent loving girl. The loss of their lives has absolutely devastated our whole family. " Firefighters were called to the scene of the blaze at about 04:20 BST on Wednesday. An online fundraising campaign to help support the family has raised more than Â£8,000.
The start of the inquiry, originally scheduled for 1 November, has been postponed to 28 February as confirmed during a pre-inquiry meeting in Newport on Friday. Revised traffic forecasts were found to be less than initially predicted, causing a delay in the process. The Welsh Government want a 15-mile, Â£1. 1bn motorway at Newport to relieve congestion at the Brynglas tunnels. It is hoped that the relief road will be opened by the autumn of 2021, connecting the current junction 23 at Magor and junction 29 near Castleton to the south of Newport. "The department of transport issued revised guidance," Inspector William Wadrup told the pre-inquiry. "So they (the Welsh Government) were less confident of the traffic case and the precision of it. So effectively they froze the process. " Mr Wadrup said the Department of Transport had used the planning data "in error. Added Mr Wadrup, "This was pointed out to the department, who accepted this. " The M4 relief road project has been on the agenda since it was first proposed by the Welsh Office in 1991. Up to 13 alternatives to the Welsh Government-backed route are scheduled to be suggested at the inquiry when it begins next month. The Welsh Government are also due to propose the remodelling of junctions for the current Magor Services, and the new junction serving Newport docks. The inquiry, which is expected to last five months, will also look into the Welsh Government's proposed compulsory purchase of land at Newport docks for the construction of the new road. Mr. Wadrup has requested the inquiry, supported by Secretary of State for Transport Chris Grayling and the Welsh Government, to investigate the acquisition of land at Newport docks, objecting to the relief road scheme due to the potential impact on operations at Newport docks as owners Associated British Ports. He stated that the docks are "sacrosanct" and should be exempt from compulsory purchase orders. A concurrent inquiry will also look into the proposed demolition of the Magor Vicarage as it is a listed building.
Seren Bernard, 14, was found dead in Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, in April 2012. The Milford Haven hearing was told she suffered hallucinations and an imaginary friend told her to do things. Ms Pollock claimed that her daughter's care had been inadequate and stated that she had not received enough therapy. She told the inquest: "In my opinion, they had willingly and knowingly put Seren at risk. The coroner, from when she went missing for 10 days in September 2011 until her body was found seven months later, has been examining events leading up to Seren's death. A barrister representing child adolescent mental health support, which was responsible for Seren's therapy, said she discussed her imaginary friend "Jane" with a support worker on two occasions. But Ms Pollock said she was never informed about that or her daughter's hallucinations. During a psychiatric assessment, Seren revealed that she had suicidal thoughts since childhood, as was mentioned in the inquest. Seren's aunt, Tracy Norton, observed odd behavior in her niece, such as sleeping on the floor and attempting to pierce her lip with a school compass. "Social services told me this was normal behaviour for a 14-year-old girl," she said. Ms Norton added that she did not think "anybody could have saved my niece," but that things had to change and people needed to admit their mistakes. Pembrokeshire council's barrister said the authority had to carry out a "difficult balancing act" because Seren had said she did not want to live with her family or have information passed to them. A serious case review last year found Seren's death under the care of social services might not have been preventable and police ruled out crime. The inquest continues.
Priced at $429 (Â£262), the entry level model of the Japanese electronics maker is cheaper than the base model of Apple's iPad2. The company stated that its base model is equipped with wi-fi ability and is aimed at consumers who use tablets at home. On 10 July, the tablet is set to be released in the US. The segment has seen an influx of computer and electronics companies following the success of Apple's iPad. Samsung has launched its Galaxy tab, while Sony has also announced its entry with two new models. While none of them have been able to make a significant dent in Apple's market share, Toshiba said demand for other products was increasing gradually. "There is a market out there of folks who want to buy non-Apple products," said Jeff Barney of Toshiba America.
German second seed Kerber saw off Shuai Peng 7-6 (7-3) 6-3, while Kvitova beat fellow Czech Lucie Safarova 6-3 6-2. Britain's Tara Moore was one set all against Tamira Paszek, with compatriot Naomi Broady leading Daria Gavrilova 6-4 2-4, when rain intervened. In Mallorca, French Open winner Garbine Muguruza lost in the first round. The Spaniard was the top seed at the event which is making its debut on the calendar this year, but lost 6-3 6-4 to Belgium's Kirsten Flipkens in her first match since beating Serena Williams in the Roland Garros final on 4 June. Playing her first-round meeting with Japan's Misaki Doi was prevented by the weather in Birmingham, which led to British number one Johanna Konta's match being third on court in Wednesday's order of play. British number three Broady will play Kerber in the second round if she overcomes Australian Gavrilova. Moore, who reached the final of the Nottingham event last week, would face American seventh seed Madison Keys next.
The Aussie has performed his signature celebration three times this season, sculling champagne from his own shoe. Celebrating his third place finish, the driver indoctrinated Scottish actor Gerard Butler into the tradition. Cheered on as he swigged an energy drink out of Ricciardo's racing boot, the London Has Fallen star was later shared a photo on Instagram by Ricciardo of himself behind the scenes with the actor who appeared unimpressed with the aftertaste. "What a good sport this man was. Thanks for jumping on the shoey Mr Butler," Ricciardo wrote. Eagle-eyed fans noticed that the shoe had been autographed, apparently by Butler, with a firm expletive. The popularity of the shoey-as-celebration has increased on the motorsport circuit, with Ricciardo pressuring former F1 star Mark Webber into the post-race celebration and MotoGP racer Valentino Rossi also joining in on the action. And fans have joined in too at their own peril. Nine Australian tourists - branded the "Budgie Nine" were arrested at the Malaysia Grand Prix after stripping off and drinking beer out of their shoes. Speaking at a news conference in Singapore in September, Ricciardo revealed that although he has popularised the unorthodox celebration, he couldn't take credit for inventing it. "As far as I know I started it in F1 but not worldwide," Ricciardo said. "It was a few loose Aussies, from what I saw, the Mad Hueys - they're surfies and fisherman and just loose guys. They travel the world fishing, surfing and whatever and they like to drink a bit of beer and whatnot, and that's where the shoey began. "On their travels they'd get people to do it as well and it's just a bit of a laugh. ".
Multi-instrumentalist Jack Garratt, pop singer Frances and soul diva Izzy Bizu will compete for the honour. The winner will be announced on Friday 27 November and will receive a prize at the Brit Awards next February. Emeli Sande, James Bay, Florence + The Machine and Adele are among the past winners of the Critics' Choice award. The inaugural award was won by Adele in 2008. Frances, 21, who recently collaborated with dance act Disclosure on a single, expressed her gratitude for being nominated. Last year's honouree was James Bay, known for his album Chaos and the Calm, which is the biggest-selling debut of the year. "I've followed the Brits my whole life, but never thought I'd be lucky enough to be nominated. " The Berkshire singer, whose full name is Sophie Frances Cooke, caught attention with the delicate piano ballad Grow, which has featured on an advert for Amazon. Jack Garratt, 23, has been compared to Ed Sheeran, filtered through the bass-heavy electronica of Daft Punk or Jamie xx. Fashioning smooth, club-ready electro-pop, he combines electric guitar, drum machines, keyboards, and a moving falsetto on tracks such as Weathered, which was recently covered by Ellie Goulding. Other fans of his include Zane Lowe and Rick Rubin, and he was recently named as the winner of the BBC Introducing Prize for emerging artists. Speaking of the Critics' Choice honour, the singer said: "It's such a significant award that highlights the importance of new music, so it's a genuine honour to have been nominated alongside some other incredible new acts from the UK. " Izzy Bizu got her start after winning an open mic night in Camden two years ago. That secured her a manager and a celebrity fan, in the shape of superstar producer Naughty Boy, who happened to be in the audience. She has since released her debut EP and supported Sam Smith on tour, winning converts with sunny, soulful tracks like Give Me Love. "I grew up watching the Brits on the TV at home so it's pretty exciting to be a part of it!" she said. All three artists have been championed by the BBC's Introducing strand, which allows aspiring artists to upload their music to the BBC and, potentially, make it onto the air. The Critics' Choice Award is chosen by a team of experts - including music journalists and music programmers at major TV and radio stations. The Award is open to artists signed to a label who are set to release their debut albums in 2016 and over 100 artists from a range of genres were considered for this year's shortlist. The 2016 Brit Awards take place on 24 February at London's O2 Arena, hosted by Ant and Dec.
Media playback is not supported on this device The 29-year-old France international has regularly been linked with a move. It is understood the Hammers recently turned down a £19. Bilic said, "We have stated that we do not want to part ways with our top players, but Payet has made it clear that he is not interested in playing for us. Marseille has made a 1m bid for Payet, who is a former player of theirs. " "We are not going to sell him. " Payet joined West Ham from Marseille for £10. 7m in June 2015. He excelled in his first season with the London club, scoring 12 goals and earning a nomination for the PFA Players' Player of the Year award. In February 2016 he signed a new contract to tie him to the Hammers to the summer of 2021. Payet has scored five goals so far this season, and the Sun reported last week that Bilic had ordered him to improve his attitude. "I expect from him to come back and to show commitment and determination to the team like the team has shown to him," Bilic said on Thursday. Selling him is not something we're going to do. It's not about money or anything. We want to keep our best players. "I spoke to the chairman and this is not a money issue. We gave him a long contract because we want him to stay. " Payet was left on the bench for Friday's 5-0 FA Cup defeat by Manchester City. "He's probably been tapped up by some clubs or whatever," added Bilic. "That is usual at this time of year. "But until he changes his attitude he is out of the team and he's not going to train with us. " West Ham are 13th in the Premier League, seven points above the relegation zone, and host Crystal Palace on Saturday.
The 32-year-old, from Nottinghamshire, retired at Doncaster Racecourse on Saturday afternoon. Turner rode her first winner 15 years ago and has since gone on to be victorious in more than 750 races, including 100 during 2008. She was deemed a "pioneer" by horse racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght. Expressing satisfaction with retiring of her own accord rather than due to injury, Turner, who hails from Southwell, said: "Maybe in a couple of months' time it will hit me because I've got quite a big hole to fill now as I've been busy the last 15 years. " "I don't think anything will compare to what I've been doing. " Lysaght said she raised the profile of female jockeys "enormously". He said: "She's been a pioneer. at the forefront of making certain that [female jockeys] are part of everything. "She's also been a very strong bubbly personality that people have tended to latch on to and really like. Turner, who rode five times at Doncaster and finished second on Buonarroti in the November Handicap at 15:30, her final competitive ride, has definitely been used as a role model by a lot of people coming through.
The Hong Kong player won eight frames in a row to claim his first ranking event since the 2013 Australian Open. The Scot, 41, began with three straight centuries and a 78 break to go 4-1 up, but Fu won three frames to level it. He took the first four before the evening session interval and sealed victory after play resumed. "I played great at the start and was feeling good but from 4-1, Marco just totally froze me out and played fantastically," said world number three Higgins. Four-time world champion Higgins had been hoping to move clear of Steve Davis and Ronnie O'Sullivan's 28 ranking titles in the overall list behind Stephen Hendry's record of 36. Fu secured his ninth victory in 15 career meetings and clinched his second ranking title in Scotland, with his first win at the Grand Prix in Aberdeen in 2007. He achieved his 11th century of the week to reach 3-1 and made runs of 89, 59, 59, and 60 in the second session. Saying, "I thought it was going to be 9-1 or 9-2 the way John started the match," the world number 14 collected a winning cheque for £70,000 and was presented with the inaugural Stephen Hendry Trophy by the seven-time world champion himself. "In a short spell I think I kind of dragged John down to my standard a little bit, and those three frames from 4-1 to get to 4-4 were very crucial." "I was feeling over the moon after the first session, and tonight I played much better match snooker. "I just can't believe I am the champion. In the first part of the season I was really struggling but I somehow found some form at the UK Championship [where he reached the semi-finals] and now I have won 15 out of 16 matches. It is probably the best win of my career. ".
The body of a 59-year-old man was found at a house in Tweedholm Avenue East in Walkerburn at about 15:10 on Friday. Police inquiries into the death are ongoing, with a spokeswoman mentioning that a post-mortem examination is scheduled to be conducted.
He told BBC Radio 5 live that having a flexible currency was "extremely important" to cope with shocks. "In the shape of the referendum, we've had exactly one of those shocks," he said, but added the Bank would not intervene to boost the pound's value. Sterling has fallen nearly 20% against the dollar since the referendum. On Monday it was trading at below $1. 22 and â‚¬1. 11, having fallen more than 5% in October on concerns about the economic impact of the UK leaving the European Union. Investors also continued to sell off UK government bonds - sending the yield to 1. 2%, the highest level since the Brexit vote - partly because of the weaker pound. Mr Broadbent, one of three deputy governors at the Bank, said: "Having a flexible currency is an extremely important thing especially in an environment when your economy faces a shock that is different to your trading partners". Allowing the pound to react "is a very important shock absorber". Mark Carney, the Bank governor, stated on Friday that the weakening of sterling would lead to higher prices, a conclusion that has been confirmed in a report from the think tank EY Item Club. Economists are expecting a 0 increase in prices in the most recent inflation data to be published on Tuesday. 9% in the year to September. Mr Broadbent said it was "likely" that inflation would rise above the Bank's 2% target in the next couple of years. Tesco's dispute with Unilever last week over the rising price of Marmite illustrates how a weak pound could push up inflation, he said. Mr Broadbent, a Marmite fan who said he "loves" the stuff, said the rising cost of foreign holidays would also contribute to inflation. However, he warned that controlling prices with tighter monetary policy could hit growth and jobs. Raising interest rates to meet the Bank's inflation target could lead to "undesirable consequences" such as lower growth and higher unemployment, he said. It's a "trade off", he added. The deputy governor spoke to the BBC after a forum with university and A-level students in Derby where he explained what the Bank does. At the moment "we don't really teach" financial education, he told the BBC. To help people understand the issues better, schools should teach about debt, the banking system and financial decision-making, he said.
The Canaries went through their pre-season programme unbeaten, drawing 1-1 with Brighton in their final friendly. Starting their Championship season under new head coach Daniel Farke at Fulham on Saturday, they emphasize the importance of being able to adapt within the system and being ready for a change of structure, as Watkins told BBC Radio Norfolk. The 26-year-old former Barnsley forward scored Norwich's goal against Brighton and is convinced the move to Carrow Road, and working under Farke, will improve him as a player. Learning new things and evolving has been my focus, which can only benefit your game, making it really exciting. He is quite demanding, but that's what you want - you don't want to slack off. You want to aim as high as possible," Watkins added. Last season, Norwich finished eighth, 10 points outside the play-offs, and manager Alex Neil was sacked in March. Alex Pritchard and Timm Klose will miss the opener at Craven Cottage, while Josh Murphy was rested against Brighton due to a muscle strain. However, Farke is optimistic that midfielder Wes Hoolahan and defender Ivo Pinto will be able to resume training this week. Farke said changes in personnel had meant that getting to know each other had been a key part of their summer build-up, but he was now relishing the challenge of competitive football in his first season in England. "It was a big change for the club, new sporting director, new manager, new staff, many new players. It was not so easy for all the new guys to get together but in just five weeks they have created a great togetherness," the German said. "When you are in the football business, and are a football manager, you want to be in competition and to fight for points and to be there in the really important games. We hade a very good pre-season and but now we are looking forward to the first game. ".
Google, which owns YouTube, has been renegotiating contracts as it prepares to launch a music subscription service. A spokesperson for the indie labels said YouTube was making a "grave error of commercial judgment". YouTube said it was bringing "new revenue streams" to the music industry. Speaking to the Financial Times, Robert Kyncl, YouTube's head of content and business operations, said videos from independents could be blocked "in a matter of days," if new licenses are not negotiated. The three major record labels - Universal, Sony and Warner - have all agreed terms with the site, but smaller independents are holding out. Being offered "highly unfavourable terms" is what some independents claim. Google was accused by Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien of attempting to "strong-arm" labels into accepting low fees. Alison Wenham, who runs the Worldwide Independent Network , which represents the independent music community said YouTube is "making a grave error of commercial judgment in misreading the market". "We have tried and will continue to try to help YouTube understand just how important independent music is to any streaming service and why it should be valued accordingly," she added. "By not giving their subscribers access to independent music YouTube is setting itself up for failure. The lack of respect and understanding shown by YouTube disappoints the vast majority of independent labels around the world. " BPI, the organisation which represents British record companies - including the three major labels - said it was wrong for YouTube, the dominant online video platform, to "threaten to ostracise certain independents" Chief executive Geoff Taylor said the move would end up "denying fans the opportunity to hear their music, and labels and artists the chance to earn a living from it - because they are unwilling to surrender to a take it or leave it ultimatum. " Impala, a body which represents the labels -  including XL Recordings, 4AD, Cooking Vinyl and Domino - has appealed to the European Commission for help with its battle against YouTube. The BBC understands that even if blocks do go ahead, content from artists signed to independent labels will remain available on YouTube via channels such as Vevo. Videos which are exclusively licensed by independent record labels, such as acoustic sets or live performances, may be taken down. A YouTube spokesman told the BBC: "Our goal is to continue making YouTube an amazing music experience, both as a global platform for fans and artists to connect, and as a revenue source for the music industry. "We're adding subscription-based features for music on YouTube with this in mind - to bring our music partners new revenue streams in addition to the hundreds of millions of dollars YouTube already generates for them each year. Partnering with us, we are excited that hundreds of major and independent labels are already.
The deadline is contained in the Community Charge Debt bill to stop local authorities pursuing arrears. An increase in numbers of people registering to vote was seen as a result of the independence referendum. Identified using expanded electoral rolls were those who had debts. Local authorities, the Scottish government said, would be compensated. The poll tax, or community charge, was abolished more than 20 years ago in 1993 after only four years in operation in Scotland. Introduced by the Conservative Thatcher government in Scotland in 1989 before the rest of the country, the unpopular poll tax, which replaced the rates system, sparked protests on the streets. The amount of poll tax arrears collected by local authorities across Scotland has fallen in recent years to less than Â£350,000 in 2013-14. Some local authorities have ceased recovery of debts altogether. Deputy First Minister John Swinney stated that the poll tax, a despised levy that brought hardship to hard-working communities throughout Scotland, was widely discredited as an unfeasible tax and opposed by all sectors of Scottish society. Therefore, it is absolutely right that, during a time of unprecedented democratic engagement in Scotland, we pass legislation to ensure that people are not discouraged from registering to vote due to concerns about being pursued for debts from decades ago. " Mr Swinney said the legislation would mean that collections would cease and the poll tax would be "consigned to history for once and for all". He added: "And while it is not contained as part of the bill, the Scottish government has committed to covering the cost of debts that councils would have expected to recover in the lifetime of existing recovery arrangements. ".
Shares in Bouygues jumped more than 13% in Paris trading after the bid was announced. A deal between the two would create France's largest mobile phone operator. Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron has already expressed concerns, stating that further consolidation in the sector was "currently undesirable". "Now is not the time for opportunistic tie-ups which may be of interest to some people but which are not in the public interest," he added. The board of Bouygues is expected to meet on Tuesday to discuss the offer, following reports that Jobs, investment, and better customer service are the priorities. Altice, the parent company of Numericable owned by billionaire Patrick Drahi, outbid Bouygues to acquire rival SFR last year.
Two competing forces are clashing. First, the intelligence community's credibility, which has been called into question by President-elect Donald Trump. And second, the legitimacy of Mr Trump's presidency, called into question by the intelligence community's conclusion that the Kremlin sought to support his election. Neither side is likely to back off and both may come out damaged. Relations between political leaders and intelligence officials have always had their ups and downs. In the late 1970s, after a series of Congressional committees raised fears of the CIA having got out of control, President Carter brought in a new director, Stansfield Turner, who cleared out the agency of many of its staff leading to much unhappiness. CIA Director James Woolsey did not so much have a bad relationship as no relationship at all with Bill Clinton, to the extent that when a small aircraft crashed on the White House lawn, the joke was that it was Mr Woolsey trying to get a meeting with the president. Under George W Bush, there was real tension, especially in the aftermath of the intelligence community's failure over Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and on briefings about the future of Iraq. President Bush appointed Republican Congressman Porter Goss to try and align the agency more closely with the White House. But the result was a disastrous falling out between Mr Goss's senior staff and top officials at the CIA. Goss only lasted a year. It is a precedent that incoming CIA Director - another Republic Congressman, Mike Pompeo - will only be too aware of as he prepares to take the helm. One thing that has been notable is that since his nomination he has offered very little public comment. Officials close to the CIA have suggested that they are less worried about his nomination compared to other officials like incoming National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Reports indicate that he harbors animosity towards the CIA and the Directorate of National Intelligence, which has an overarching role, following his time running the Defence Intelligence Agency. There are reports that the Trump team may also push through reforms of the intelligence community - which might be seen by some insiders as a veiled threat. This could aim to reduce the role of Director of National Intelligence and could also push the CIA towards a different operational stance. The CIA has just undergone a major re-organisation under John Brennan. In an  interview in November, Mr Brennan told me he would be highlighting to his successor the importance of modernisation and also ensuring the most diverse possible workforce. He also confessed that while he was hopeful he would get the chance to advise the incoming team on how to best employ the range of covert capabilities that the CIA has its disposal - which include drone strikes - he did not know how far the new team would take that advice on board. Staff at the agencies will be wondering what policies they will be expected to carry out. Donald Trump talked of a return to waterboarding during the campaign. The legacy of the use of such techniques during the Bush years continues to be highly sensitive within the agency with battles in the Obama administration over how far to distance itself from the agency's past. The NSA, which has also undergone a bruising internal reform process, may also be worried. After the trauma of the Snowden revelations and the subsequent emphasis on not being a 'rogue agency', and on compliance, there may now be concerns over whether a new president may deploy its powerful capabilities in a way which might, if it became public, be highly controversial. The intelligence community has historically gone through cycles in which first a president pushes for controversial covert action, be it assassination plots, domestic intelligence collection or waterboarding. But then after it is revealed, there is a swing of the pendulum the other way by a new administration, often leaving officers feeling exposed for past actions. They may be wondering whether the pendulum is about to swing again. But in the Trump era they also may be wondering whether something different is about to happen. When weapons of mass destruction were not found in Iraq, spies and politicians in London and Washington engaged in an uneasy truce. Both sides realised they had been complicit in the presentation of intelligence to the public which proved wrong and that if they turned on each other in a blame game, it would be bloody, vicious and self-destructive. But in this current stand-off, the situation is different, not least because we are at a moment of transition and the current intelligence officials are on their way out and may feel they have little to lose by speaking out. Donald Trump also plays by different rules. But the result is that if a public spat continues and even escalates, both the intelligence community and the incoming political leadership could emerge damaged. And the only people who will be smiling will be America's adversaries.
Germany's biggest bank said it would cut 9,000 full-time jobs and 6,000 contractor roles. John Cryan, co-chief executive, said that by 2018, the benefits of their hard work and potentially being in the midst of a powerful turn-around are expected, with plans to sell businesses employing 20,000 people over the next two years. The cuts represent just less than 15% of the firm's total workforce. The bank's shares fell 5. 5% in Frankfurt trading. Deutsche is trying to cut €3. 8bn of annual costs as European banks struggle with sluggish economic growth in their home markets and stricter regulation. In times of low growth, reducing costs through job cuts is seen as a way to improve profits. Postbank will be spun off with a stock market listing by the bank, and its 20% stake in China's Hua Xia Bank will be sold. Additionally, dividend payments for 2015 and 2016 will be halted as announced by the bank. Mr Cryan told a news conference that the bank faced "hard decisions" as it was restructured. "We must reduce Deutsche Bank's complexity," he added. The bank said it would close businesses in Malta, Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Finland, Peru, Uruguay, Denmark, Norway, and New Zealand. Some branches in Germany would close as well, Mr Cryan said. The third-quarter loss was caused by more than €5. 8bn of charges in writedowns and legal expenses at its investment bank and on assets it wants to sell, as well as higher litigation charges. Of the 9,000 full-time job cuts, about 4,000 will take place in Germany. The lender employed 98,000 people as of the end of last year, according to its annual report.
Afrah Shawqi al-Qaisi was taken from her home in the Saidiya district of the capital, Baghdad, on Monday night by men claiming to be security personnel. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has ordered security forces to "exert the utmost effort" to save her. On Monday, Ms Qaisi wrote an article in which she expressed anger that armed groups could act with impunity. The article, published by the Aklaam website, criticised an interior ministry officer who she said had assaulted the principal of a school in the southern city of Nasiriya for refusing to punish a pupil who had quarrelled with his daughter. "There is nothing worse in a country than humiliating a teacher; nothing is worse than neglect by those who carry weapons," Ms Qaisi wrote. "If the state is anxious to preserve its prestige, it should hold accountable whoever uses weapons illicitly. Working for the London-based pan-Arab newspaper Asharq al-Awsat and a number of other local news websites, Ms Qaisi, 43, is also an employee of the Iraqi culture ministry. Active in the field of human rights, she has participated in recent protests against government corruption. Ziyad al-Ajeeli, the head of the Journalistic Freedoms Observatory based in Baghdad, reported that eight armed men showed up at Ms Qaisi's residence around 22:00 (19:00 GMT) on Monday, claiming to be security forces members. Following the incident, Ms Qaisi's 16-year-old son was tied up, her brother-in-law was assaulted, and her car, gold, money, mobile phones, and computers were stolen before she was taken to an undisclosed location by the gunmen, Mr Ajeeli added. A security source informed the BBC that the gunmen, dressed in civilian clothes, had driven unmarked pick-up trucks with no licence plates. The governor of Baghdad, Ali Tamimi, denounced what he described as a "barbaric" act that sought to "persecute and muzzle journalists". Iraq is considered one of the most dangerous countries to be a journalist. Seven were killed in the country in 2016, according to Reporters Without Borders.
It follows an inquest in June into the death of David Knight, who took his own life when on home leave in St Austell while being treated in Somerset. Dr Emma Carlyon has warned of future deaths unless the sending of vulnerable patients miles from home ends. NHS England said it was considering the report's recommendations. The inquest jury attributed Mr Knight's suicide to insufficient risk assessment and support during his time off from a private mental health unit in Weston Super Mare, Cygnet Hospital Kewstoke. Mr Knight, who was being treated for paranoid schizophrenia at Cygnet Hospital because there were no acute psychiatric inpatient beds available in Cornwall, passed away in May 2015 from multiple injuries after being struck by a train on a viaduct near St Austell. The jury also found his significant cannabis use and repeated failure to engage with Cornwall's mental health services since 2007 contributed to his death. Ms Carlyon has called on Mr Hunt in her report to "review the provision of mental health beds in Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly to avoid the continual routine requirement for 'out of county' placements". She added: "I considered that you should be a aware of the matter raised at inquest with a view to preventing future deaths. "At this difficult time, our heart goes out to the family," said an NHS England spokesperson. "We expect all local health systems to end the practice of sending patients far away from home for treatment by 2021 at the latest, and anticipate significant progress on this over the coming year." ".
The Airbus A321, operated by the Russian airline Kogalymavia, took off from Sharm el-Sheikh airport at 05:58 (03:58 GMT) on 31 October. At 06:14 Egyptian time (04:14 GMT), the plane failed to make scheduled contact with air traffic control based in Larnaca, Cyprus. The plane disappeared from radar screens six minutes later while flying over central Sinai. Egyptian authorities said no SOS calls were received by air traffic controllers. Russia's Interfax news agency cited a source in Cairo as saying "uncharacteristic" sounds were picked up by the cockpit voice recorder before the plane disappeared from radar screens. "The recordings suggest that an emergency situation occurred on board unexpectedly and took the crew by surprise," the source said. Data released by the flight tracking website Flightradar24 showed that just before the radar signal was lost, the aircraft reached an altitude of more than 33,000ft (10,060m), then started to descend with a vertical speed of about 6,000ft a minute. The plane's forward speed meanwhile dropped to around 170km/h (105mph), slower than the speed necessary to continue safe flight. Egyptian military aircraft subsequently located the wreckage of the plane in the Hasana area, 95km (59 miles) south of the Mediterranean coastal town of el-Arish. Russian officials said the wreckage was scattered across a 20 sq km (7. 7-sq mile) area, meaning that the plane broke up in mid-air before falling to earth. Russia said on 17 November that a "terror act" was responsible for the crash and that "traces of foreign explosives" were found on debris of the Airbus. UK security service investigators say they suspect someone with access to the aircraft's baggage compartment inserted an explosive device inside or on top of the luggage just before the plane took off. A US official told AP on 4 November that US intelligence agencies also had preliminary evidence that suggested a bomb planted by the local affiliate of the jihadist group Islamic State (IS) brought down the plane. Militants from that affiliate, known as Sinai Province, said they brought down the plane shortly after it crashed, with a spokesman claiming this was "in response to Russian air strikes that killed hundreds of Muslims on Syrian land". But he did not provide evidence, asserting: "We are not obliged to disclose the mechanism of its demise. " Egyptian officials have said it is too early to draw conclusions on the cause. Part of the investigation involves the recovery of both of the plane's "black boxes". Four theories on the Sinai plane crash: Could Flight 9268 have been bombed by Islamic State? Egypt, with the assistance of Russian and other international experts, is leading the investigation. Air accident investigators from France - home of Airbus, which manufactured the plane - are also involved. As the plane was registered in Ireland - the home of the company that leased the aircraft to Kogalymavia - a team of Irish investigators have also travelled to Egypt. German experts are also involved because the plane was assembled in Germany in 1997, and its flight recorders were made there. The plane was carrying 224 people in total, including 219 Russian citizens, four Ukrainians and one Belarus national. Of the 217 passengers, 17 were children. Most of the passengers were tourists. Many of the victims were members of the same families. A large number of them shared the same last name, and it appears that in some cases three generations of the same family perished in what is believed to be the worst air disaster involving a Russian plane. Sinai plane crash: The victims The twin-engine A321 has a range of up to 7,400km (4,000 nautical miles). It can accommodate up to 220 passengers. The plane which crashed was 18 years old, making it one of the oldest A321s in service. It had flown for 56,000 hours over nearly 21,000 flights, according to Airbus. It was produced in May 1997 and delivered to the Lebanese carrier Middle East Airlines. Leased in 2012 to Kogalymavia, an airline based in western Siberia that also operates under the name Metrojet, the plane changed hands eight times before. Registered in Ireland, the plane was leased to Kogalymavia by Willmington Trust SP Services (Dublin) Ltd. According to the Irish Aviation Authority (IAA), it passed an annual airworthiness certificate in March 2015. However, the plane had been damaged in 2001, when it was operated by Middle East Airlines, suffering a tail strike on a Cairo runway. Kogalymavia has said that the damage was fully repaired and would not have affected the plane. The plane's engines had also been checked on 26 October, Kogalymavia said, and it underwent a major maintenance inspection and overhaul in Turkey in March 2014. The A321 has a generally good safety record. According to a study by aircraft manufacturer Boeing of crashes between 1959 and 2014, there were 22 incidents in which a plane from the A321 family was damaged beyond repair - known in the industry as a "hull loss".
The powerful centre recorded her double in the opening 28 minutes to underline the superiority of England's start. Wales rallied as Alisha Butchers pounced on a charge down and Robyn Wilkins intercepted for another try. But Amber Reed kicked 10 points to maintain England's quest for a first Six Nations title since 2012. England will travel to France, who lost 10-8 to Wales last month, for their final match on Friday evening in Vannes, eyeing both the title and the Grand Slam. "At times we made it a little bit tricky for ourselves but the character of this group continues to show, they keep evolving," England coach Scott Bernard said Have you added the new Top Story alerts in the BBC Sport app? Simply head to the menu in the app - and don't forget you can also add alerts for the Six Nations, cricket scores, your football team and more.
And yet somehow the Suzuka weekend was all about the German's Mercedes team-mate, who provided drama both on and off the circuit. As Rosberg dominated the competitive action, Lewis Hamilton made headlines for the wrong reasons. On track, he looked out of sorts for much of practice. And although he came oh so close to beating Rosberg to pole position, another bad start led to a difficult race and a third place that takes the title race out of his control. Rosberg will not approach it this way, but all the German needs to do now is finish second to Briton Hamilton in the four remaining races and a first world title will be his. They say that an elite sportsman should clear his mind of unnecessary distractions - Sir Jackie Stewart calls it mind-management. Hamilton, though, was not taking that approach in Japan. There have been questions about how Hamilton handled the Singapore weekend where he was dominated by Rosberg two races ago, with it leaking out that he was "not really on it" there. But according to insiders at Mercedes, there was no questioning his commitment to the task in terms of his work in private with the team in these past two races in Malaysia and Japan. In public, though, things did not go so well at Suzuka. Hamilton was, to put it politely, disengaged from his primary responsibilities in the official pre-race news conference on Thursday. Rather than answer questions about his remarks following his retirement with engine failure in Malaysia, he referred questioners to his social media outlets, where he had posted messages in support of his Mercedes team. While other drivers answered questions, Hamilton spent considerable time on his smartphone. It soon emerged he was posting on the social network Snapchat pictures of himself and fellow driver Carlos Sainz with bunny ears and rabbit faces. Hamilton said he found this "quite funny". Some will agree; others won't. The way of humor is such. In terms of his general detachment during the news conference, some journalists felt it inappropriate and wrong; others were not bothered. Again, such is the way of things. Afterwards, though, a respected journalist went down to the Mercedes area to tell Hamilton he thought he should not have behaved in such a manner. Later, Hamilton posted two messages on Twitter. "Today was meant to be fun," he said, "not at all disrespectful. Some people take themselves too seriously. I had a blast, highlight of my day! "Re press conference, it's been the same for 10 years. It's not the media or mediator, it's the format. Fans should be asking the questions!" Inevitably, Hamilton's behaviour was highlighted more on some media outlets than others. None of the reports went particularly hard on him, in the way they sometimes can. But he seemed to take offence at some of them and on Saturday he made his feelings clear. At his post-qualifying news conference in the Mercedes motorhome, he sat down, tapping his fingers on the small table in front of him. He was smiling. The journalists were smiling back. So was the Mercedes communications boss. Hamilton turned to his colleague: "You're not going to be smiling in a minute. Then he addressed the media: "I'm not here to answer your questions, I've decided. "With the utmost respect, there are many of you here who are super-supportive of me and they hopefully know I know who they are. There are others, unfortunately, that often take advantage of certain things. "The other day was a super light-hearted thing, and if I was disrespectful to any of you guys, or if you felt I was disrespectful, it was honestly not the intention. It was just a little bit of fun. But what was more disrespectful was what was then written worldwide. "Unfortunately, there are some people here who it is not them who has done it. And unfortunately the decision I will take affects those who have been super-supportive, so that is why I am saying with the utmost respect. "But I don't really plan on sitting here many more times for these kind of things so my apologies and I hope you guys enjoy the rest of your weekend. " And with that, he walked out. On race morning, I went down to Mercedes to ask team boss Toto Wolff what he made of the events of the weekend. "Let him do his talking on the track," Wolff said. "His performance in the car justifies some collateral damage. " Wolff is an approachable and likeable man with an easy manner and a strong sense of humour, and he was genuinely relaxed about the situation. After the race, he sat down in his own news conference as a couple of journalists were sharing a joke about an unrelated matter. "You are laughing now," Wolff joked, in obvious reference to Hamilton's remarks the previous day, "but you won't be laughing later. " Be in no doubt, though, that Wolff's charm is allied to a streak of steel. In the nicest possible way, he made it clear that he would be sitting down with Hamilton before the next race in Austin, USA. It is unlikely their chat will be confined to building Hamilton back up again after the disappointments of an engine failure in Malaysia and a defeat by Rosberg in Japan left him 33 points adrift in the championship and needing some kind of major problem to befall the German to get back into the fight. Later, Wolff made a particularly perceptive observation: "Lewis is very strong. He needs the enemy. Sometimes more than one. That's how he functions. " Hamilton is not the first F1 driver to do so, but why he needs to make his enemy the media is not clear. The same can be said for his apparent lack of understanding - after 10 years in F1 - of the fact that it is not the media's job to support him. They are there to report what happens objectively and fairly. The suggestion from some who should know is that Hamilton's actions on Saturday were a reaction to the pressure of the weekend - the combination of his irritation at some of the coverage with the fact he had been out-qualified by Rosberg at a race at which Hamilton badly needed to beat his team-mate. There is no doubt that his behaviour has put Mercedes in an uncomfortable situation. They cannot afford to have their major star at loggerheads with the media, especially over what is essentially a storm in a teacup, and it is hard to imagine they will let the tension linger for too long. For all his wealth and star status, Hamilton needs his team and has an obligation to them. As a result, it would be a surprise if the situation was not resolved sooner rather than later. How exactly that will happen, though, is another matter. As F1 is reaching the crucial part of this season, the configuration of the upcoming one is starting to take form. The line-ups of the majority of the major teams have been finalized, however, there are still uncertainties, notably surrounding Renault. While there is no official word, several sources said in Japan that Nico Hulkenberg would next year join the French team from Force India. Renault is keen to have an established and proven quantity to lead their team as they enter what will effectively be the first real season of their new venture, this one being very much a transition year after their late takeover of Lotus last winter. Hulkenberg has a contract for 2017 with Force India, who are far more competitive at the moment than his likely destination. But he has been tempted by a multi-year contract on serious money with a factory team and is expected to make the move, and the word from inside Force India is they will not stand in his way. Meanwhile, it is looking increasingly as if Jenson Button's announcement last month that he would not be racing next year is in fact retirement by another name. That impression was already building as a result of an inconsistency of the message coming from Button, the odd slip in some of his answers making him sound less likely to be involved on any significant level next season. In Malaysia, he said it was "quite possible" he would never race in F1 again. In Japan, two sources told BBC Sport over the weekend that it was indeed the case he was effectively retiring. It is a fact that McLaren have a contractual option for Button to race in 2018, but the chances of them taking that up seem at this stage to be almost zero. Of course, it's possible that Button's replacement Stoffel Vandoorne will struggle - although it would be a major surprise given how impressive he was on his debut in Bahrain this year. And even if Fernando Alonso decides to call it a day at the end of next year, Sebastian Vettel will be on the market. The German's honeymoon at Ferrari is well and truly over and even though a new contract is on the table, it is far from clear it will be signed. The best evidence is that Button is heading into the final four races of an illustrious career. For his sake, one has to hope they go better than the dire performance the entire McLaren team showed at engine supplier Honda's home race.
They will join fans from the Republic of Ireland in receiving the Medal of the City of Paris. The city's mayor, Anne Hidalgo, said she wanted to mark the fans' "exemplary sportsmanship". Both sets of supporters, she said, had shown "enthusiasm, jolliness and fair play". The 'Grand Vermeil' is considered Paris's most prestigious honor and has been given to Nobel Prize in literature winner, Toni Morrison, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, and jazz pianist Herbie Hancock. The festive atmosphere in Paris over the weeks was participated in and contributed to by the Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland fans, as stated by Ms Hidalgo. They were described as "a model for all the supporters of the world". No date has yet been set for the awarding of the medal.
Inside their apartment, south of Gaza City, the children of the Abu Shaban family are studying for their end-of-year exams by candlelight. "We have no electricity when we teach our children," says Suniya, their mother. She adds that the children are worried about the candles a lot, as this problem will affect their grades. "We know they're dangerous but we can't afford batteries for lights or back-up power. " "The refrigerator and most of our electrical appliances have burnt out because the power comes and goes so much. We're constantly chasing after electricity. " Gaza has long struggled with an energy shortage, but recently the situation has got much worse. Mains electricity is switched off for 16 to 20 hours a day. Behind the crisis is an escalating political power struggle between the Islamist group, Hamas, and the Palestinian Authority (PA), dominated by the rival Fatah movement. Hamas seized control of Gaza almost a decade ago - a year after it won legislative elections - ousting forces loyal to President Mahmoud Abbas. So far, all attempts at reconciliation have failed. Now, Mr Abbas's West Bank-based government appears to be piling on financial pressure as it tries to reassert its authority over the Strip. More than 60,000 civil servants in the impoverished territory have had their salaries cut by a third, a step blamed on decreasing foreign aid. The PA shut down Gaza's only power plant last month after scrapping a tax exemption, leading to more than doubling the price of the fuel it runs on. Producing about 60MW of power a day, the plant had been generating approximately 30% of the usual energy. The PA now states that it will no longer accept any invoices for an extra 125MW of electricity provided by Israel. Its latest moves come amid fresh efforts by the United States to revive the moribund Middle East peace process. President Donald Trump is expected to visit Israel and the West Bank next week. The US, European Union and Israel, among others, consider Hamas a terrorist group. Israel and Egypt tightened a blockade of Gaza after the Hamas takeover in 2007. "The Americans and mainly the Israelis have been accusing President Abbas of being weak, [saying] he has no control over the Gaza Strip and is therefore no partner for peace," says Mkhaimar Abusada, a political science professor at al-Azhar University - Gaza. "He wants to restore his power over Gaza, to be taken more seriously. " The lack of energy is forcing hospitals here to cancel non-emergency surgeries. The United Nations has donated some fuel for generators. It is also helping desalination plants to continue running, but at just 15% of their capacity. The reductions mean water supplies are reduced. Wastewater in Gaza is not being treated properly and pumped out to sea. That means some raw sewage is being discharged just off the coast. "The UN can only alleviate some of the humanitarian suffering of those who are most vulnerable," says the UN Special Co-ordinator for the Middle East Peace Process, Nikolay Mladenov. "We cannot foot the bill for the electricity in Gaza. " Mr Mladenov warns the "very grave" situation could become "catastrophic" if power from Israel is stopped. A spokesperson for Cogat, Israel's military co-ordinator for civilian activities in the Palestinian Territories, says: "In the absence of the PA, payments for electricity in Gaza can be made through the international community or private entities. " The payments amounts to $11. 1m (Â£8. 6m) a month. The Strip gets some power from Egypt but supplies are often disrupted because of unrest in the Sinai peninsula. Previously, Qatar and Turkey, both major donors to Gaza, have given diesel. Mr Mladenov says he is working hard to pass on the message to "all sides" that a political settlement is needed. "The only reasonable political solution is in fact, to work on returning Gaza to the legitimate Palestinian Authority, the government," he adds. President Abbas wants Hamas to dissolve a committee it recently set up to manage affairs in Gaza. He is pushing for the PA to take control of border crossings and government offices and help set up a unity administration that can prepare for new elections. Meanwhile, Hamas rejects Mr Abbas's efforts to take greater control of Gaza. Damaging rivalry between the main Palestinian factions looks set to remain a potential stumbling block for peace efforts. Many of Gaza's almost two million residents are hoping for a short-term solution. They point out that the holy month of Ramadan is approaching, when observant Muslims fast from dawn until sunset. Seasonal temperatures are also rising. But for now they are being left in the dark over what happens next.
In the South West region, 23,000 votes went to a new Eurosceptic party called An Independence From Europe. The group was formed earlier this year by former UKIP members including ex-MEP Mike Nattrass. Protesting to the Electoral Commission at the time, UKIP has not ruled out seeking a judicial review. Mr Nattrass, who was deselected by UKIP in 2013, previously defended his choice of name for the party, stating: "UKIP does not have sole right to the word independence. " " The new party, whose name appeared first on the alphabetical-order ballot paper, put up a full slate of candidates and came seventh with 235,124 votes, or 1. Although it got no MEPs elected, it surpassed more established parties such as the BNP and the English Democrats by achieving 5% of the total cast. A spokesman for the Electoral Commission said in April the watchdog did not believe that either the name of Mr Nattrass's party, or its description, were confusing or offensive - which are the key legal tests political parties have been made to pass before they can compete in elections since a change to the law in 1998. At least two other UKIP defectors failed to get elected - Marta Andreasen in the South East region, standing as a Conservative and Nikki Sinclaire in the West Midlands, standing for the We Demand A Referendum party.
L/Cpl Trimaan "Harry" Dhillon denies murdering 24-year-old Alice Ruggles at her flat in Gateshead in October. The jury was shown CCTV footage of him accosting Eniko Nemeth after she ended their relationship, in which he called her a bitch and spat in her face. Police were called and he was later given a year-long restraining order. Prosecutor Richard Wright QC said the 26-year-old signaller confronted Ms Nemeth in a street in Faversham, Kent, demanding to know why the relationship had ended. He said: "She warned him she would call the police but he continued to block her path, he appeared worked up and tense. "She was joined by a male friend and he said 'is this who you are sleeping with? I cannot believe you would leave me for this. Why did you take my girlfriend away?'" Police were called and he was charged with common assault, but the case was discontinued after he accepted a restraining order. The trial had previously heard that Mr Dhillon - a serving soldier with the 2 Scots, who lived in barracks outside Edinburgh - had been given official warnings by police and the Army to stay away from Ms Ruggles. At the beginning of his defense, he informed the jury that he had been "acting immaturely" when he received the restraining order against Ms. Nemeth. He stated that his relationship with Ms. Ruggles had begun on Facebook while he was deployed in Afghanistan. When questioned by defense QC Jamie Hill, he recounted, "She brought up marriage, showing me a ring with a blue gem and asking if I liked it." He alleged that she was insecure, accusing him of looking at other women and insisting that he delete girls he had previously dated from Facebook friends. The trial continues.
Emergency services were called at about 18:00 GMT on Wednesday after reports he had become cut off by the tide near Portmeirion. Before retiring to the Ship Aground, he "rescued himself" according to a Holyhead Coastguard spokeswoman, despite the launch of the Criccieth lifeboat and a Caernarfon coastguard helicopter being called in. The pub, in Talsarnau, is on the other side of the Dwyryd estuary from where he was believed to be missing from.
Brengle, ranked nine places higher than Broady at 71 in the world, won 6-2 6-0 in 52 minutes. Reaching a career-high 76 in the rankings last month after her first WTA semi-final appearance in Kuala Lumpur, the 26-year-old from Stockport, Broady served broken five times and did not earn a single break point. Never want to miss the latest tennis news? You can now add this sport and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home.
It is the first time a Swedish commoner has become a princess of Sweden in centuries. "It's a real Cinderella story," says royal expert Roger Lundgren. But like the fairytale, this royal love story has not always run smoothly. News of the couple's relationship in 2010 caused quite a stir. The prince's new girlfriend was known for appearing in the popular Swedish reality show Paradise Hotel in 2005, which saw young, scantily-clad singles compete to stay in a luxury hotel the longest. She had also posed topless with a boa constrictor for the men's magazine Slitz. And her tattoos and belly button piercing raised some eyebrows, with reports that the royal palace may have asked her to have them removed ahead of the weekend's wedding. "When Carl Philip and Sofia first met I think that many people were critical to her, because of her background and the fact that she had done those bikini-shots and had been part of a reality show," says Johanna Lejon, royals reporter for the newspaper Svensk Damtidning. Meanwhile Catarina Hurtig, the journalist who first broke the news of the couple's relationship, says: "At first there was quite a lot of fuss about her. "Perhaps it was quite normal [behaviour] for a Swedish teenager, but maybe not a very appropriate history when falling in love with the prince. " But both experts say that attitudes towards her have changed over the years. "Sofia has shown. that she is not in this relationship for fortune and fame," says Johanna Lejon. Ms Hellqvist, 30, herself has said she does not regret anything about her past, although she would not make all the same decisions again. Meanwhile, the royal palace has set about highlighting her other achievements. We now know that after her stint on Paradise Hotel, Ms Hellqvist spent time in New York where she studied accounting and became a yoga instructor, helping to set up a yoga centre. In 2009, she worked as a volunteer in Ghana, and the next year she co-founded the organisation Project Playground, which helps vulnerable children and young people in South Africa. The previous focus on the raunchier elements of her past caused a "big problem" for the royal house, says Catarina Hurtig. So the palace turned its attention on transforming her image, she says. "Her charitable work has been great for the royal house to focus on. " A team of stylists also helped prepare her for her new life, replacing the fake tan with classic outfits and swept-back hairstyles. Taking inspiration from Prince Carl Philip's mother, Queen Silvia, Catarina Hurtig mentions that the queen, who was born in Germany and does not have blue blood, has become popular among the Swedish public. It may be down to King Carl XVI Gustaf's own choice of spouse that Prince Carl Philip - who is third in line to the throne - has been able to wed whom he wants. The prince, 36, must get permission from the king to marry a commoner, and his great uncles lost their royal titles and succession rights when they went ahead with a wedding without it. King Carl XVI Gustaf has given each of his three children, who have got married within five years of each other, his blessing. Carl Philip's elder sister, Crown Princess Victoria - the next in line to the throne - married her personal trainer, Daniel Westling, in Stockholm in 2010. And Princess Madeleine married US-British businessman Christopher O'Neill in 2013. Read more Roger Lundgren, royal expert and editor of Kungliga Magazine, says that like in the UK, the younger royals have taken the spotlight from older members in recent years. And the glamorous couples will no doubt attract the cameras yet again this weekend. Ms Hellqvist's past career choices are "not a problem" for the liberal Swedish public, Roger Lundgren says, and her experience with the media may well help her in her new role. Meanwhile Catarina Hurtig says Ms Hellqvist has also helped her future husband to be more comfortable with publicity. The new princess is expected to devote most of her time fulfilling her royal duties once married, and many hope she will be a role model for future generations. "The royals have a lot of money and a lot of help with everything from cleaning their castles to taking care of babies, so they should be doing good things in the world and their country," says Catarina Hurtig. Opinion polls have shown the Swedish royal family's popularity waning in recent years, particularly following a scandal in 2010 over claims the king had visited strip clubs. But with as many as half a million people expected to line the streets of Stockholm on Saturday, the monarchy is still popular among many. Fans say Ms Hellqvist - along with her story - has played a big part in this, arguing that she has changed the way people in Sweden view them. "She is a small town girl and comes from a normal background, just like any of us," says Johanna Lejon. "The fact that she is now becoming a member of the royal family says a lot about the Swedish king and the queen. They seem, and are, very open to change. ".
In his first full news conference, he insisted the package would not breach European Union budget deficit limits. Mr Renzi said income tax would be reduced by a total of 10bn euros ($14 bn; £8bn) annually for 10m low and middle income workers from 1 May. The 39-year-old said his agenda was the most ambitious Italy had ever seen. By Alan Johnston BBC News, Italy The press conference was classic Matteo Renzi. Despite the high seriousness of the subject at hand, he was entirely relaxed - fast, fluent and joking. He was in his element. As always making the answers to Italy's problems seem obvious and easy. And perhaps this whirlwind of a young politician really will, as he promises, "change the nation" in just a hundred days. But there always seems to be a certain lack of detail in Mr Renzi's pronouncements. And nagging questions about how everything will be paid for. Large numbers of Italians will have their doubts about their inexperienced new leader. His plans sound a little too good to be true. But all the same, many of those looking on will very much hope that Mr Renzi might just find a way to deliver. "This is one of the biggest fiscal reforms we can imagine," the former mayor of Florence told reporters after a cabinet meeting that approved the measures. Italy is struggling to emerge from its longest post-war recession and Mr Renzi has made clear that job creation and growth, rather than austerity, will be the focus of his government. He said the detail of the tax cuts would be set out in the government's annual forecasting document released next month, and made clear the budget deficit goal would be raised, while insisting that it would stay below the EU's ceiling of 3% of GDP. Italy is currently aiming to keep its deficit to 2. 5%, after 3% in 2013. "We will respect our European commitments," he said, adding that he expected EU authorities would take note of Italy's reform efforts in judging its public finances. He said the tax cuts will be financed by reductions in central government spending, extra borrowing, and by resources freed up thanks to the recent fall in Italy's borrowing costs. Italy will also be cutting its regional IRAP business tax by 10%, with the funding coming from an increase in tax on income from financial instruments - excluding government bonds - from 20 to 26%. Enrico Letta, the predecessor, paid off around 22bn euros ($30). 5bn; £18. 5bn) of the state's debts to private suppliers in 2013, and Mr Renzi promised to pay off the remaining 68bn euros ($94. 5bn; £57bn) by the end of July, though he did not explain how he would pay for this. Admitting that Italy would need approval from European authorities if its plan to pay off these debts causes it to exceed EU borrowing limits, Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan stated, "I must admit that we are not entirely sure of the exact amount of debt arrears that can be effectively mobilized," during a news conference. Italy's two trillion euro public debt is, at 133%, already the second biggest in the eurozone as a proportion of GDP, after Greece. Earlier this month, the EU put Italy on a watch list of three countries with severe macro-economic imbalances, along with Slovenia and Croatia, due to its weak productivity and massive debt. Mr Renzi, who heads a broad coalition, was speaking after the lower house of parliament approved a new electoral law designed to ensure more stable and long-lasting governments. After securing a comfortable victory, Mr Renzi tweeted "Politics one, Defeatism nil. " The law, which favours bigger parties, must now go to the Senate, where it is likely to face additional amendments from Renzi's own centre-left Democratic Party.
Media playback is not supported on this device The sides produced a low-key first half in the game being played at the Belfast venue because the Showgrounds doesn't meet Uefa pitch length requirements. Odd went ahead despite Ballymena's Leroy Millar heading a corner into his own net on 79, with Sigurd Haugen tapping in Odd's second goal two minutes from time. Missing for the under-strength Sky Blues as they went into the game were injured Kyle Owens and Willie Faulkner, while absent due to pre-arranged holidays were Jim Ervin and Stephen McAlorum. Canadian player Olivier Occean went close early on for Odd with Ballymena keeper Ross Glendinning making a fine save after an Emmet Friars mistake. Kevin Braniff tested the Odd keeper Sondre Rossbach before half-time in a contest that had few chances. Occean was inches away from putting Odd ahead after a John Kitelano cross following the resumption but the visitors did take the lead 11 minutes from time as Kitelano's corner was headed into his own net from six yards by the unfortunate Millar. Neil Lowry tested Rossbach with a low shot in the 86th minute before Haugen hit Odd's second goal two minutes later. Odd will meet FC Vaduz in the second qualifying round after the Liechtenstein club completed a 5-1 aggregate success over Welsh outfit Bala Town.
Taking his first victory of the season, Ducati-mounted Melandri secured the 100th race win by an Italian rider in the series. Tom Sykes, a rider from Yorkshire, finished in third place, coming second in the overall standings. Jordi Torres retired while in second place, with Michael van der Mark in fourth and Eugene Laverty in fifth on his Aprilia. After the race, Rea, 30, said he had "given it everything" in a bid to catch race winner Melandri. "I tried to go with Marco but when I got some clear track I couldn't make up any ground and do what I wanted with the bike. The bike was completely different today,"  said the double world champion. "I'm a bit frustrated with my effort as I woke up this morning really wanting to win. But well done to Marco, he rode a great race. " Welshman Chaz Davies was ruled out of Sunday's race after suffering a fractured vertebra in a last-lap crash in Saturday's first race of the weekend. Davies' fall also took off Rea, but the Northern Irishman remounted to finish third, behind winner Sykes and fellow Englishman Alex Lowes. The next round of the series will take place at Laguna Seca on 8-9 July.
The young dolphin, believed to have been separated from its mother by strong winds, was originally seen swimming in La Collette basin and has now settled in the old harbour. Specialists in marine life from the British Divers Marine Life Rescue organisation are attempting to assist the animal. They are urging individuals who observe distressed marine animals to report it. Winds of up to 70mph and waves reaching 10m hit the island on Monday as Storm Imogen struck. Amy Daniels, a marine mammal medic, suggested that boat owners should avoid approaching the dolphin and refrain from feeding it. Stating that the dolphin appears to be in a calm state, eating normally, and showing no signs of physical distress, she noted that it seems to be a recently weaned juvenile separated from its mother and the rest of the pod. " ".
Providing you with information on the main political parties vying for support, the choices made during the election will greatly affect the lives of all children throughout the country, even though children cannot vote. Find out all you need to know about the Conservative Party in Newsround's 60-second guide.
Bale scored twice as Real came from 2-0 down to remain within one point of La Liga leaders Barcelona. Madrid were without Cristiano Ronaldo through injury, while Karim Benzema went off late in the first half. "Bale is a spectacular footballer and he demonstrated that by scoring a decisive goal," said Zidane. "He has not been fit for long, but physically he was good. Performing both offensive and defensive work very well, he is very happy with him and he is very happy to be able to make a difference. "He improved physically as the game went on, which is important for him and the team. He had a little discomfort, but he was phenomenal. " Real Madrid visit Manchester City on Tuesday in the Champions League semi-final first leg. "Cristiano will travel to Manchester. We're going to assess Benzema. All that I can say is that it's not a knock," said Zidane. "I hope that it's nothing serious and that he'll be available for Tuesday. Right now I can't tell you any more than that. ".
England's team selection for the first Test against Pakistan, which begins at Lord's on Thursday, raised a few eyebrows. Gary Ballance, without a great deal of form in 2016 for Yorkshire until a hundred against Middlesex last week, was recalled for his first international since last year's Ashes ahead of Scott Borthwick, who was the obvious candidate to bat at number three. Borthwick has scored lots of runs for Durham and had been in great nick, but since England's last Test he has registered three single-figure scores in the County Championship. And there's the problem England have, one I identified at the end of their series win against Sri Lanka. There is so much loyalty to players already in the team, especially batsmen, that they are not replaced by the men who are in form in county cricket. By the time they get round to making a change, the potential replacement - the man in a purple patch - could have lost that good touch. Now, it looks a little bit of a hotchpotch in England's top five. Joe Root has been promoted to number three, a position where he has not had a great time in the past. Granted, that was a very difficult tour of Australia and Root was not the player that he is now, but he has done so well at number four. Why would you move the guy who has been successful? It is a move to accommodate Ballance, showing that England are not quite convinced about him. Root is a very good player and he might slot in very nicely at three but he has batted so nicely at four, it is certainly a gamble by England. Despite his relatively modest time in domestic cricket, you can see why England were desperate to get Ballance back into the side. He had a tough time last summer that eventually led to his omission, but this is a guy who scored four centuries in his first nine Tests and has an average of 47. Of tremendous character, he is also a cricketer. But if Ballance has not addressed the technical issues that resulted in his downfall a year ago, he will be found out. Having a huge step back towards his stumps, the left-hander allows the pace bowlers to push the ball fuller, giving it more chance to swing. Ballance will have to move his feet against the likes of Wahab Riaz and Mohammad Amir (more on him later), as hiding back in the crease will make him susceptible to being bowled or caught behind the wicket. Ballance has been done a bit of a favour by the selectors. They have recalled him without the runs that others have got in the County Championship and he does not have to go in at his old position of number three. Now they will be looking for a return on their investment. All of this is part of an ongoing problem with the England top order, one that has barely gone more than one series without a new face or a reshuffle since the retirement of Andrew Strauss in 2012. A lot of that has been down to the struggle to find a replacement for opener Strauss and England were unlucky to lose James Taylor, but the fact remains that to win Tests you have to score runs. Indeed, despite some very good recent results, England have been 100-3 or worse in 24 of their past 34 completed innings. It is hard to say how this problem has arisen, but England need to find a way for the whole order to click. They need to play with confidence, but not recklessness, especially when they get the opportunity to bat on good pitches. For all the uncertainty over the batting, the pace bowling department remains in good order, even without the injured James Anderson. Likely to get the nod over fellow uncapped bowler Toby Roland-Jones is Jake Ball, who was in the squad for the Sri Lanka series but did not play, and I am looking forward to seeing him bowl. While Anderson is a big miss, England have been here before It is typical of the character of Stuart Broad that he invariably steps up to the challenge of leading the attack, rather than wilting under the pressure. And so to what is likely to dominate much of the conversation at Lord's: Mohammad Amir's return to the ground where he was caught spot-fixing six years ago. Some have said he should not be playing, that he should have been banned for life, but my view is that he was a naive 18-year-old who was pressurised by a corrupt captain. I am inclined to be lenient. In taking each case on its own merits, I would treat Amir differently to co-conspirators Mohammad Asif and Salman Butt, with Butt in an influential position of captain. Amir was a young man who has been encouraged to come back - that is a good thing. It shows cricket is a grown-up sport. But, on the other hand, I do not agree with some views on social media - mainly from Pakistan fans - that the issue should now be left alone. We cannot and should not forget. I do not want the crowd to give him a hard time but if he gets a few jeers when he bowls a no-ball then that goes with the territory. He did what he did. Amir will be a talking point throughout and talking about what he did and the punishment he served - he went to jail, remember - should serve as a deterrent to others. He has served his time, but we will never forget. While we may talk about Amir, England must put any ill feeling to one side and play the ball and not the man. That is because the left-armer Amir is a terrific bowler, one who can swing the ball at high speed and cause total devastation. He will be backed up by another dangerous left-arm pace bowler, Wahab Riaz, and the skilful leg-spin of Yasir Shah, who could be a handful on the bouncier pitches of Old Trafford and The Oval. With those three in the side, we know Pakistan are likely to bowl well, so a lot will depend on how they bat. They have some good players who can bat long, not least the captain Misbah-ul-Haq, a man who loves Test cricket and will be determined to make the most of what will be his only tour of England. England must bowl a full length, bring the Pakistan batsmen on to the front foot and make them deal with the moving ball. Make no mistake, this will be a stern challenge for Alastair Cook's men. Jonathan Agnew was speaking to BBC Sport's Stephan Shemilt.
Nick Harrington, who sat on Warwick District Council, has apologised for causing "considerable offence to both members of the traveller community and to those of Irish heritage". He also apologised to athlete Christine Ohuruogu for an "ill-judged" comment he made last year on Facebook. He has already quit as a magistrate. In the tweet Mr Harrington made during Eurovision, he said that Ireland could keep its gypsies, using strong language. In the post on Facebook, he likened Ohuruogu to a black scarecrow. Apologising "unreservedly" in a statement, he acknowledged that his comments about the Irish border were also foolish. More updates on this story "There have also been comments about my Facebook post of an entry in a scarecrow competition last year which was based on the Olympics." I accept this was ill-judged for which I apologise to Christine Ohuruogu. "Therefore it is with deep regret that I formally tender my resignation as member for Stoneleigh and Cubbington ward effective immediately. " He added he was "devastated" by what he had done. Mr Harrington's Twitter account was deleted after the Eurovision furore but his remarks were widely retweeted. Police are investigating and are treating what happened as a suspected hate crime. Council leader Andrew Mobbs initially suspended Mr Harrington for six months, saying his behaviour was unacceptable. He said on Wednesday that his resignation was "entirely appropriate" and he awaited the outcome of a police investigation. "I am very disappointed that his comment was made in the first place and by the reaction it generated towards the district council on social media," he added.
Speaking in New York, Mr Guterres said if any country doubted the need for the 2015 Paris climate accord, then other countries must "stay the course". He was speaking after US President Donald Trump refused to join other leaders of the G7 group of rich nations in reaffirming support for the accord. He is due to decide the US stance soon. President Trump has previously dismissed global warming as a "hoax" created by China and has threatened to pull out of the Paris accord. Making his first major statement on climate since taking office as UN chief five months ago, Mr Guterres told the audience at New York University that if any government doubts the global will and need for this accord, that is reason for all others to unite even stronger and stay the course. "The message is simple: the sustainability train has left the station. Get on board or get left behind. " He added: "The world is in a mess. It is absolutely essential that the world implements the Paris agreement. " Responding to questions, he said: "We believe that it would be important for the US not to leave the Paris agreement. "But even if the government decides to leave the Paris agreement, it's very important for US society as a whole - the cities, the states, the companies, the businesses - to remain engaged. " New York and California have already pledged to combat climate change without the Trump administration's support. The UN chief said he intended to convene a summit in 2019 to review progress on implementing the Paris accord. "Climate change is undeniable. He said that climate action is unstoppable. The US is one of more than 140 countries and organisations that have ratified the agreement, but Mr Trump railed against it on the campaign trail, saying it was bad for the US economy. He has repeatedly promised to strengthen the coal industry. The Paris deal is the world's first comprehensive climate agreement, with the aim of keeping the global average rise in temperatures below 2C. Pledging to reduce their carbon emissions, countries aim to do that. President Trump, unlike the other six world leaders present, left the G7 summit in Sicily last weekend without reaffirming his commitment to the accord.
Think of Iraq and Afghanistan - their crystal ball is often as muddy as yours or mine. While the 2010 Strategic Defence & Security Review (SDSR) did identify terrorism and international military crises as high level (tier 1) threats, there was no specific mention of Russia and so-called Islamic State (IS) did not exist in anything like its present form. The 2015 SDSR will identify both IS and Russia as tier 1 threats, but they may not be the same threat five years hence. They say that armies train to fight the last war they fought and military plans don't survive the first contact with the enemy. "In 2010 it was rather assumed the armed forces would get out of Afghanistan and take a bit of a breather," says Michael Clarke, director of the defence think tank Rusi. Instead "the world has shown us the armed forces won't be getting a holiday," he says. First, the government should be commended on its commitment to carry out a defence review every five years. Before, defence reviews were done ad hoc. Despite the high degree of scepticism that ministers will still have to overcome, there is a question as to whether this latest SDSR is genuinely "strategic" or if it matches Britain's global ambitions with the resources needed. SDSR 2010 may have been strategic in name but it'll be remembered for the savage cuts that followed It wasn't just the scrapping of iconic names, it left gaping holes in Britain's defences - with no aircraft carriers for the Royal Navy and no maritime patrol aircraft to hunt down Russian submarines. Full document The Royal Navy also lost thousands of personnel and is now having to recruit marine engineers from foreign navies. In order to man its two new aircraft carriers it'll need another 2,000 sailors but they'll have to manage with fewer, which could mean mothballing other warships. The armed forces are still licking the wounds inflicted by the 2010 review. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon admits it involved "painful" decisions. But this week he told me: "We're now able to expand the defence budget again. to enhance the capabilities of our armed forces to deal with the increased threats we face. " Key to this, he says, has been the commitment to meet the Nato target of spending 2% of the nation's wealth (GDP) on defence. It means there'll be a modest increase in the defence budget over the next five years. Mr Clarke says while the armed forces might be in a better place this time round "it'll still find it difficult to meet all the commitments the government wants it to meet". New maritime patrol aircraft will be top of the shopping list. Over the past five years Britain has had to call on the help of the US, Canada and France to hunt for suspected Russian submarines near UK waters. Training on the US Boeing P8 Poseidon has already been undergone by RAF crews - however, it comes with a hefty price tag. There are other defence contractors who are presenting more cost-effective alternatives. Britain needs new aircraft now, but it has to work out what it can afford. The RAF will also be looking for more frontline fast-jet squadrons. It now has seven squadrons but would like more than a dozen. In the fight against IS it's still having to rely on the ageing Tornado. The life of some of the early Typhoons is likely to be extended to add a few more squadrons, but still probably fewer than the RAF would like. One key decision will be how many of the new F-35s Britain will buy. The aircraft, also known as the Joint Strike Fighter, is already the most expensive defence project ever undertaken by the Pentagon. The UK had originally planned to buy 138, but each jet will cost about £100m. The decision on F-35s is also important for the Royal Navy and its two new aircraft carriers from which they will fly, as are new anti-submarine frigates needed to protect the carriers. The Navy wants 13 of the new Type 26 frigate. If it has to settle for less that would have a knock-on  effect on shipbuilding jobs on the Clyde. The government will also signal its push to renew the fleet of Vanguard submarines which carry the Trident nuclear systems. The cost of building four new submarines will be updated from around £20bn to more than £30bn. The Army will be looking at how many new armoured "scout" vehicles they'll be getting and new Apache attack helicopters. Although the Army has become less likely to engage in any large-scale conflict on its own, it still needs a range of capabilities to deploy alongside its key ally - the US. The Army also hopes this SDSR will help change public perceptions - that it's not just there to deploy en masse. The Army now sends small teams to trouble spots all over the world to help train and assist fragile states with conflict prevention. The number of regular troops is shrinking, from 163,000 in 1978 to 102,000 in 2010 and 82,000 in 2020 The government has said it does not want whole regiments to be scrapped; some will be merged, others face "salami slicing". The Army will become more reliant on part-time soldiers; the number of reservists will double from 15,000 to 30,000 by 2020 The government says Britain will have an effective, well-equipped fighting force, integrating regulars and reserves Analysts say the Army will have resources for only one major operation at a time and there will be swingeing cuts to support units such as logistics and engineers More on the Army reorganisation In fact, this SDSR will signal a significant break with the past. Mr Clarke says: "What we are seeing is a shift of resources away from fighting major wars towards using the forces in more intelligence-led, cyber-led, Special Forces-led ways for specific operations. " The armed forces still want and need their big ticket items like warplanes and warships, but recent events have underlined the shift. In the wake of the Paris attacks, ministers have said the security services will get another 1,900 personnel while there'll be an extra  £1. 9bn for cybersecurity and another £2bn for Special Forces. The RAF will see the size of its drone fleet double to 20. It's a sign the military will be involved in more intelligence-led counter-terrorism operations and an indication that, post-Iraq and Afghanistan, politicians are increasingly reluctant to put "boots on the ground". After the brutal cuts of the last SDSR, ministers hope this one will be a positive story. While the Ministry of Defence is still having to make efficiency savings, it's not being asked to make cuts right across the board like many other government departments. But more important than how the review is regarded by the public, or the armed forces themselves, is how it's interpreted by Britain's allies and enemies.
A worker at the hospital said that colleagues were under tremendous pressure, after a "major incident" was declared on Monday 2nd January. The Western Health Trust confirmed it was due to a high volume of patient numbers. However a Trust spokesperson said the incident was "stood down" within hours. It is also understood that there were trolley waits at Altnagelvin. The Irish News reported on Tuesday that the hospital had to implement a "full 999 divert". In a statement to the BBC the Western Health and Social Care Trust said: "The Trust activated its business continuity measures before Christmas and this supported the Trust's operation through the outbreak of Norovirus. " (Monday) 2nd January 2017 proved a particularly difficult and challenging day and the emergency plan was enacted for a period of time to deal with a pressurised period in our ED (emergency department). "This measure was stood down shortly afterwards". In a report in November 2016, the Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority (RQIA) found that staff at Altanagelvin's emergency department were "burnt out". Newly released figures also show that more than 400 patients had to wait at least 12 hours at emergency departments over the Christmas period. The figures were obtained by the BBC from the Health and Social Care Board. From Christmas Eve to 2 January, 462 patients had a wait of at least 12 hours to be admitted, discharged or transferred. The Health and Social Care Board has apologised for any "distress and inconvenience". The pressure was most acute in Antrim Area Hospital, where 165 patients faced at least a 12-hour wait. At the Ulster Hospital, Dundonald, 94 patients had to wait the same period of time while there were 60 patients affected at Craigavon Area Hospital. In the Western Health Trust, 33 patients waited at least 12 hours in Londonderry's Altnagelvin Hospital while the same number waited 12 hours at the South West Acute Hospital in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh. In Belfast, 28 patients faced a 12-hour wait at the Royal Victoria Hospital and 24 others waited in excess of 12 hours in the Mater Hospital. The hospital which had the fewest 12-hour waits was the Causeway Hospital in Coleraine, with nine cases. From December 24 to 29, there was a 9% rise on the number of attendances at emergency departments compared to the same period last year. Visiting the emergency department in Antrim Area Hospital saw an increase of 14%, compared to just a 4% increase at the Royal Victoria. The board stated that urgent care services were experiencing a very high level of demand due to winter illnesses, such as the norovirus. It said it is working with health trusts, primary care colleagues and other key partners to alleviate the pressure. "Plans have been put in place across the Health and Social Care system to manage increased demand at this time of year. "However, given the extent of the increase in demand, some patients have had to wait more than 12 hours to be admitted to hospital. "We fully understand the distress and inconvenience this causes to patients and their families and apologise to them for it. " Figures showing the amount of patients who had to wait more than four hours are due to be published on Thursday.
Media playback is not supported on this device Coleman's deal ends after Euro 2016, the first major tournament Wales have qualified for since the 1958 World Cup. The 45-year-old hopes to stay in charge for the bid to make the 2018 World Cup. "It has to be right. He said he didn't expect the first negotiations to be, 'Great, is that it? Let's do it.' "It's not going to be like that." We are apart. "But it wasn't disappointing because it's an important decision to go into the World Cup, for me and Wales. Contract negotiations opened last Monday but no further talks between the FAW and their manager are scheduled, with Coleman in "game mode" for Wales' friendlies against Northern Ireland and Ukraine. They host Northern Ireland in Cardiff on Thursday and travel to Ukraine four days later in their Euro 2016 build-up. "All I can think about is Northern Ireland," said Coleman, a former Wales defender. "The powers that be know me. They know I just want to get my head down with these two games. "Once they have gone, then who knows? In the next one we could nail it. Ideally it will be done before we go to the tournament - but if we don't agree then it won't be done. " He added: "I hope everyone knows what it means to me to manage Wales and to do well in this tournament. "I am not thinking about the World Cup campaign and I'm not thinking about my contract. ".
Jennifer Berry, 33, was charged with second-degree murder and manslaughter at the court in the Bronx on Monday. The girl was found in a rubbish-strewn alleyway last week, her umbilical cord still attached. Prosecutors now say they are re-examining the March 2008 death of Ms Berry's infant son. The death of the two-and-a-half-week-old boy was attributed to sudden infant death syndrome. Ms Berry had worked for family charities and in the child protective services branch of the New York City Administration for Children's Services, according to the New York Times. Ms Berry's friends and family did not even realise she was pregnant, authorities said - as she had told them she had miscarried or had an abortion weeks before. Under questioning, she also initially denied having been pregnant before claiming to have given birth to a stillborn baby in the shower, they said. Prosecutors say the baby died from blunt force trauma, meaning she was alive when thrown from the seventh-floor window of her boyfriend's apartment. Ms Berry is now in custody until her next court appearance on 27 October, as they say she knew she was alive. "This situation has me really sad," a man who identified himself as Giovanni Johnson, Ms Berry's boyfriend, told the New York Times. He said he believed he was the father of the dead baby. "Do you know what I mean? I lost a daughter," Mr Johnson's mother, Tressonya Johnson, told the newspaper, saying her family was "really going through something right now - a real big hardship. We're torn apart." ".
Speaking to the BBC's Andrew Marr he said an independent Scotland would have to apply for membership and get the approval of all current member states. Scotland's Finance Minister described his comments as "pretty preposterous". John Swinney said Mr Barroso's view was based on a false comparison. The referendum on Scottish independence will be held on 18 September, with voters being asked the Yes/No question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" In his interview with Andrew Marr, Mr Barroso said: "In case there is a new country, a new state, coming out of a current member state it will have to apply. " He said it was important that "accession to the European Union will have to be approved by all other member states of the European Union. "Continuing, he remarked that obtaining the agreement of all the other member states for a new member originating from a single member state would prove to be exceedingly challenging." He said: "We have seen Spain has been opposing even the recognition of Kosovo, for instance. So it is to some extent a similar case because it's a new country and so I believe it's going to be extremely difficult, if not impossible, a new member state coming out of our countries getting the agreement of the others. " However, Mr Barroso made clear that it was up to the people of Scotland to decide their future, and he said he did not want to interfere in that process. In its White Paper on independence, launched in November, the Scottish government said the country would look to gain membership through Article 48 of the Treaty of the European Union. It said such a move could be achieved within 18 months of a "Yes" vote. 'Agreed process' Speaking on the BBC's Sunday Politics programme, Mr Swinney said: "I think President Barroso's remarks are pretty preposterous. "He's set out his position linking and comparing Scotland to the situation in Kosovo. "Scotland has been a member of the EU for 40 years - we're already part of the European Union. " Mr Swinney said there was no indication any member state would veto Scotland's membership, including Spain where Catalan separatists are pushing for independence. He added: "The Spanish Foreign Minister said if there is an agreed process within the United Kingdom by which Scotland becomes an independent country then Spain has nothing to say about the whole issue. "That indicates to me quite clearly that the Spanish government will have no stance to take on the question of Scottish membership of the European Union. " Mr Swinney also denied Scotland would have to join the euro if it became a member of the EU in its own right. He said to adopt the euro, countries first had to be a member of the exchange rate mechanism and Scotland had "no intention" of signing up. In response to the European Commission president's comments, Labour leader Ed Miliband, when asked in a BBC interview, said he believed that recent developments on issues such as EU membership and currency were demonstrating that "Alex Salmond's case is falling apart". He added that "I think we can offer people greater hope for Scotland within the United Kingdom by ensuring that we create a socially just country, rather than risking Scotland going it alone. " " Former chancellor and chairman of the pro-Union Better Together campaign, Alistair Darling, said the "wheels had begun to fall off the wagon" of the nationalists' campaign. He added: "You now see that Alex Salmond is a man without a plan. "Both the lack of clarity on the currency, as well as on Europe, means that Scotland would be taking a wholly unnecessary and undesirable risk if it were to vote to separate this autumn. " On Monday, Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond is due to address pro-independence business leaders in Aberdeen. He has vowed to "deconstruct" the chancellor's case against a currency union in a speech at the Business for Scotland event. He will say George Osborne's position that a vote for independence would mean walking away from the pound, is "ill-thought out and misinformed". Other SNP politicians have also dismissed Mr Barroso's remarks. Angus MacNeil, MP for the Western Isles, expressed to the BBC his belief that the comments were "nonsense", stating that Barroso's assertion that the EU is not a club for members or nations seeking membership is likely a very new and revolutionary development. I think, however, that Barroso is playing more politics at form and that it will have the same effect as George Osborne - it will help Scotland.
Well, we've had a few minutes. The pungent whiff of 2016 is still with us, and 2017 is already shaping up as expected - in that it's going to be full of the unexpected. Resistant to decades of legislation, we're told by pay inequality campaigners that the gender gap is proving not only that the top bosses of the top firms have already trousered more pay than the median UK worker will earn all year, but also that pay inequality is just one of the causes we can expect to hear more about in 2017 as real earnings come under pressure from inflation. I'm not going to make any rash predictions, but here are some economic issues to watch. Let's stick with prices. The official estimate of eurozone prices has come in at 1. 1% in the year to December. That's not high or worrying, but it is a rapid increase in pace from 0. 6% for November. That shows that there are pressures building, notably in worldwide energy costs. The OPEC deal on output five weeks ago has pushed up oil prices to more than $55 per barrel. In early 2017 trading, it went above $58. But there are other pressures on eurozone prices, including food. So from a sterling zone perspective, it's not just the weakness of sterling that's driving up prices. But that stands out as the surefire prediction for 2017. Having lost nearly 20% of value against the US dollar, sterling prices of imports are going to rise. Many suppliers and retailers have delayed that since the pound plummeted in June following the Brexit vote. They have been able to do so through having hedged against currency changes, but those hedges are time-limited. There's also the possibility of continued currency volatility. The pound gained some ground later last year, but has fallen against the US dollar to trade only a cent or so above its post-Brexit low point of $1. 21. An early sign of an expectation of inflation are new figures from the Bank of England on household borrowing. That has returned to where it was before the credit crunch, rising to more than Â£1. 5 trillion. There may be several reasons, but one is likely to be that consumers are using more credit to bring forward purchases that they expect to become more expensive later in the year. For more than two years, the Scottish economy has suffered from the impact of much lower oil prices. That has helped businesses and households as they've seen fuel costs drop. But the overall effect in Scotland has been a hit to the north-east energy industry, with shock waves felt across the country. Last year began with very low oil prices, falling below $30, and some expectations Brent crude could go below $20. It didn't. So there may be some cause for optimism about the oil industry staging a recovery. If so, for the offshore industry at least, it should be optimism of the very cautious variety. If prices can be sustained in the $50 to $70 range, which seems to be what the OPEC cartel production deal is intended to do, then it could make more exploration and development drilling more attractive. That is expected to be evident mostly in North American fracking of oil and gas, which can be much more price-sensitive than the expensive and relatively slow process of opening up offshore reserves. One indicator to watch is the 'rig count' of fracking equipment over the next two months. Last month saw the sharpest rise in two years, and that was before the OPEC deal sunk in. Weir Group, one Scots-based engineering firm with its fortunes closely tied to the health of the fracking market, has seen its share price more than double in the past year, after halving over the previous year. Other oil firms based in Scotland are looking ever more to export orders. The big offshore developments are far overseas. If a higher price does attract more investment in new production, that increased supply will itself will put a dampener on the oil price. That's why it is not expected to go much higher - not this year, anyway. (In a year in which I have already spotted media releases including the "leverageable", the Nordic bank SEB has offered a splendid bit of analyst jargon: "Curves are likely to move from deep contango to backwardation in 2017". That's not a move from Strictly Come Dancing, but a shift in futures price relative to spot prices. ) Economics has rarely felt so political. The dominant theme of UK politics is almost certain to be the negotiations to exit the European Union. The twin themes within that, of future trade relations and future migrating movement of workers, are very much about economics. While there was little impact to growth or consumer spending in the months following the Brexit vote, confounding many of the expert predictions, those experts are more confident they'll get it right about 2017. They foresee a marked slowdown in growth, as lower investment feeds through, and inflation dampens consumer spending and confidence. The effect on consumer spending is evident in low expectations of retail figures coming out of the vital Christmas and winter sales period, for which Next has kicked off the reporting season on a sour note. More on that over the next week. The effect on business investment is less clear, with quite healthy UK figures on manufacturing and construction. So what can we conclude about the Brexit effect in 2017?  Not much, except that we should be prepared for the unexpected, and don't be surprised if the bumpy politics of negotiations feeds into bumpy business and economics. While much attention is being paid to the Brexit proposal, due to be set out by Theresa May by the end of March, at least as important is the response from the other 27 members of the European Union. And they have other complications on their minds, which again mean the political is deeply enmeshed in the economic. Getting the limelight in the French presidential election, Marine le Pen of the Front National, has announced plans to create a new national currency, and to re-denominate government debt in the new franc. While the old eurozone tensions continue to grumble away at Italian banks and Greek austerity, French voters have the power to direct a populist missile at the of the heart of the euro project, which could transform the unity of the 27 and of the Brexit negotiations. There could be a consolidation of anti-right voters to keep out Marine le Pen, as happened to the far right candidate for Austria's president. But there's a reasonable chance that will involve coalescing around a centre-right candidate with tough messages on migration, on culture, and in favour of free market economic reforms. Dutch and German voters also go to the polls this year. Angela Merkel may be well placed to win another term in autumn, but it is not a year when we should expect to see her making sacrifices for the wider European project. So there are lots of unknowns so far. The biggest unknown takes the oath of office later this month in Washington. Donald Trump has no track record of governing, and a long track record of very radical plans for tax, infrastructure spending, immigration and trade. A US infrastructure boost could give a lift to the global economy. But with one Tweet early on 3rd January, the President-Elect served notice on General Motors that he's going after the auto industry's use of Mexican manufacturing plants. It's unclear whether he follows through or not with a big fat tariff, or whether Congress would let him. But Trump appears to have US companies dancing to his tune. General Motors was quick to point out that only a few of the Chevrolet models targeted by the President-Elect are actually made in Mexico. And within hours, Ford was announcing an abandonment of its $1. 6 billion plan for a new Mexican plant, instead putting investment in new electric and hybrid vehicle production into the Trump-voting rustbelt of Michigan. Watching very very closely is the administration in Beijing. Later this year, it will set out its next five-year period in office. Not much chance of an electoral upset there. But it is a time when the Chinese nationalist drumbeat is also likely to be at its loudest.
A five-point plan for constitutional reform is at the heart of the deal. Mr Sanchez will now seek deputies' support to become prime minister in a vote on 2 March - though the two parties' seats combined still leave him far from a parliamentary majority. Spain remains in political limbo following December's inconclusive poll. Acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's centre-right Popular Party, which took the greatest number of seats in the election, has already tried to form a coalition without success. Negotiations had been taking place between the Socialists (PSOE) and the radical left Podemos, however on Tuesday they announced that an agreement had been reached with Ciudadanos. The deal was officially signed on Wednesday to applause. Between them, the Socialists and Ciudadanos command only 130 seats in the 350-seat lower house. "What we agreed we cannot do alone," said Ciudadanos leader Albert Rivera, urging other parties to come on board. Their five-point pact would strip immunity from senior officials from being tried in lower courts; depoliticise the judiciary; make it easier for citizens to propose legislative initiatives; remove central government representation within regional administrations; and limit prime ministers to two terms in office. In addition, reports El Diario (in Spanish), the deal envisages the imposition of a special tax on wealthy estates, an increase in the minimum wage, and corporate tax reform. However, should their coalition go on to take power, constitutional reforms would depend on the unlikely support of the PP, which has an absolute majority in the Senate. And despite the Ciudadanos deal, correspondents caution, the path to a new government remains far from clear. Ciudadanos has talked to both the PP and Socialists (PSOE). The significance of the deal is that Ciudadanos has picked Mr Sanchez as the man who can deliver meaningful political reforms. The problem is that this backing is largely symbolic, in that Ciudadanos' 40 seats cannot give a workable majority to either Mr Sanchez or Mr Rajoy. Podemos, which could help Mr Sanchez become prime minister if Basque and Catalan parties gave their consent, has said it will not join any deal with Ciudadanos. Ciudadanos has said it will vote against Mr Sanchez if he signs up to Podemos's plans to raise income tax and offer Catalans a referendum on independence. Unless Podemos ditches its radical ideas, fresh elections still seem the most likely option. The Socialist leader will be able to say he tried, and blame Podemos for the impasse. Mr Sanchez will now put himself forward for a vote of confidence in the lower house of parliament on 2 March. To succeed he would need an absolute majority, which would require a yes vote or abstentions by either the PP - which has vowed to oppose such a coalition - or by Podemos and several other parties. Podemos, analysts say, has been a tough negotiator with the Socialists: its leader Pablo Iglesias insistent on an independence referendum in Catalonia, anathema to the Socialists, or perhaps confident his ascendant party could win even more seats in fresh elections next summer. Podemos is also deeply suspicious of rival newcomer Ciudadanos. Should Mr Sanchez fail to secure an absolute majority on 2 March, he could then aim for a simple majority in a second vote on 5 March. If he fails, the PP may attempt once again to form a coalition - perhaps a "grand coalition" with the Socialists and Ciudadanos. If that fails, a new election would have to be called, probably on 26 June.
Departing Eastleigh by mutual consent after a seven-month stay, the 35-year-old former Oxford United man left in April. Torquay boss Kevin Nicholson informed the club website that Ryan Clarke, a former Bristol Rovers trainee, has previously featured for clubs including Northampton Town, AFC Wimbledon, and Forest Green Rovers. "Ryan is a proven goalkeeper at this level and levels above," Nicholson said.
Remanded in custody after appearing before magistrates on Monday was David Harvey, 54, of Greenside Lane, Droylsden charged with possession of an explosive with intent to endanger life and abstracting electricity. Scheduled to appear before Tameside Magistrates' Court on 7 June is Mr Harvey, as stated by Greater Manchester Police, who also confirmed that the incident is not linked to the attack on the Manchester Arena.
The child's mother, a US national, had taken a late flight from London to Alicante, airport sources said. Placing the child inside a baby carrier on a stationary belt for heavy baggage, which is reported to have been activated by the weight, she said. The Spanish police said they were investigating, looking at CCTV footage "but it seems that it was an accident" The tragedy is believed to have occurred at the Alicante-Elche airport on the Costa Blanca. The infant, reportedly tangled and trapped in the rollers, was transported to where the bags emerge, according to reports. The mother's Canadian husband was waiting for the family in the arrivals zone. It is believed they were planning a family holiday in nearby Denia. Medical workers tried to save the baby's life but he was declared dead at the scene. A post-mortem examination is expected to take place later on Thursday or Friday.
Stefan Lofven said all of Sweden's thoughts were with them following a ceremony outside Stockholm City Hall, also attended by the mayor and most of the Swedish royal family. Four people died and 15 were injured when a hijacked truck was driven into a department store in central Stockholm. An Uzbek man, 39, is the main suspect. To those affected by the attack, Mr Lofven said: "You are not alone, our thoughts are with you. Sweden is standing with you." The identities of the victims have not been released by police, but they were: The minute's silence was observed nationwide, with people gathering under the rain outside Ahlens department store to pay their respects. Reassuring those gathered at City Hall, Mayor Karin Wanngard emphasized that Stockholm would remain an open and tolerant place. "We will never give in to violence. " We will never let terror prevail," she said. Sweden's top dignitaries, including the country's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia, both dressed in black, appeared visibly moved as they gathered under dark skies at Stockholm City Hall, where flags remained at half mast. Outside, crowds of locals gathered to join the minute of silence, many clutching roses. Some admitted that they were nervous about Sweden's future in the wake of the violence. Enjoying a lunchtime run, others passing the scene were, or out walking their dogs along the nearby tree-lined waterfront - a sign of the resolution demonstrated by Stockholmers in recent days. Locals have quickly returned to the city centre's bustling streets, stores and cafes, determined not to see their lives changed as a result of Friday's attack. Police are still questioning the main suspect, whose name was confirmed as Rakhmat Akilov to BBC Uzbek. He had applied for permanent residency in 2014, but this was rejected. In December 2016 he was given four weeks to leave the country, police chief Jonas Hysing told a press conference over the weekend. The suspect then disappeared, and police began searching for him, Mr Hysing added. He was known to have expressed sympathy for groups including so-called Islamic State (IS), but had been seen only as a "marginal character", police said. On Monday,  Sweden's National Police Commissioner Dan Eliasson they were "sure we have the driver of the truck" in custody. He also revealed there would be a "court process" on Tuesday, but warned the investigation into the attack would take a year. So far, police have questioned 600 people in connection with the attack, and a second suspect has been placed under formal arrest - although under a lesser charge, Mr Eliasson said. No group has claimed to be behind the attack. Sweden has taken in nearly 200,000 refugees and migrants in recent years - more per capita than any other European country. However, there was a drop in numbers last year after the country introduced new border checks. Separately, Sweden is believed to have the highest number of IS fighters per capita in Europe. About 140 of the 300 who went to Syria and Iraq have since returned, leaving the authorities to grapple with how best to reintegrate them into society.
A man in his 20s was shot in the arms and legs at Maple Drive at about 04:00 GMT on Thursday. Detectives said they were investigating if loyalists linked to the UDA were involved. Chasing their victim after shooting him inside a house, the masked gang, armed with handguns, ran after him. Three men, aged 36, 37 and 42, have been released on police bail.
The projects include $136,000 for a study of artificial intelligence weapons and how to keep them under "meaningful human control". There is also a further $1. 5m earmarked for an AI research centre. Additional funding has come from the Open Philanthropy Project. The centre would be run by Oxford and Cambridge universities in the UK. "There are reasons to believe that unregulated and unconstrained development could incur significant dangers, both from "bad actors" like irresponsible governments and from the unprecedented capability of the technology itself," said Oxford University's Nick Bostrom. The studies set to receive grants from the Future of Life Institute (FLI) focus on how ethics and human values can be incorporated into AI work, explicitly on the long-term impacts of AI, the strategic implications of powerful AI systems as they come to exceed human capabilities in most domains of interest, and the policy responses that could best be used to mitigate the potential risks of this technology. The group said it had received nearly 300 funding applications from around the world. Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Prof Stephen Hawking are among the high-profile figures warning about the potential dangers of AI, as robots become increasingly intelligent and less dependent on human control. Max Tegmark, president of FLI, noted that the organization was unfazed by the nightmare scenarios presented in Hollywood films like Terminator. "We're staying focused, and the 37 teams supported by today's grants should help solve such real issues. He said that all these leading AI researchers were emphasizing the importance of AI safety when Elon Musk, who founded SpaceX and co-founded Tesla Motors and PayPal, donated to the IFL in January this year. "I agree with them, so I'm committing $10m to support research aimed at keeping AI beneficial for humanity. ".
David Capstick was walking in the mid Wales national park Saturday when he met the soldiers in a distressed state. Relatives of L/Cpl Craig Roberts, 24, from Penrhyn Bay, Conwy, paid tribute saying he had died "in the pursuit of his dream". Defence Secretary Philip Hammond announced a full inquiry. We, Craig's family, would like to thank all our and Craig's friends for their kind thoughts and support. We are all devastated at the loss of our beloved Craig; this has left a massive hole in all our lives. We wholeheartedly supported Craig in his military endeavours and it gives us some comfort, though great sadness, that he died in the pursuit of his dream. Next month Craig was due to start a new post in the office of the secretary of state for education and we were all very proud of him. We would like to thank the Ministry of Defence family liaison officer for all his help and support in these trying times. Speaking to Channel 4 news, Mr Capstick described how he was walking in the Beacons when he was passed by a line of soldiers moving in the opposite direction at five or 10-minute intervals. "We then came across two soldiers who had clearly broken that intended mode of operation and were proceeding slowly together, and one of the soldiers made a compassionate plea for some drinking water for his colleague," he said. "He was upset," he added. "The other soldier was trying to make the best of the situation and asked if we could spare any water for his colleague, not for himself. " Mr Capstick added that it "certainly was slightly odd" that the two soldiers in particular had bunched together and were "clearly in distress. " In a statement issued through the Ministry of Defence, Mr Roberts's father Kelvin said: "We are all devastated at the loss of our beloved Craig; this has left a massive hole in all our lives. " He said he had died "in the pursuit of his dream". Mr Roberts, who had worked as a teaching assistant in London, was due to take up a job in Whitehall in the office of Education Secretary Michael Gove. He had served with the Territorial Army (TA) for more than five years and was a member of the 3rd Battalion Royal Anglian Regiment. It is believed he served as a reservist in Iraq and Afghanistan, and had taken part in several exercises including a training mission in Texas with the American National Guard. He had taken part in a four-week trial for the TA SAS reservists ending in a 40-mile (64km) hike over the Brecon Beacons. L/Cpl Roberts was described as being "the salt of the earth" by one friend, who added that the soldier was "extremely dedicated". The University of Leicester economics graduate was described by Professor Ali al-Nowaihi as a "very promising young man - independent, strong willed and determined". BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner said he understood the deaths occurred after the SAS training and preparation phase, right at the start of the selection phase. He also understood there were extra water supplies available in the area, in addition to the water the men were carrying. SAS selection course The Brecon Beacons is home to the Infantry Battle School and makes up one of Britain's largest military training areas. According to the MoD website, the SAS (Reserve) selection course is run twice a year and consists of two main components - "aptitude" and "continuation". Designed to select volunteers with the right qualities, the "progressively arduous" aptitude phase includes physical and mental robustness, self-confidence, self-discipline, the ability to work alone, and the ability to assimilate information and new skills. The continuation training, following aptitude, involves an intensive period of instruction and assessment on Special Forces tactics, techniques, and procedures, as well as weapons and standard operating procedures.
Accused of being part of a plot to move drugs from Liverpool to Brighton and Eastbourne in East Sussex is Thomas Wynn. Arrested on 24 March, the 49-year-old has failed to answer bail, Merseyside Police said. With links to several addresses in Liverpool, including Tobacco Wharf and Commercial Road, Mr Wynn also has connections to Eastbourne and Brighton. In relation to the investigation, codenamed Operation Wildwood, 11 people have been charged with drugs offences so far.
Available for the League Two opening match of the season at Stevenage on Saturday, White, a 19-year-old, has made two appearances for the south coast team, including a debut in last season's 4-0 EFL Cup win over Colchester United. "This is a big coup for the club and I'm delighted to get Ben in," said Newport manager Mike Flynn.
Miguel Angel Trevino Morales, 40, head of the Zetas Cartel, was intercepted with two lieutenants in a pick-up truck near Nuevo Laredo. Mexican officials said he had eight guns and $2m (Â£1. 3m) in cash. Trevino Morales, infamous for his brutality, was wanted on both sides of the border for ordering massacres and running drugs on a global scale. He took control of the Zetas following the death of group founder Heriberto Lazcano in October 2012. By Will GrantBBC News, Mexico City The government of Enrique Pena Nieto has said that its strategy on the drug war would involve a shift away from high profile arrests towards a broader reduction of violence on Mexico's streets. For every drug cartel leader who is captured, the government has said, there is another to take his place. But, nevertheless, they will be privately overjoyed at bringing down such an important drug lord as Trevino Morales - especially without even having fired a shot. Unlike other top members of the Zetas, Trevino Morales did not come from the military. But he appeared to make up for his civilian background by specialising in a particularly sadistic form of violence against his victims. His is the highest-profile arrest since President Enrique Pena Nieto came to office last December. Instead of capturing big-name targets, Mr Pena Nieto pledged to address cartels through law enforcement at a local level, differing from the previous government's approach. Ex-President Felipe Calderon had sent the army throughout the country and targeted cartel leaders. Taken into custody by ground troops who had arrived to support the naval forces, Trevino Morales, known as "Zeta-40", was captured outside Nuevo Laredo, near the US border at dawn on Monday, with the detention carried out via helicopter, although the policy eliminated many senior criminal figures, it also created power vacuums that helped fuel the violence. "Three people in the truck were detained by the ground troops," government spokesman Eduardo Sanchez announced at a news conference. Not a single shot was fired," he said. The authorities say they acted after a surveillance operation lasting several months. The Zetas began as the enforcement arm of the Gulf Cartel, another powerful criminal gang. They were made up of defectors from an elite military unit and quickly became known for their brutality. Trevino Morales was unlike most of the Zetas because he was a civilian who worked his way up through the ranks. The Zetas split from the Gulf cartel in 2010, sparking brutal turf wars across northern Mexico. By 2012, they were reputed to be the largest and most powerful cartel. But expert Alejandro Hope says the arrest is another step towards the destruction of the Zetas as a coherent organisation. "There will still be people who call themselves Zetas, bands of individuals who maintain the same modus operandi," said Mr Hope, a former member of Mexico's domestic intelligence service. Analysts say Trevino Morales' younger brother, Omar, has been one of his closest lieutenants and may try to position himself as successor. The BBC's Will Grant in Mexico City says the authorities fear that the arrest could lead to a period of in-fighting between different Zeta factions. Trevino Morales is believed to be responsible for ordering two notorious attacks on migrants from other Latin American countries. In 2010, he allegedly ordered the torture and murder of 72 Central American migrants as punishment for their refusal to act as drugs mules. A year later, he apparently oversaw the massacre of almost 200 immigrants for similar reasons. Before he became the group's overall leader, Trevino Morales co-ordinated the gang's important Nuevo Laredo drug corridor into the US, the region in which he was finally apprehended. He is also believed to have controlled a squad of killers who operated in the US state of Texas. The US authorities had offered $5m reward for any information leading to his capture, making him one of the world's most-wanted drug traffickers.
Two ambulances were dispatched to the scene after an emergency call was received at 10:40pm on Tuesday night, as indicated by a statement from the ambulance service, when the man fell ill at the Flying Duck in Renfield Street. " A police spokeswoman said: "Emergency services attended but the man subsequently died. " The man's death is not being treated as suspicious.
When police checked a car on Tuesday one person was found hidden in the dashboard and another in the hollowed-out back seat. The man and woman, thought to be Guineans, received first aid as they had had little air to breathe. Separately, a young African man was found hidden in a woman's suitcase. That incident happened on 30 December and again the man - believed to be from Gabon - required urgent medical attention. A 22-year-old Moroccan woman had tried to smuggle him into Ceuta, but customs officers ordered her to open the case, which was tied to a trolley. The incidents coincided with a mass attempt by sub-Saharan Africans to storm the 6m (20ft) border fence separating Ceuta from Morocco. Fifty Moroccan and five Spanish border guards were injured when 1,100 migrants tried to get over the fence on Sunday. None managed to get through, but two people were injured scaling the fence and were taken to hospital in Ceuta. One guard lost an eye, officials said. More than 400 African migrants were involved in a similar assault on 9 December. There have been numerous such attempts by sub-Saharan Africans residing illegally in Morocco, all of whom are desperate to reach Europe. Melilla - Spain's other North African enclave - is similarly targeted by migrants. Hiding behind a car engine, a Guinea migrant is smuggled to Spain in a suitcase. The enclaves are Europe's only land borders in Africa. Most migrants are intercepted and returned to Morocco, while those who make it over the fences are eventually repatriated or released.
Ebosse, who was 24, was declared dead after being taken to hospital in Tizi Ouzou, east of the capital Algiers. The JS Kabylie striker, who had scored in a 2-1 home defeat by USM Alger, was hit when spectators started throwing objects from the stands as the teams left the pitch at full-time. The Algerian interior ministry has ordered an investigation. Ebosse was the leading scorer in the Algerian league in the 2013-14 season, with 17 goals. It has not been confirmed what hit him, but one Algerian newspaper reported that home fans, angry at their team's defeat, were throwing rocks. A statement from Ebosse's club said he had "succumbed to a head injury" after being struck at the end of the match. Opponents USM Alger described the news of Ebosse's death as a "bombshell" and said it was "terrible" and "saddening". A special meeting of the Algerian league (LFP) has been convened for Monday morning and the stadium has been closed until further notice. The league's president, Mahfoud Kerbadj, was at the game. He described Ebosse's death as a catastrophe for the national game and sent his heartfelt condolences to the player's family. Kerbadj added that Ebosse had won the hearts of thousands of Algerians and was highly regarded by both team-mates and opponents. The president of the Confederation of African Football, Issa Hayatou, issued a statement condemning the violence. "My thoughts go out to the family and friends of this young man who enjoyed his job peacefully and went further to pursue his passion for football abroad," wrote Hayatou. Sanctions must be imposed for this serious act of violence, he emphasized that African football must not be a breeding ground for hooliganism in any way. ".
Jeanine Christelle Djomnang, 26, became ill before a Femina Stars Ebolowa match in southern Cameroon on Sunday, and died on her way to hospital. Awaiting a medical report, the federation says initial reports suggest she died of a heart attack. Following the death of Cameroon player Patrick Ekeng in Romania, Djomnang complained of chest pains while getting ready to play against Louves MINPROFF Yaounde in the Cameroon elite league and was subsequently taken to the hospital. Cameroon's African Women Footballer of the Year Gaelle Enganamouit, who now plays in Sweden, was one of the first to react to the news. "It's with sadness that I have learnt of the death of my team-mate Djomnang Jeanine Christelle of Femina Stars Ebolowa, may her soul rest in peace," she wrote on social media. On Friday, it was confirmed that Dinamo Bucharest and Cameroon midfielder Patrick Ekeng had died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack after collapsing on the pitch. Later in the hospital, he died after falling to the floor in the 70th minute of a televised Romanian league match between Dinamo and Viitorul. A book of condolence has been opened at the Cameroon Football Federation headquarters for both Ekeng and Djomanang.
His strong rhetoric against the United States and Israel and unbending stance on Iran's nuclear programme has proved popular at home but has enraged the West. In 2009, international criticism intensified when his re-election caused his country's worst political unrest since the 1979 Islamic Revolution. The results, disputed by defeated reformists and moderates who demanded a rerun, led to violent anti-government protests. They were crushed but a deep rift was left within Iran's political and clerical elite. Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the final say in matters of state, declared the vote valid so that Mr Ahmadinejad could be sworn in for a second term. The president is among a younger generation of lay politicians who are fiercely loyal to him. The son of a blacksmith, Mr Ahmadinejad was born in 1956 in Garmsar, near Tehran, and holds a PhD in traffic and transport from Tehran's University of Science and Technology, where he was a lecturer. He was not well-known when he was appointed mayor of Tehran in 2003. While running the city he reduced social freedoms and curtailed many of the reforms introduced by more moderate figures who ran the city before him. His rise to power and landslide victory in 2005 surprised the international community, which anticipated a win for the incumbent president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. There has been confusion about Mr Ahmadinejad's role in the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Several of the 52 Americans who were held hostage in the US embassy in the months after the revolution say they are certain Mr Ahmadinejad was among those who captured them. He insists he was not there, and several known hostage-takers - now his strong political opponents - deny he was with them. His website says he joined the Revolutionary Guards voluntarily after the revolution, and he is also reported to have served in covert operations during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war. Mr Ahmadinejad reportedly spent no money on his first presidential campaign in 2005 - but he was backed by powerful conservatives who used their network of mosques to mobilise support for him. He also had the support of a group of younger, second-generation revolutionaries known as the Abadgaran, or Developers, who are strong in the Iranian parliament, the Majlis. The campaign focused on poverty, social justice and the distribution of wealth inside Iran. He also repeatedly defended his country's nuclear programme, which worried the US and European Union. Once in power, Mr Ahmadinejad made a defiant speech at the UN on the nuclear issue and refused to back down on Tehran's decision to resume uranium conversion. He continues to defend what he says is his country's right to civilian nuclear energy and its missile development programme. In June 2010 when the UN Security Council voted in favour of fresh sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme, he said they should be thrown in the dustbin like a "used handkerchief". Iran blames political pressure from the US and its allies for Security Council decisions. It insists it will not break its obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and will not use its technology to make a nuclear bomb. Mr Ahmadinejad has also angered Western powers with his views on Israel. He has called for an end to the Israeli state and has described the Holocaust as a myth. Mr Ahmadinejad made a statement in October 2005, envisioning the replacement of Israel with a Palestinian state. He was quoting Ayatollah Khomeini, the leader of Iran's Islamic Revolution, and his words were widely translated as a call for Israel to be "wiped off the map", though this translation is disputed. That was quickly interpreted by Western news agencies as an oblique threat to Israel. Mr Ahmadinejad has since stated that his speech was exaggerated and misinterpreted. He denied that he meant military intervention and said instead that Israel's "Zionist regime" would eventually collapse on its own. During a speech at the UN in April 2009, he commented that Israel was a state founded on racist principles, an outburst that prompted a walk-out by delegates from at least 30 countries but earned him a hero's welcome on his return home. Mr Ahmadinejad has made some small-scale concessions to moderates since 2005. He often speaks of women as being at the heart of Iranian society. He talks of empowering them and makes much of his plan to provide insurance for housewives and share Iran's oil wealth with poorer families. He said he would not be confrontational in enforcing a campaign in Tehran to insist women obeyed Iran's strict Islamic dress codes and has also allowed women into major sporting events for the first time since 1979. Mr Ahmadinejad maintains a populist streak, calling his personal website Mardomyar, or the People's Friend. He also has a reputation for living a simple life and has campaigned against corruption.
McClaren, who, in 28 Premier League matches, led the Magpies to six wins, was replaced by Benitez in March, but the Spaniard could not prevent them from being relegated to the Championship. "I conceded too much, especially early on, instead of saying 'we need this and this'," McClaren told BBC Radio 5 live. "I hope they've allowed [Benitez] control of everything. " He added: "Listen to him, this is what he wants, these are his requirements, this is the team he needs to make. " Newcastle sat 19th in the table when McClaren departed, with a 3-1 home defeat by Bournemouth his final match in charge. Said the former England, Derby, and FC Twente manager, "The error I made was compromising too much. I aimed to slowly gain more control by achieving sufficient results on the field. " But I think you have to be domineering as you go in, you have to make sure you get what you want. " The 54-year old is confident the Magpies have learnt from his experience and will afford Benitez greater control as he bids to return Newcastle to the top flight. "I think now with Rafa being in there he will be allowed to take control of media, of staff, and of recruitment - which is the most important thing," he said. "You have to make sure that you work together to establish what you want, what you're comfortable working with. ".
Unais Gomes is said to have been attacked during a shamanic ceremony, which involved drinking the plant brew, near the city of Iquitos. A Canadian man, who was also taking part in the ritual, has been arrested. Reports suggested he may have acted in self-defence, police said. The Foreign Office confirmed a British national had died in Peru on Wednesday. An alternative health centre in the Amazonian jungle, Phoenix Ayahuasca is said to be where the incident happened. It describes itself as a "safe and supportive place to experience plant medicines and explore the true nature of the self. Local police chief Normando Marques told Reuters that witnesses informed police that Mr Gomes, thought to be 26, was attacked by Canadian national Joshua Andrew Freeman Stevens, 29, who allegedly stabbed him in self-defence. Another police source told the agency that Mr Gomes had allegedly used a knife from the health centre's kitchen to attack the Canadian man before being stabbed with the same weapon. A Foreign Office spokeswoman said: "We can confirm the death of a British national in Peru on 16 December 2015. At this difficult time, we stand ready to provide consular assistance to the family and are in contact with the local authorities. DMT is illegal in the UK, the US, and many other countries, which means that ayahuasca is also prohibited. Its effects can lead users to experience distorted views of objects or even actual hallucinations. Scientific evidence of the clinical benefits of ayahuasca is limited but advocates say it has become increasingly popular as a tool to treat post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression, and addictions. Ayahuasca could have serious implications for somebody who has a history of mental health problems, warns the Talk To Frank drug advice website. It can also trigger these problems in those who are predisposed, but unaware of it.
Ross Allum scored twice in two minutes to give the SPFL newcomers a surprise lead but the Premiership side hit back to prevail 4-2. Highland League Cove Rangers dished out a 3-0 lesson to Montrose, leapfrogging the League Two side in Group D. Cowdenbeath picked up their first points of the competition with a 2-0 win over Arbroath. Last season's Lowland League champions were 2-0 up after 19 minutes thanks to striker Allum. Restoring parity at Meadowbank, Ali Crawford and Alex D'Acol made it four goals inside nine minutes. A long-range free-kick was hammered in by Crawford, and D'Acol was on hand to steer home a deflected Louis Longridge strike. Teenage defender Jordan McGregor netted his first senior goal on 66 minutes, diverting in a low delivery from Longridge and Dougie Imrie slammed a penalty high into the net after a foul on Grant Gillespie. Hamilton, with a superior goal difference to Ayr United, are now second in Group G, three points behind the leaders who have completed their four matches. The Accies will be hosting Livingston on Saturday, while St Mirren are at home to City, aiming for a big win that could potentially take them to the top of the section. Cowdenbeath moved off the foot of Group C thanks to first-half goals from Craig Johnston and Bulgarian teenager Nikolay Todorov, who signed on loan from Hearts earlier in the day. After the interval, hopes of an Arbroath comeback were extinguished by David McGurn saving a Steven Doris penalty. Montrose endured a chastening loss at the home of the Highland League champions, with Stuart Walker, Mitch Megginson, and Daniel Park finding the target.
The software shares the cards with the virus's creators who then join the same game and try to fleece the victim. The sneaky malware has been found lurking in software designed to help poker fans play better, said the security firm that found it. The software also targets other useful information on a victim's computer such as login names and passwords. The malware targets players of the Pokerstars and Full Tilt Poker sites, said Robert Lipovsky, a security researcher at Eset, in a blogpost. The software, when infecting a machine, monitors the PC's activity and springs to life as soon as a victim logs in to one of the two poker sites, capturing screenshots of their activity and the cards they receive. Screenshots are then sent to the attacker. The images show the hand the player has been dealt as well as their player ID. This, said Eset, allows the attacker to search the sites for that player and join their game. Mr, using information about a victim's hand provides the attacker with a significant advantage. Lipovsky wrote that they are uncertain if the perpetrator is playing the games manually or using some automated method. Eset discovered the Windows malware hiding in various popular file-sharing applications, PC utilities, as well as multiple widely used poker calculators and player databases. Eset said the spyware had been active for several months and most victims were in Eastern Europe, particularly Russia and the Ukraine.
Syme, who is 18 years old and has agreed to a one-year contract, had been transfer-listed by Kilmarnock. Devine, who had spent three seasons with Caley Thistle, signed for two years. Inverness manager Richie Foran said of the Northern Irish 23-year-old: "We made Danny our best offer to extend his stay with us in the Highlands. After leaving Fleetwood Town, Devine joined Caley Thistle and was a near ever-present last season, playing 45 times. Midfielders Danny Williams and James Vincent also rejected new contracts and accepted offers from top-flight rivals Dundee before Foran succeeded John Hughes as manager. Striker Miles Storey, who had been on loan from Swindon Town, preferred to join Aberdeen on a permanent contract. However, Foran has strengthened his attacking options by signing Scott Boden after the striker left Newport County. The arrival of Devine and Syme at Firhill means that Thistle have signed three players in two days, with striker Ade Azeez having agreed a switch from Wimbledon to Glasgow. Dundee United midfielder Chris Erskine has previously announced that he will be returning to Maryhill for a third stint after signing a pre-contract earlier this year. Syme made six appearances for Kilmarnock in the last campaign, but his season was cut short by injury in January and he did not play under Lee Clark after the Englishman succeeded Gary Locke as manager. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Later this year, the 19th Century property, closed for 25 years, is set to reopen after undergoing a renovation. Kenman Holdings Limited, a company with several properties in the town, asserts that public funds were used to develop the privately-run apartments. Western Isles Council - Comhairle nan Eilean Siar - denies the allegation. The comhairle stated that any legal challenge raised in the Court of Session in Edinburgh would be strongly contested. Lews Castle, constructed in 1847 for James Matheson, who made his fortune from the opium trade. Under a project led by the comhairle and costing £13, opium exported from China and India was frequently blended with tobacco by smokers. 5m. Most of the property has been turned into a museum and archive.
At Friday's opening ceremony, he played a leading role in the winning bid and carried the Olympic flame by speedboat. "The excitement building throughout the city is incredible," said Beckham, 37. "To have an Olympic Games in London is amazing but to have it in an area where I grew up, I'm very proud to have been part of that for the last eight years. " Media playback is not supported on this device Beckham, England's most-capped outfield player with 115 appearances, added: "I think we are all ready now. " His hopes of competing at the Games were ended when Stuart Pearce did not select him for Great Britain's football team, although he insists the pain of his omission will not stop him enjoying the Olympics. "I made it very clear that I'm very disappointed and people around me like my family and friends know how hard it was not being involved," he explained. "But I've always been a fan of the Olympics and I always said before it was announced that if I wasn't in the team that I would be here as a fan, I would be here to watch the rest of the athletes perform and that's where I'll be. " GB drew their opening game of the Olympics 1-1 with Senegal and will face UAE in their next game on Sunday. "I haven't spoken to anyone [after the game on Thursday]," Beckham said. With a big game on Sunday, it's just one of those things where I'm sure the players will be ready, but there are quite a few things happening before that. Beckham, a former England captain, will return to play for his club side LA Galaxy during the Olympics but will be back in England before London 2012 is over. He added: "Our season continues throughout the Games and the summer. "I go back next week and then come back just before the closing ceremony. Hopefully, I am going to be able to get to as many events as possible. ".
The 24 year-old midfielder has made only five substitute appearances due to injury since his move from Hibernian in August. And after coming off the bench in the club's last three fixtures he feels the time is now right for him to start. "Obviously the gaffer has to give me the chance and hopefully if he does, I can repay him," said Allan. The talented midfielder made two appearances not long after joining at the end of August. However, it was the 21 November, in the goalless draw against Kilmarnock at Celtic Park, before he was seen on the pitch again in a first team match. Allan now has an opportunity to push for a place in manager Ronny Deila's starting line-up with Scott Brown and Charlie Mulgrew injured. "I knew when I was coming here I needed to be patient," said Allan. "I said that time and time again that I need to work hard and improve my game. "I said it would be probably around this time that I would start making an impact if I added things to my game. Obviously I got on in the last three games so I can try and get a start soon. As he joined his team mates at Glasgow's new Royal Hospital for Children, Allan was speaking while handing out gifts from the club and a donation of £3,000 to assist the work of the Yorkhill Children's Charity. "I obviously got a setback with the six week injury - so that wasn't ideal at the time," he said. "But I've come back worked hard on the training pitch and been given the chance to try and prove what I can give in a Celtic shirt. "Obviously with a few players out with injuries there are a few spaces available, so given the chance I just need to try and make it my own. "I'm just happy to be getting on the park and hopefully I can turn that into some starts. Considering I hadn't played as much, I'm feeling good fitness wise, but the intensity in training gives me a good fitness level to go in and play. "When I came here I knew I would have to improve defensively which I've tried to add to my game. That means getting a really good work ethic about my game when we lose the ball, but for me I like to go out and try to create chances so hopefully I can do that. " Allan was used as a substitute in the match against Ajax last week which killed off Celtic's chances of progressing to the knock out stages of the Europa League. However, he could make his first European start in the final group match against Fenerbahce on Thursday. He said: "I'd just take the Hamilton game as the first game and if I do well then we'll see what happens if given the chance. ".
The case puts the spotlight on the many debates and court cases in Europe over the wearing of veils by Muslim women - and the differences from one country to the next. Muslims are certainly not the only ones affected by restrictions on religious dress codes. Less numerous and contentious than those involving Muslim veils have been cases where Sikhs have had to fight in court for the right to wear a turban in schools and at work, and Christians have claimed a right to wear chastity rings in schools and crucifixes at work. The reason may lie in the fact that the increasing use of these veils in Europe has been interpreted by some as an attack on the national identity of some European countries, on Western notions of gender equality, and on a desirable degree of separation between state and religion. Those keen on generally retaining the right to wear a veil counter-argue, among other things, that law and society should protect religious freedom, multiculturalism, and the rights of religious and ethnic minorities. Which countries have bans? There is a great degree of variation across Europe on how the wearing of the veil is regulated. Since 2008, Turkey has allowed teachers and students at any educational institution to wear headscarves and in 2013 lifted rules banning women from wearing headscarves in the country's state institutions - with the exception of the judiciary, military and police. In 2004, France banned both teachers and pupils from wearing the veil in state schools, and public servants are also prohibited from wearing religious symbols. The wearing of full veils in public spaces was prohibited by France in 2010 and Belgium also banned the full veil in public spaces in 2011. Many other partial interdictions exist at regional level, and in relation to particular schools and work places, in accordance to national legal frameworks. Are there legal challenges taking place in some of those countries? The most famous challenges to bans on veils have involved Switzerland and Turkey, and have reached the European Court of Human Rights. The court found in Dahlab v Switzerland that a teacher in Switzerland was lawfully prohibited from wearing a veil, and similarly in Sahin v Turkey, the court accepted the prohibition to wear veils imposed on Turkish university students, although allowing states a broad Margin of Appreciation in deciding on these matters may be appropriate, the court was widely criticised for permitting such restrictions on religious clothes due to the contentious arguments it used. France's 2010 ban on full veils in public spaces has also been challenged at the European Court of Human Rights, and in 2014 the court held the ban to be lawful. In the UK, although there is no legal ban on any form of veil, the right to wear a veil may be restricted at work or in schools. This has been challenged in courts as discrimination on grounds of religion, for example, when some types of work have required uncovering the face or when school dress codes have limited the type of religious dress that can be used. Again, these challenges have been unsuccessful. Where has a ban been ruled out and why? In Germany, some states banned teachers from wearing veils in state schools and such bans were initially allowed. Yet, following a long string of court decisions, the German Federal Constitutional Court decided in 2015 that such bans are incompatible with the right to freedom of religion protected by the German Basic Law. In doing so, the court conceded that state religious neutrality does not necessarily entail that state school teachers be prohibited from wearing religious symbols. Other European countries, like the Netherlands and Switzerland, have debated the prohibition of the full veil in public spaces, but the necessary political majority has not been reached and proposals have been put aside for the time being. Do some people believe this is nothing to do with the state? While acknowledging that public security may justify some restrictions on full veils, many commentators argue that any restriction that goes beyond this narrow scope is potentially problematic and needs to be thoroughly justified. Excessive and poorly justified limits on religious dress codes tend to lead to greater social tensions and limitation to individual rights. This has to be thoroughly scrutinised to prevent a slippery slope of curtailing individual freedoms. Nuno Ferreira, a senior lecturer in law, has written on this subject for The Conversation.
The 66-year-old was a passenger in a Volkswagen Passat which hit a Peugeot 207 on the A90 at the Toll of Birness junction about 18:00 on Wednesday. An 18-year-old female front seat passenger of the Peugeot was said to be in a critical condition in hospital. The female driver of the car and two male rear seat passengers were seriously injured. All three are 18. The 70-year-old male driver of the Passat was also taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary following the accident. His injuries have been described as a serious but not life-threatening. Police have appealed for witnesses to the accident and also for any dash-mounted camera footage of the cars and the incident. Sgt Peter Henderson mentioned that their thoughts are with those involved and their families during this difficult time, as accident investigators examined the scene and closed the road for around nine hours. An investigation into the collision is currently ongoing. "In order to help establish what happened, I would urge anyone who may have seen either of the vehicles prior to the collision, or who saw the incident and has not yet come forward, to contact police on 101 as soon as possible. ".
The Oscar-winning star plays British scientist Rosalind Franklin, the only woman involved in the discovery of DNA's double helix in 1953. Anna Ziegler's play opened on Monday to a string of four-star reviews. Directed by Michael Grandage, it runs at the Noel Coward Theatre until 21 November. According to The Guardian, Kidman gives "a commanding, intelligent performance" in her first West End appearance in 17 years. "My only complaint about Anna Ziegler's intriguing, informative 95-minute play is that it is not longer," wrote Michael Billington. Praising Kidman's portrayal of the ecstasy of scientific discovery, Billington said her features "acquire a luminous intensity" as she stares at the now-famous photograph that reveals the DNA's helix pattern. "It is a fine performance in which Kidman reminds us that the scientific life can be informed by private passion," the review continued. When Kidman appeared, briefly unclothed, in Sir David Hare's The Blue Room at the Donmar Warehouse in 1998, her performance was famously described by the Daily Telegraph's Charles Spencer as "pure theatrical Viagra". Dominic Cavendish, Spencer's successor, was just as enthusiastic in his assessment of Photograph 51, stating that "Kidman once again demonstrates the ability to captivate us". "Even though her attire is modestly 1950s, the combination of her finely-tuned performance is truly mesmerizing," his four-star review went on to say. "Kidman is even better communicating a life of the mind than she was all those years ago allowing the briefest glimpse possible of her body," wrote The Arts Desk's Matt Wolf. Mark Shenton observed in The Stage that the actress may not "strip physically", but the emotional layers are gradually exposed no less revealingly. "Star power may have brought this play to the West End, but Nicole Kidman proves that she's worthy of the showcase." " "Kidman beautifully captures the prickly defensiveness, the lonely dedication and the suppressed emotional longings of the scientist," wrote The Independent's Paul Taylor, who praised her "compelling and subtle" performance. Yet while Neil Norman found Kidman "never less than watchable", the Daily Express critic said the evening was "let down by Michael Grandage's spectacularly unimaginative direction". "If ever a production was crying out for some technical flair in the design, this is it," he continued. Writing in the Hollywood Reporter, Stephen Dalton observed that Photograph 51 "is already heavily booked for much of its three-month run". It is, he suggested, "a testament to celebrity power more than to strong writing or great directing", calling Grandage's production "a worthy effort but a little passionless".
The 23-year-old spent time on loan at Charlton earlier this season and has had previous stints at Cardiff, Brentford and Scunthorpe. "Last summer, Conor is someone we were looking at," boss Gary Caldwell told the club website. He is the Latics seventh signing in the January transfer window. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
The woman said she had been at a nightclub opposite the restaurant in Albion Street in Leeds and was barred when she went to get food. The 999 call handler was told by her: "After being told I was too drunk to go in by McDonald's for only having two drinks, I would like to request a police officer please. " The call handler responded that it was a matter for McDonald's and not the police. "It's not an emergency call, we won't be attending. Goodbye," he added. Handling about 1,000 calls a day is Tom Donohoe, from West Yorkshire Police's contact centre. He pointed out that by blocking our lines with non-emergency matters, or even non-police matters, someone could potentially be causing delays in our response time to actual emergencies. He emphasized the importance of using the 999 number for emergencies only. " A McDonald's spokesperson said: "Our first priority is to ensure our restaurants are safe and welcoming for both our customers and employees. "In this instance, entry to our St John's Centre restaurant was restricted due to the inappropriate behaviour the individual was displaying. "This is not a matter for the police and nor is the individual banned from our restaurant. ".
Stearman's strike, bolstered by Andreas Weimann's killer second just before the break, set up Wolves' 2-1 fourth-round win over under-strength Liverpool. Stunned at just getting an early opportunity, the 29-year-old says it was right on his head. When it came across I knew I was in with a very good chance," he told BBC WM. "My eyes lit up as soon as Helder Costa put it in the box. To be 1-0 up inside a minute was incredible. " Weimann, scorer of Wolves' second goal on his full debut for Wolves was part of the last Paul Lambert side to beat Liverpool at Anfield, also scoring in Aston Villa's 3-1 victory in December 2012. And the sense of a big occasion, culminating in the post-match celebratory Icelandic clap to the euphoric away fans at the Anfield Road End, would have brought back golden summer Euro 2016 memories for two of Wolves' internationals, Wales midfielder Dave Edwards and Iceland striker Jan Dadi Bodvarsson. Wolves are a young side, however, and the key message at Anfield from Stearman and Wolves' 30-year-old skipper Dave Edwards was to make the most of it and enjoy their big day. "Me and Eddo made a point of telling the boys: 'It's not often we're going to be here, suck it up, and enjoy the day'," added Stearman. "And, in the dressing room after the game we were going round saying: 'Remember this feeling as it's not going to come around too often'. "Their fans weren't too happy with their team. But we limited them to shots from distance and, when they brought on their big hitters, we handled it well. We had a game plan and it worked. " Wolves are hoping to complete a permanent deal for Helder Costa in the next 48 hours, reports BBC WM. On loan for the season from Benfica, the Portuguese winger has a sole option for Wolves to buy him outright during the current transfer window. The fee, which is expected to be about £13m payable to the Portuguese Primeira Liga leaders, would nearly double Wolves' existing transfer record - the reported £7m paid to Monaco for Ivan Cavaleiro in August 2016.
At around 04:15 on Sunday, a white Volkswagen Tiguan and a black Volkswagen Polo parked in Antonine Gardens were found on fire. Det Con Scott McBride, from Police Scotland, stated that at 23:45 a man in a grey hooded top with the hood up was observed throwing an object into the car, causing the red Vauxhall Astra parked on Second Avenue to ignite. "Our inquiries are at an early stage and at this time we have not established a motive or anything to link the incidents which left the three cars extensively damaged," he added. "I would like to speak to anyone who has any information that could assist in our inquiries to track down the person or persons responsible for these acts of wilful fire raising. ".
The Valais blacknose is so unusual most farmers outside the Alpine nation were not aware of the breed until recently. But its distinctive looks, which have seen it called the cutest sheep in the world, has seen the breed's popularity rise and there are now about 400 in the UK. The show is being held at Harrison and Hetherington Cattle Market. Jamie Wood, who has about 60 blacknoses on his farm at Whittingham which is also home to 3,000 other sheep and 200 cattle, said the Swiss have been rearing the breed for about 300 years. The Northumberland farmer said: "No-one outside of Switzerland knew these sheep even existed until two years ago because they spend the winter months inside and the summer living above glaciers in the Swiss mountains. Seeing a picture of one on Facebook, which was shared millions of times, I was left wondering what on earth it was. I just had to get one. Saying that the blacknose is a very iconic animal for them, he mentioned that they are very patriotic about it and do not want to see the breed diminished. Due to being reared only by hand, they are a very kind breed, very good-natured, and docile. Flown over especially to assess the British Valais blacknoses, seven Swiss judges have been brought in for the event to showcase the breed and also provide a grade in the UK for the animals to be judged against. Mr Wood said: "It is all about how they look, this is not an animal for commercial farming, it is a real speciality. To be considered perfect, the blacknose should have a completely black face extending to the ears, as well as two black patches on their knees and hocks. Their wool should also be flawless, as it is truly remarkable.
Caernarfon of the Cymru Alliance face Welsh Premier League side Bala in Saturday's semi-final at Rhyl's Corbett Sport Stadium bidding to reach the final for the first time. And the 25-year-old midfielder will be hoping to achieve success with his hometown club - 13 years after first gaining national recognition for his footballing talent on TV. Aged 12, he won a soccer skills competition on BBC's Football Focus in 2004, winning with tickets to that year's European Championship final in Portugal. "I entered doing skills for about 30 to 45 seconds," Craig recalls. "I got a phone call one Saturday telling me 'make sure you're watching BBC One in the next half hour and we'll call you back'. "I was watching the TV and announced not only had I won my own under-12 category but had won overall and won two tickets to the Euro 2004 final between Portugal and Greece. " Five years later and by now a young player at Everton, Craig was a guest at another high-profile final. He was part of the Toffees' official party for the FA Cup final against Chelsea at Wembley, which the David Moyes' side lost 2-1. "That was a fantastic day and I can remember like it was yesterday," he added. "Those experiences will always be with me and there's nothing better than being involved in a final. " Craig spent seven years at Everton having previously been on the books of Manchester City. "Everton were doing well at the time and training alongside the likes of Steven Pienaar and Louis Saha was a great experience," he recalls. "Ross Barkley was a year below but he was always stepping up to play with our age group or the year above, which included Jack Rodwell. "There was a good bunch of lads growing up and I was involved in Seamus Coleman's first game for the club. " Craig made his one and only first team appearance as a substitute against BATE Borisov in a Europa League group game in December 2009. He came on for the final nine minutes of a game which Everton lost 1-0 to the Belarussian side but cherishes the memory to this day. "The day before on the Wednesday, because we were on a scholarship, we were in the local school doing our BTEC Sport and I got a phone call saying I was in the squad. "I was a bit shocked and thought I'd miss out on being on the bench because there were so many players there. "But to turn up at Goodison and to see my name on the shirt hanging on the wall is something I will never forget. "Nobody can take away from me the fact I made my first team debut. " Craig was released by Everton in the summer of 2011 and had a stint with Caernarfon Town before eventually joining Torquay United. With the Plainmoor for two years, he had his contract terminated after the Devon club's relegation to the Conference resulted in wages being cut. "I decided to think about number one and came back home to enjoy playing football week in, week out," Craig said on leaving Torquay and signing once again for Caernarfon. "Lucky I got that with Caernarfon and secured a job with Football in the Community as well. "Caernarfon is very close to my heart. I grew up living about a minute's walk from the ground and remember being a ball boy there when I was a youngster. " Caernarfon won the second-tier Cymru Alliance title in 2015-16 but were denied promotion to the Welsh Premier League after being refused a Domestic Licence by the Football Association of Wales. "It was a massive disappointment for everyone involved with the club and a big dampener on our season," Craig added. "The most important thing was everyone staying together. "It just shows the respect we have for the manager Iwan Williams because everyone decided to stay together and to try and build what we achieved last season. "The thing that the supporters have loved with Iwan is that he brings that local feel to the club. He's brought the one club ethos to the club. "You could see him on a random night where he turns up at the academy and helps out with the youngsters coming through and they can can see that the first team manager is there watching. "Caernarfon is a footballing town and the club has always had a massive following. " Although they have missed out on this season's Cymru Alliance title - Prestatyn have already been crowned champions - Caernarfon are now chasing success in the Welsh Cup. Caernarfon have reached their first Welsh Cup semi-final since 1988 and have accounted for Welsh Premier sides Carmarthen Town and Rhyl along the way. Saying that it's been a memorable cup run, the former Wales Under-21 international expressed hope to turn two wins into three. "We've got to be ruthless because Bala will be another level, but we'll make sure that we do everything to make sure we have every chance to beat them." " Welsh Cup Semi-finals - Saturday, 1 April Gap Connah's Quay v The New Saints (Bangor University Stadium; Kick-off: 14:30 BST) Caernarfon Town v Bala Town (Corbett Sports Stadium, Rhyl; Kick-off: 17:15 BST).
John McGinn, 56, saved the girl, whom he knew, from a fire at her house in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire, in 1994. The now-retired firefighter later raped her and threatened to kill her mother if she told anyone. The girl, now aged 30, later contacted police. An investigation of McGinn's past led to him being convicted of six charges against the girl and others. McGinn was back at the High Court in Glasgow for sentencing having been convicted of the charges in June. The case, however, was adjourned until later this month. McGinn denied raping the young girl when he was arrested by police, earlier the court heard. He told detectives: "It's a downright lie - it did not happen." No chance. For her to come out with that is ridiculous. I would rather put a bullet in my own head than be a paedophile. " He added: "Hanging is too good for a paedophile. " McGinn, from Bellshill, claimed the victim had previously tried to blackmail him as she knew he had a lucrative fire brigade pension. He claimed the rape allegation was payback for not giving her money. The jury heard, however, that McGinn had assaulted another young girl and given her sweets and juice to keep her quiet. The court also heard from a woman, aged 50, who had lived with McGinn in the Bellshill area, in the 1980s. She said she had suffered years of sexual and physical violence from him and described McGinn as "monster". The woman told the court that she was repeatedly raped by McGinn and had eventually snapped and chased him with a knife after he tied her to a bed and sexually assaulted her.
Natasha Baker's lines of communication are more tenuous. "I can't use my legs at all when I ride so I have to talk to my horses to get them going," the woman nicknamed 'the Horse Whisperer' told the Daily Mirror. "I can make the smallest of noises and they know what I want them to do. " Find out how to get into disability sport with our special guide. After contracting transverse myelitis, a virus that damages the spine, at the age of 14 months, she has permanent nerve damage and weakness in her legs. However through her voice and tiny changes in her seat position, the 26-year-old from Hammersmith can guide half a tonne of equine flesh and blood around the parade ring. And in some style. Back at the London 2012 Paralympics, Baker and mount Cabral won double gold. Baker cannot remember life without her condition. And does not want to imagine a future without it either. "I never knew what it was like to walk normally or to be able to run," she added. "It has affected my whole life but in a positive way. If I didn't have this disability I wouldn't be sitting here in Rio. I feel so privileged to be in the position I am. I wouldn't want it any other way. "If somebody came over to me tomorrow and said: 'We've got a cure for your disability,' I wouldn't take it. Sitting on a horse for the first time at six months old, Baker grew up around them on a farm. After watching the 2000 Games in Sydney, she decided she wanted to be a para-dressage rider. Joining forces with Cabral in 2009, she originally planned to train up stable-mate Bam Bam after London 2012. However, the pair have remained together to defend their titles in Rio. So far, so good on that front. In the dressage team event on Tuesday, Baker calmed an initially spooked Cabral to coax him to a class-topping score of 71. 882%. On Thursday she followed up her success in London by winning her second individual Paralympic gold on board Cabral.
The rate was a small increase on May's figure of 5. 6%. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said that prices went up in all areas, apart from Scotland. The rise is against the longer-term trend, which has seen house price inflation gradually falling since it peaked at 12% last September. However, Land Registry data suggested slowing prices in England and Wales. According to the ONS, the average price for a house or flat rose to a record high of Â£277,000 in June. Yet its figures indicated that across the UK, annual house price inflation varied widely: One reason for the continuing rise in prices was strong demand coupled with weak supply, the ONS said. That was particularly true in Northern Ireland, where prices are still well below the pre-downturn peak in 2007. Earlier this week the ONS reported that house building across the UK rose by 4. 6% over the last year, the lowest annual growth rate since March 2013. Separately, the Land Registry reported that property prices in England and Wales rose by 4. 6% in the year to July, down from 5. 4% in June. But measured on a monthly basis, it said prices rose by 1. 7%, one of the fastest increases since 2004. Its figures include cash sales, which make up roughly a third of the market. Further details will be published later in the month. Housing charity Shelter said the ONS figures showed that the average price of a property had risen by Â£12,000 in the past year, pricing even more people out of the market. It appealed to the government to build more homes. Last week, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) reported that the number of homes for sale had sunk to a record low. The accountancy firm PwC said many more people would be forced to rent, rather than buy, their homes in the years ahead. By 2025, Richard Snook, a senior economist with PwC, predicts that there will be more private renters than individuals owning a home with a mortgage. Current statistics show that house prices are rising at a pace more than double that of average earnings, further straining affordability for buyers. ".
In the early hours of Wednesday, Ewelina Zimnicka and her husband Jaroslaw found themselves stuck in traffic in Ponders End while on their way to the hospital. Despite calling for an ambulance, it was fireman Ross McLaren who ended up delivering the baby in the back of the couple's car before paramedics could arrive. Mrs Zimnicka said she was surprised her son Antoni arrived so quickly. "When I went into labour at home I thought I had a lot of time as my first baby's labour had taken a long time. But then the contractions started coming quicker and I told my husband we had better go," she said. "We set off in the car but we got stuck in traffic almost straight away because of a fire. Both ends of the road were sealed off and there were fire engines all around us. My husband rushed out of the car and told police we needed help. Arriving just in time to cut the cord, the ambulance crew helped me as the baby was born, with the fire brigade putting a barrier around us. He was healthy and he cried almost straight away. The firemen were excellent, I can't thank them and the ambulance crew enough. " Mr McLaren said when he arrived to help, the infant's head was already visible. He was helped by colleague Richard Hall. Amanda Salmon, of London Ambulance Service, said: "Mum was holding the baby when I arrived. The cord hadn't been cut yet so I did that. " Mr McLaren, who has been a firefighter for 15 years, said he had no first aid training but his wife watched the TV programme One Born Every Minute. "It has definitely been one of the highlights of my career and it's not something I ever expected that I would do in my life," he said. "Someone said to me the other day that as firefighters we usually enter people's lives at their worst moments, so being there at such a joyful occasion makes a nice change. ".
A team of scientists from Switzerland, America and the UK teamed up to research the eating habits of certain species of spider. They discovered that spiders from 10 different families were eating nectar, sap, honeydew, leaves, pollen and seeds from things like weeds, shrubs, trees, grasses, ferns and orchids. The spiders in the jumping spider family, known as 'Salticidae', were the ones that consumed the most plants. Martin Nyffeler, the lead scientist from the University of Basel, believes that the spiders eat plants to prevent themselves from going hungry during insect shortages and to obtain a variety of nutrients from their food.
Zeid Raad Al Hussein said bodies were being found in buildings where IS had reportedly held people as human shields and were later targeted in air strikes. He urged the coalition to avoid such "traps" and abide by international law. Amnesty International has accused the coalition of failing to take adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths. The human rights group reported earlier on Tuesday that it had found evidence on the ground in Mosul pointing to an "alarming pattern" of air strikes that had "destroyed whole houses with entire families inside". Coalition officials have so far not commented on the Amnesty report, but they have previously insisted they take all reasonable precautions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians. Iraqi pro-government forces launched an offensive to recapture the city - the last major IS urban stronghold in the country - five months ago. The coalition has supported the assault by carrying out hundreds of air strikes and by deploying military advisers and special forces personnel. Although more than 286,000 civilians living in the city have fled their homes during the fighting, many more have followed the Iraqi government's repeated instructions to stay put until they are reached by troops. Amnesty warned that any failure to take precautions to prevent civilian casualties would be "in flagrant violation of international humanitarian law", as the fact that residents were being told to remain at home meant the coalition had to know that air strikes were likely to result in civilian casualties. According to information verified by the UN, at least 307 people were killed and another 273 injured between 17 February, when the government launched an assault on the western half of Mosul, and 22 March. The deadliest incident occurred on 17 March, when an air strike - reportedly targeting IS snipers and equipment - hit a house in Jadida district. Witnesses reported that IS had previously forced at least 140 civilians into the house to be used as human shields. They also said IS had booby-trapped the house with improvised explosive devices (IEDs). Mr Zeid said that official figures so far indicated that at least 61 people were killed in the incident, but the actual figure may be much higher. The coalition has launched an investigation, with the US military stating that an air strike was likely carried out in the vicinity on that day after an initial review of data. The top US commander in Iraq admitted on Tuesday that the coalition "probably had a role" in the incident but still needed to carry out further assessments. "My initial impression is the enemy had a hand in this. And there's also a fair chance that our strike had some role in it," he told a Pentagon briefing. However, the Iraqi military has said its experts inspected the site and found no evidence of an air strike. Instead, they saw the remains of a "huge, detonated booby-trapped vehicle". The UN has also received numerous reports of IS snipers shooting at, and in some cases killing or wounding, civilians attempting to flee towards advancing troops, and also of IS shelling civilians in areas retaken by the government. "[IS]'s strategy of using children, men and women to shield themselves from attack is cowardly and disgraceful. It breaches the most basic standards of human dignity and morality," said Mr Zeid. "And shooting civilians in the back as they flee for their lives is an act of monstrous depravity. " But he stressed that conducting air strikes on IS locations in densely-populated areas, particularly given the clear indications that IS was using large numbers of civilians as human shields, might "potentially have a lethal and disproportionate impact on civilians".
No further details have been given by Wiltshire Police about the two individuals, who have been released on bail. The police probe, named Operation Conifer, began in 2015 after claims against Sir Edward surfaced. Safeguarding children and vulnerable adults who may be at risk of abuse today is also a goal, the force said. The former Conservative prime minister died at home in Salisbury in July 2005, aged 89. The Sir Edward Heath Charitable Foundation has said it is confident he would be cleared of any wrongdoing. Operation Conifer was set up after the Independent Police Complaints Commission began to probe alleged historical corruption. Information from a retired officer sparked concerns that Wiltshire Police deliberately caused a criminal prosecution against a suspected brothel keeper to fail in 1994. But earlier this year the IPCC said it had found no evidence the case dropped because she threatened to make allegations against Sir Edward.
The UK prime minister said he was a "step closer" to getting the reforms he wanted, which he will put to the British people in a referendum. He said it would be "pretty tight" to get a deal by February as he had hoped - but it would happen next year. His reform demands were trivial, according to Eurosceptics. Little of substance, Jeremy Corbyn said, would be secured in the next six weeks before EU leaders meet again. Mr Cameron is demanding change on four issues, including stopping in-work benefits for EU migrants in the UK for four years. He set them out in detail to fellow EU leaders in Brussels on Thursday night. Speaking to reporters earlier on Friday, he said the EU was "well on the way" to an agreement. But he warned that there were "difficulties" in a number of areas and a lot of hard work would be required between now and February, the date of the next European Council meeting, to "bring it home". "We've made good progress, we are a step closer to agreement on the significant and far-reaching reforms I have proposed," he said. "It is going to be tough and there is a lot of hard work to do. But I believe 2016 will be the year we achieve something really vital, fundamentally changing the UK's relationship with the EU and finally addressing the concerns of the British people about our membership. "Then it will be for the British people to decide whether we remain or leave. " Even after difficult talks, here was what seemed a new confidence from David Cameron that he can achieve a deal and then a public vote next year. He was careful to say the timetable might slip, acknowledging it is tight. But there is a new urgency. Read more from Laura The PM, who is known to favour a vote in 2016, would not be drawn on claims that next June was being targeted, saying that the substance of the negotiations were more important than the timing. Other EU leaders have expressed their desire to accommodate UK demands but only if core EU principles, including on the right to freedom of movement, are respected and not undermined. European Council president Donald Tusk said other countries were willing to look for compromises while German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she was "optimistic" agreement could be reached and enshrining the changes through treaty changes, a key UK demand, was conceivable. But UKIP leader Nigel Farage, who wants Britain out of the EU, said Mr Cameron "came, saw, and got hammered". And Vote Leave, one of the groups campaigning for the UK to leave the EU, said the UK's proposed curbs on migrants benefits was "tinkering" and wouldn't impact on levels on EU migration. "The renegotiation has amounted to little more than a smoke-and-mirrors exercise," said its chief executive Matthew Elliott. "David Cameron isn't offering the fundamental change he promised the British people. " And Mr Corbyn said a ban on EU migrants' benefits was potentially discriminatory and questioned whether it would discourage them from coming to the UK. "The amount paid to migrants is very, very small. They are paying tax like everyone else, they are entitled to those benefits in my view," he said. "If the government pursues this strategy to not allow them to access in work benefits it actually becomes very discriminatory, and therefore there is a legal problem about that. " Figures published on Friday showed the number of refugees and migrants who've entered Europe by land and sea this year has reached nearly one million. The International Organisation for Migration says 991,000 - more than four times the number for 2014. Q&A: What Britain wants from Europe Guide to the UK's planned in-out EU referendum BBC News EU referendum special report.
The Portuguese, 46, has been in charge of the Ibrox team for seven matches - the last two of which have been defeats by city rivals Celtic. Rangers are third in the Premiership following promotion last year but are 36 points adrift of champions Celtic. "I want players with character - I need players with that in my squad," Caixinha said on Rangers' Twitter feed. "The player plan I presented is realistic regarding to the situation. "I prefer having a smaller squad - like three goalkeepers and 22/23 outfield players. Let me tell you, that is not a small amount." "We know we have a massive job on our hands to rebuild the squad to the needs that we have identified. " Saturday's 5-1 home loss to Premiership winners Celtic dented Rangers' hopes of beating Aberdeen to the runners-up spot, despite the Dons losing to St Johnstone later that day. With four games remaining, Rangers are nine points behind second-placed Aberdeen. Rangers, who also suffered a defeat to Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final, will aim to return to winning form when they face Partick Thistle away on Sunday. Defender Clint Hill, 38, is among the Rangers players out of contract this summer and he said during the club's Friday media conference: "I hope next week I'll know my future. "I've made it clear if a contract offer is made, I'd be delighted to sign it. "It's not been a good season as a team, but personally I have loved my time here. I probably thought I'd be third or fourth choice defender. " Hill, who has made 30 appearances this season, joined the club during the same summer transfer window as Jordan Rossiter but the midfielder has played only six times this term due to injury. And Caixinha said: "Jordan Rossiter we hope can be with us for the start of pre-season. ".
Peter Metcalf was involved in defending the force against unlawful arrest claims after the 1984 Orgreave clash. He also played a key role in reviewing statements after Hillsborough. Deputy Chief Constable Peter Hayes and Assistant Chief Constable Walter Jackson are connected to both cases. The officers, who were involved in a review of the evidence after Orgreave and have links to Hillsborough, have both denied any wrongdoing. Mr Metcalf did not wish to comment on Orgreave when approached by the BBC. About 10,000 strikers and 5,000 police officers clashed at Orgreave coking plant in June 1984. Mr Hayes ordered a review of the way evidence had been gathered about Orgreave and was later involved in co-ordinating the force's evidence after the disaster at the Sheffield stadium. Mr Jackson was given the job of reviewing the Orgreave evidence and was at Hillsborough to watch the FA Cup semi-final after signing off the policing plan. The parallels between Hillsborough and Orgreave have been drawn before. Now evidence is starting to emerge showing the actual links, the names of people involved in the aftermath of both. There have been claims the way South Yorkshire Police conducted themselves after 'The Battle of Orgreave' fed into their response to the Hillsborough disaster. There have been growing calls for some form of investigation to fully understand what happened during the miners' strike and how that may have shown a culture within the South Yorkshire force that endured long after. But it should also be remembered these are very different incidents. Nobody died at Orgreave. Although miners were put on trial, the cases collapsed so there was no miscarriage of justice. That said, the miners have always carried a sense of injustice about what happened. Their calls for an inquiry now have the backing of some of the Hillsborough families. The decision of what happens next is in the hands of the home secretary. A note was left by Mr Metcalf stating that he had been informed about the misalignment of some police statements with the video evidence at Orgreave. His note also mentioned Mr Metcalfe saying that he had been informed of senior officers being unwilling to provide anything that could undermine the case. Last year, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said it had identified possible cases of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to Orgreave. However, the police watchdog decided an investigation was not in the public interest. Former miners' union president Arthur Scargill has called for an inquiry into the Battle of Orgreave disorder. More than 120 officers and pickets were injured and 93 people were arrested following clashes at the coking plant. Campaigners have called on Dave Jones, the interim chief constable of South Yorkshire Police, to open up the force's archives on Orgreave. The Orgreave Truth and Justice Campaign said it wanted Mr Jones to intervene in its legal bid to push Home Secretary Theresa May to hold a public inquiry. Mr Jones said he would "welcome an appropriate independent assessment of Orgreave". "The Hillsborough inquests have brought into sharp focus the need to understand and confront the past and give people the opportunity to explore the circumstances of such significant events," he said. In the aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster, police accounts of what happened were amended, in some cases to remove criticism of senior officers. In contrast to their professional training, police officers at Hillsborough were told not to record the day's events in their pocket books but to set down their "recollections". In an "unprecedented process of review and alteration", they were then edited by the force's lawyers before submission to the official inquiry.
Wood manager Luke Garrard told the club website that Mark, who was the Cards' captain, made 276 appearances and scored three times for the Surrey club after joining them in 2009, is a natural born leader at 31 years old. On our dedicated page, you can find all the latest football transfers, including a quality signing who is versatile and will provide us with valuable know-how in the middle of the park.
Across the Severn Bridge, Bristol has operated one of two major trauma centres (MTC) for the south west of England since 2012 - along with Derriford in Plymouth. It is estimated survival rates have improved by 30%. It started at the old Frenchay hospital before moving to the new Â£430m Southmead super-hospital  four miles away in 2014. A cluster of six other hospitals - including Bristol Royal Infirmary - operate as major trauma units in a network around it. Dr Ben Walton, consultant in intensive care medicine, said Southmead, one of 27 MTCs across England, is in line to take the most critical cases first - involving up to 1,500 patients a year, offering a consistency of service which was not possible before. "The feeling when these centres were first set up in London it would take five years to see improvements - we've seen it in 18 months," he said. If a patient was seriously injured in a road traffic collision or fell at home in the past, they would be taken to the nearest hospital with an emergency unit. Now, they will be transferred directly to the major trauma centre if they fulfil certain criteria and the assessment of the ambulance or pre-hospital doctor crew is that they're likely to have a serious injury, bypassing their nearest emergency department. " Dr Walton said the major trauma centre could gather together multiple specialists around the clock and deal with injuries which are often complex. "Patients are met by a trauma team which is 24/7, 365 days of the year and there will always be a senior clinician - a consultant - leading that team. "That's of benefit to patients and can't be provided at every hospital, it's impossible. " There is a flow of patients between the other trauma units and the MTC, depending on the seriousness of their condition and stage of their care. But Dr Walton said: "I think there's no doubt the rehabilitation of patients in our network is patchy. There's not a joined up, consistent service. " Major trauma also went beyond road crashes "people falling or being shot or stabbed". He added: "A significant proportion are elderly patients with complex, pre-existing medical needs who have had what you might see as an innocuous fall or injury. ".
On Thursday, the Bank stunned the markets by keeping interest rates on hold, following speculation that it would cut rates from 0. By Friday lunchtime, the FTSE 100 had decreased from 5% to 0. 25%, down 19. 66 points at 6,634. 81. The pound was up 0. At $1, the dollar fell by 27% to $1. 3379. Against the euro, it was unmoved at â‚¬1. 2006. Among individual shares, airlines bore the brunt in the wake of Thursday night's Bastille Day attack in the French resort of Nice. Easyjet and British Airways owner IAG were down 3. 5% and 1. Morrisons and Marks and Spencer, High Street mainstays, fell 2% and 8% respectively at the same time. 2% and 2% respectively. Other European share indexes were also down, reflecting market gloom at the French terror attack. The Cac index in Paris was down by about 0. 8%, while Frankfurt's Dax also dropped about 0. 8%.
While having a flutter at the bookies has long been associated with horse racing, the growth of online betting could see football challenge that position in Britain. However, betting on football is now a worldwide phenomenon with much of the trading carried out on illegal markets in Asia, where the huge sums wagered bring with it the threat of match-fixing. Here we look at the rise in betting, the risks of corruption and the history of cheating in the sport. "The current estimations, which include both the illegal markets and the legal markets, suggest the sports match-betting industry is worth anywhere between $700bn and $1tn (£435bn to £625bn) a year," says Darren Small, director of integrity at betting and sports data analysts Sportradar. About 70% of that trade has been estimated to come from trading on football. Sportradar has contracts to monitor betting on some 55,000 matches a year, running algorithms which cover 350 global bookmakers, to spot suspicious betting patterns. Concerns are raised with about 1% of fixtures monitored. "It doesn't sound a great deal but it is still 500 or so matches that are potentially fixed and we are talking potentially millions of pounds in turnover on these matches which is running through criminal activities," says Small. International crime investigation body Interpol says its Operation Soga has carried out more than 2,300 raids on properties worldwide as part of its drive to disrupt match fixers. It has seized over $27m (£16. 8m) in cash, and closed down illegal gambling dens which handled bets worth more than $2bn (£1. 2bn). While betting in Asia is usually restricted to a limited range, the array of options in Europe are far more than the traditional straightforward choices of win, lose or draw. Licensed bookies offer upwards of 200 different markets on matches around the globe. You can bet on the first and last goalscorer, the correct score, the half-time score, number of goals, whether there will be a sending-off, a hat-trick, penalty or the amount of corners. Some markets are time specific - offering odds on whether there might be a goal, card, corner or penalty in the first five minutes of the match, for example. The Football Pools started 90 years ago this year. Within months, hundreds of thousands of fans were filling in weekly coupons, attempting to predict Saturday afternoon's results in the hope of winning cash prizes. In 1961, Viv Nicholson, a factory worker from Castleford, won a £152,000 jackpot, equivalent to almost £5m today. More than £3. 2bn in winnings has been paid to 61m people over the years and more than 500,000 people still play the pools each week. The growth of the internet and mobile devices with quick access to odds has made betting generally much more accessible. Satellite television channels and increased coverage of live football matches around the world has increased interest and opportunity. With it has come the widespread use of "in-running" betting, where punters can stake money on the action as it happens - for example, who will score the next goal, with odds fluctuating on the pattern of play. Online football betting has mushroomed since it first became significant before the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000. There is a ban on sports betting in some countries, while elsewhere illegal betting syndicates offer better odds, making the potential winnings more attractive. Laws vary in different countries. In Singapore, for example, it is legal to place a wager on a football match at a "pools store", but online sports betting is banned. Aside from the concerns over match-fixing, there are other financial issues associated with illegal betting, including transactions that are unaccounted for and cost governments hundreds of millions in lost tax revenue, while they also damage the profits of legal bookmakers. Gamblers take their own risks. With no records of bets, the arrangement is based on mutual trust. Incidents involving British footballers are relatively isolated, although betting scandals go back as far as 1915 when seven players were banned after Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-0 in a match at Old Trafford where the visitors missed a penalty. An investigation was launched after complaints from bookmakers following a run of bets on the correct scoreline, with a goal in each half. Nearly 50 years later, eight players were jailed for offences surrounding match-fixing, including Sheffield Wednesday's 2-0 defeat by Ipswich in 1964. A series of floodlight failures affected top-flight English matches in 1997 and later saw a businessman convicted of taking part in an Asian betting scam. The fraudster, who had links to the Chinese Triad underworld, was found guilty of plotting to black out a Charlton-Liverpool game. Two previous matches - West Ham v Crystal Palace and Wimbledon against Arsenal - saw the floodlights fail when the scores were level, a result favourable to a Far East betting syndicate, but cases of match-fixing in Britain are relatively rare. In 2006, Italian sides Juventus, Fiorentina and Lazio were relegated for their involvement in a match-fixing scandal - although after appeals, only Juve were actually demoted. Earlier this year, 58 Chinese football officials were given match-fixing bans and last month police in Singapore arrested 14 people said to be part of a crime gang involved in global football match-fixing. There have also been cases of cheating in Malaysia and South Korea while last month six people - including four Britons - were charged with betting-related corruption in Australia. In February this year, the European Union's law enforcement agency Europol said it was investigating the fixing of 680 matches across the world - in Europe, Asia and South America. A Europol statement said the conspiracy originated in Asia and involved at least 425 individuals - including match referees, club officials, players and members of organised criminal gangs. It also said that, in Germany-based matches alone, criminals wagered £13. 8m (16m euros) on rigged matches and made £6. 9m in profits. Three months later Michel Platini, president of European football's governing body Uefa, called for the establishment of a European sports police force to deal with match-fixing, hooliganism and doping - something he had first suggested in 2007. With 22 players on the pitch, substitutes and managers, it would appear on the surface that several people would need to be in on the scam. However, mistakes in key positions can sometimes be enough to land a gamble. Reckless tackles leading to penalties, a flawed goalkeeping performance or deliberate own goals have been noted in suspect matches. In 2011, bans were handed down by Fifa following matches between Latvia and Bolivia, and Estonia and Bulgaria, demonstrating that referees can also be targeted. The games, which took place as a double-header in Turkey and only attracted about 100 spectators, produced seven goals - all scored from penalties. Six officials involved in the games were found guilty of "passive corruption" and "unlawfully influencing match results" by Fifa's disciplinary committee. He also asked that if a continent-wide police force was not possible, individual countries could introduce legislation to punish those guilty of corruption. In 2011, Interpol and football's governing body Fifa announced a 10-year joint initiative aimed at educating people about the risks through workshops, conferences, and online tutorials. Last year, Fifpro, the worldwide professional footballers' union, launched Don't Fix It, a prevention and education programme aimed at raising awareness of the dangers of match-fixing and reducing conditions that lead to it occurring. Dr Andy Harvey of Birkbeck, University of London, is carrying out research for the Don't Fix It programme. He said: "In many cases the players are the victims of match-fixing rather than just the perpetrators of it. "The main instigators of it, as has been the case in Italy in the past, are when clubs have been infiltrated by criminal gangs, like has happened in eastern European countries, or where players have been groomed by criminal gangs. "This very often happens because the players are vulnerable. The European bodies, particularly Uefa, have to get to grips with governances at a national level and make sure that clubs are owned by fit and proper people. " Written by Frank Keogh and Gary Rose.
This year's test, following last year's focus on a collapse in house prices in the UK, will feature a more international flavor. In the scenario, global growth will decline, the Chinese economy will slow significantly, and both the UK and the eurozone will confront a new bout of recession characterized by increasing unemployment and decreasing property prices. In Britain, the economy will contract by 2. Interest rates in the UK are cut to zero as the Bank grapples with the new crisis, 3%. And as the global economy slumps, the oil price collapses to $38 and deflation - causing companies to withdraw investment - "increases the real burden of debt and increases market concerns". The world would see the worst levels of deflation since the 1930s. Some major global banks and companies could default on debt repayments. To be clear, the Bank's five-year scenario does not mean it believes these events will happen. This is what is called a "tail-risk" event. It could happen but the probability is exceedingly low. But then again, no-one predicted the severity of the financial crisis. And actually this scenario is not as bad as what actually happened in 2008, even though it is put in place to try to stop those calamitous events ever occurring again. Six banks will have their balance sheets tested against this stress test - HSBC, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds, Santander UK and Standard Chartered. The building society Nationwide will also be tested. Many believe that this will be a tougher test for banks with large international businesses - HSBC and Standard Chartered - than the UK domestic test of last year. Co-op Bank, a mainly UK bank, has been dropped from this year's test. "Last year's stress test demonstrated how much stronger the core of the UK financial system has become since the financial crisis," said Mark Carney, the governor of the Bank of England. This year will see a different focus on the test. "We are committed to ensuring our major banks are resilient [and] that they can weather shocks without calling on tax payer support. " Under the scenario, banks will be obliged to continue lending to the UK economy, one of the biggest risks of a global turndown. The results of the tests, which bank officials believe are "severe", will be published in December. Banks might then be required to raise more capital to strengthened their balance sheets. One big missing piece of the stress test is a break up of the eurozone. That might seem odd, given events in Greece. But Bank officials explain that the eurozone is a more immediate issue and that the direct exposure of the UK banks to Greece is low at about £2bn. Put simply, British banks should already have in place the mechanisms to deal with a eurozone break-up.
The Economy Ministry said industrial production was up 1. 9% in July, lifted by an increase in manufacturing and construction output. A big improvement from June is seen with industrial production rising only 0.4%. Showing strong data from Germany, it was revealed on Thursday that industrial orders saw the strongest rate of growth in more than a year in July. Last month, however, figures released by the ministry showed that the economy shrank by 0. 2% in the second quarter. In an effort to avoid further stagnation in Europe, on Thursday the European Central Bank announced a surprise cut in interest rates. It also launched a programme to buy private sector debt to stimulate lending.
"Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments," he tweeted. "You can't change history, but you can learn from it," he continued. Mr Trump drew outrage by defending organisers of a white supremacist rally that left a woman dead and dozens hurt. The rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, supported by neo-Nazis and white supremacists, was in protest of the removal of a statue of Robert E Lee, a general who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy during the US Civil War. It turned deadly when a driver ploughed into a crowd of counter protesters, inflicting fatal injuries on Heather Heyer. "Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish!" Mr Trump continued in a series of tweets on Thursday. "The beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!" The recent removal of controversial statues, including some to leaders of the pro-slavery rebellion defeated in the US Civil War, has been the latest flashpoint in racial tensions across the country. Critics say monuments to the Confederacy are racially offensive, but supporters say they are important symbols preserving Southern heritage. Anthony Zurcher, BBC News, Washington Donald Trump's condemnation of white supremacists on Monday increasingly feels like the guy in the bar who starts his diatribes with "I'm not a racist, butâ€¦". While the president has felt compelled to distance himself from the hate and bigotry that many of the marchers last weekend spewed, he has come down with both feet in support of the cause for which they were supposedly rallying. This may not be as surprising a strategy as it first seems, however. Recent polls show the American public is generally against removing the statues scattered across states of the old Confederacy. As Steve Bannon said in his surprisingly blunt interview with the American Prospect magazine on Thursday, drawing liberals into a contentious debate about "race and identity" allows Mr Trump and his supporters to become champions of economic nationalism. After a tumultuous several weeks, the president is trying to find his footing. While it might seem jarring for the president who boasts that Republicans are "the party of Abraham Lincoln" to speak warmly of "beautiful" statues of Robert E Lee, it wouldn't be the first time intellectual coherence has taken a back seat to political expediency. Read Anthony's take Follow @awzurcher Maine's Governor Paul LePage, a Republican, said on Thursday taking down Confederate statues is "just like" removing a monument to the victims of the 9/11 attacks. But relatives of Stonewall Jackson, a Confederate leader Mr Trump mentioned in his Thursday tweets, wrote an open letter to the mayor of Richmond, Virginia, urging him to remove the statue of their great-great-grandfather and all other Confederate statues in town. Jack and Warren Christian, Mr Jackson's great-great-sons, said removing the statues would "further difficult conversations about racial justice". "While we are not ashamed of our great-great-grandfather, we are ashamed to benefit from white supremacy while our black family and friends suffer," the pair wrote. The monument brings us shame. "While the debate about how we memorialise figures from our past continues, we the descendants of Robert E Lee decry in the strongest terms the misuse of his memory by those advancing a message of intolerance and hate," he said in a statement to the BBC. "He never would have tolerated the hateful words and violent actions of white supremacists, the KKK, or Neo Nazis. " The president's comments came after a week of turmoil over his response to the violent clashes in the small Virginia town. Mr Trump was criticised for blaming both sides for the violence, but belatedly condemned the white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups on Monday. During a heated news conference on Tuesday he backtracked and again blamed left-wing counter-protesters for the incident, too. In an interview with Vice News, Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, the sole black Republican in the upper chamber, stated that the president's "moral authority" had been "compromised". Senator Scott expressed that he will not defend the indefensible. He mentioned that Mr. Trump's comments on Monday were strong but started erasing them with his comments on Tuesday. "What we want to see from our president is clarity and moral authority. And that moral authority is compromised. " Amid the fallout over the president's response, corporate leaders and CEOs began resigning from two White House business councils. On Wednesday, the Strategy and Policy Forum announced it would disband as Mr Trump said he would end the council as well as a manufacturing one.
Praised by Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce for his outstanding performance last season, the 25-year-old Netherlands international helped the Black Cats avoid relegation. Allardyce noted Patrick's solid defensive displays, assists, and crucial goals. The left-back joined the Stadium of Light from Chelsea in 2014. He has scored five goals in 69 appearances, including four in the Premier League last season. "It is fantastic to be able to secure the long-term services of such a talented footballer and athlete, who will hopefully continue to improve here for many years to come," added Allardyce.
Where was the drama of Fiscal Framework day? The torpor, the tension. The last-minute deal. The twin announcements at Holyrood and Westminster confirming that everybody had won. More is emerging from the chatter in the Garden Lobby. Apparently, Scottish Ministers and advisers had concluded a deal was improbable. Certainly, such was evident from John Swinney's demeanour when he gave evidence at 08:30. By early afternoon, when Nicola Sturgeon updated MSPs, a deal began to look more likely. By mid to late afternoon, the deal was done. What were the factors influencing that outcome? One, John Swinney refused to budge on the Smith principle of no detriment. He compromised on related aspects - but stuck to his core point. Two, Mr Swinney agreed to a core Treasury demand - that fiscal data should be independently generated, rather than produced by the Scottish government and independently audited. Only a cynic would say Mr Swinney created this obstacle in order to concede it later. Three, Scottish Ministers - and MSPs such as Alex Salmond - privately and openly played the EU Referendum card. In essence, they whispered to the prime minister: "Do you really want to pick a fight with us - on an issue of trust arising from an earlier referendum - at the precise moment when you need our unalloyed support for the EU ballot?" Four, the Chancellor (and the PM) opted for the big picture. They decided to fight another day on Scottish expenditure, choosing to bank the prize of Scottish self-funding. A prize which fits their longer-term narrative that the debate in Scotland must now turn to the use of powers, rather than the process of devolving them. A prize which, further, helps the Conservatives counter claims - heard in the Commons again today - that Scotland is subsidised by England. Set aside for a moment the arguments over arithmetic. Think politics. Tories want an answer to that point on English doorsteps. They believe they now have it. Today's Stage Three debate on the budget was fascinating stuff in a different way. Firstly, robust exchanges over the impact of public service spending constraint. John Swinney said only 500 devolved public sector jobs had gone in the past year, compared with a 20,000 increase in overall employment. Mr Swinney's critics dissented volubly. Sundry SNP MSPs retorted that there was often a big difference between outline plans produced by local authorities - and the eventual outcome. We also outlined the upcoming election contest. The SNP promise on safeguarding families - zero tax hike, a freeze on council tax, no tuition fees, no prescription charges. We had the Labour offer: a penny on tax mainly for education with a (contested) rebate offer for the low paid. The Lib Dem pitch: a penny on tax purely for education, with more details due to be unveiled at the party's conference later this week. The Conservative plan - taxation in line with UK or conceivably lower (that debate is still underway within the Scottish party. ) And we had in embryo the debate hereafter. When all income tax rates and bands are set by Holyrood, as they will be from 2017. Scottish politics has been transformed.
On Saturday, members of Neath Labour Party made their decision to select Ms Rees from an all-woman shortlist drawn up after the former Welsh Secretary announced he would stand down at the 2015 general election. The other two candidates were Karen Wilkie, deputy general secretary of the Co-operative Party, and Mabel McKeown, a former aide to Harriet Harman.
Greater Manchester Police said they were called to an incident in the Gorton area at about 22:00 BST on Friday 26 June. Since further inquiries are pending, the boy who was arrested has been bailed. "I would like to emphasize that this was not a random stranger attack and there is no cause for parents to be afraid," stated Det Insp Carol Hobson. ".
New Zealander Parkes started every Pro 12 game in the 2015-16 season as Wales duties and injuries ruled out Scott Williams. But the return of Jonathan Davies from France and Williams' improved fitness mean competition will be tough. "You just get stuck in and if you get the nod, good," Parkes said. "And if you don't you just go and support your team. "I think it's good to have some healthy competition with players pushing against each other. "Listen, Jon [Davies]  - well all the midfielders - are good players and it's just very exciting. " Parkes was voted player of the season after appearing in 26 League and Cup games for the west Wales region. However, he might not make the starting XV if Williams and 2013 British and Irish Lion Davies - who has rejoined from Clermont Auvergne - are both fit. And even though it may mean a lighter workload, the Kiwi who joined Scarlets in December 2014 is determined to make his mark. "You want to be playing - even though it was getting a bit hectic towards the end of last season - but I guess that's what you're doing," he added. "And you love doing it so you want to be out there running around and hopefully just performing as well as you can. " Scarlets were Wales' top team in the Pro 12 and the only one to qualify for the European Champions Cup. Looking forward to the challenge, Parkes is excited despite being drawn in the same qualifying pool as reigning champions Saracens, Toulon who won the tournament the previous three years, and Sale Sharks. Their reward was the "pool of death" draw. "I think it's more exciting than anything else," he said. "They're the teams you want to be playing against and it's going to be a tough ask but it's exciting and hopefully we can go out there and out some good performances in and you never know what could happen. " Asked if Scarlets would improve on their disappointing campaign in 2015-16 when they lost all their pool games, Parkes replied: "I don't know. Only time will tell on that. "Certainly we've got a good squad and we're building nicely and we'll just have to wait and see we'll be able to go quite well this next year. ".
The BBC's technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones was shown how it works by the automaker's head of user experience Holger Kampf, with the idea being to allow owners a more relaxed experience when the vehicle is in self-drive mode. Read and watch more from CES and follow the BBC team covering the event on Twitter.
Craig Disley and Danny East both went close for the visitors in a largely uneventful first half. After the break, Sam Habergham had to be alert to clear a threatening Grimsby attack, while Sean Marks shot over the bar for the Iron. Disley went closest in the final minutes, rising to meet Richard Tait's cross, but his header hit the bar. Grimsby Town manager Paul Hurst told BBC Radio Humberside: Media playback is not supported on this device "It wasn't the prettiest of games. Rarely is it in truth when you come here. "With the injuries we've picked up as well I'm happy with a clean sheet. "We're in October, I don't think we've particularly had a bad spell of weather and we were hoping the pitch would be a bit better than it was. ".
Yr oedd y strwythur Fictoraidd eisoes wedi'i gau i'r cyhoedd am resymau diogelwch pan ddisgynnodd rhan ohono ar 1 Chwefror. Mae Cyngor Sir Conwy ac Ymddiriedolaeth Fictoraidd Colwyn wedi cytuno y dylid ei dynnu i lawr cyn i fwy o ddifrod gael ei wneud nawr. Y bwriad yw atgyweirio ac adfer y pier rywbryd yn y dyfodol Ar hyn o bryd mae'r cyngor yn ystyried adroddiad ar sut i wneud y strwythur sydd yn weddill yn saffach. Iwan Davies, prif weithredwr Cyngor Sir Conwy, dywedodd bod disgwyl penderfyniad ar y pier rhestredig Gradd II "yn fuan iawn". Gobaith yw gweld y pier yn cael ei ailddatblygu yn hwb ar gyfer "bwyd, diod a digwyddiadau" gan yr Ymddiriedolaeth. Mae disgwyl i'r cyngor ystyried cynigion ar gyfer y pier cyn diwedd mis Mawrth.
Japan's Nikkei 225 lost as much as 1. In early trading, there was a decrease of 5%, and it closed down 0.8% at 16,642. 20. China's Shanghai Composite finished 1. 3% lower at 2,862. 56. The markets were also affected by falling oil prices. More than 4% drop in US crude and a 3% decline in Brent crude were seen on Tuesday, although prices stabilized in Asian trade. "Although oil prices have risen sharply from the trough, many investors are not yet convinced if things have improved that much, and I suspect they judged now is a good time to sell," PineBridge Investments' Tatsushi Maeno told Reuters. Trade figures from Beijing released on Tuesday showed that Chinese exports suffered their sharpest drop in almost seven years, adding to concerns over the health of the world's second largest economy. Exports sank by 25. 4% from a year earlier, while imports fell 13. 8%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed flat at 19,996. 26 points. Elsewhere, Australia's benchmark S&P/ASX 200 spent much of the day in positive territory and finished the session up nearly 1% at 5,157. 20. Shares in some of the country's big lenders helped to lift the market. Commonwealth Bank shares finished up more than 1% and Westpac rose 2. 3%. In South Korea, the Kospi index closed up 0. 35% at 1,952. 95.
Accused by US authorities of market manipulation that contributed to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash", he was arrested by UK police in April after being charged by the US Justice Department, Mr. Sarao. After spending four months in custody, he was released on bail earlier this month. Mr Sarao's lawyer, James Lewis, told Westminster Magistrates Court on Friday that he needed more time to obtain expert evidence about trading and how the market worked. Rejecting the application, District Judge Quentin Purdy said that evidence would help him address whether his client had made false representations through his trading activity. He said expert evidence was not relevant to the decision he had to make - whether the US charges would also be offences under English law. Set for 25 September, the extradition hearing remained. Accused of using software to "spoof" markets by generating large sell orders during the "flash crash" on 6 May 2010 that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average briefly plunging by more than 1,000 points before recovering, Mr Sarao, 36, is alleged to be pushing down prices. He then cancelled those trades and bought the contracts at the lower prices, making roughly Â£27m in profit, US authorities allege. Mr Sarao has denied wrongdoing and told the Westminster court in May: "I've not done anything wrong apart from being good at my job. ".
Ian McDiarmid, the late politician in What Shadows, is played by him. His infamous anti-immigration Rivers of Blood speech from 1968 is examined in the play. The Telegraph's Dominic Cavendish described it as "chilling" to hear his sentiments again "as if newly minted. " The Birmingham Repertory Theatre should be "applauded for opening the floodgates to serious debate", he said. "Does this re-enactment. rank as the most provocative theatrical act of the decade? I'd say so," Cavendish wrote in his four-star review. "Given the current, high levels of concern about immigration and how long a shadow that speech has cast, [this was] a depressingly necessary evening. " The production is partly set in 1992 and sees Caribbean immigrant Rose Cruickshank confront the MP about his views. The play also flashes back to 1960s to see the influences that shaped the two main characters. Ann Treneman of The Times also gave the show four stars, adding that McDiarmid "gives a standout performance". "This play does not mince words," she wrote. "Some are offensive, yet [writer] Chris Hannan isn't interested in political correctness but in getting to the core of a story. "Not just about Powell but of England - what does it mean to be English and who exactly are we anyway?" The Financial Times described the play as "compelling" in its four-star review, while The Stage said the production was "timely and intelligent". Michael Billington gave the production a slightly less warm review in The Guardian, awarding it three stars. "While Hannan makes it clear that we are still obsessed with immigration and the nature of Englishness, his play is much better at exploring the paradoxes of Powell than those of the surrounding culture," he wrote. "Referring to the two main characters," he said, "Powell is complex, whatever you think of him. His principal antagonist, Rose, is simply confusing." " WhatsOnStage also gave the show three stars. "Hannan brings history back to life: a black and white photo recoloured. It sheds light on the present," wrote Matt Trueman. Setting up eloquent and forceful head-to-heads, Hannan's structure, while giving space to vital debates, sacrifices its narrative drive in each strand. news@bbc. co. uk.
Moscow says its air force has killed 300 militants over the past 24 hours. But a BBC correspondent in the area says the strikes seem to be mostly hitting rival rebel groups, allowing Islamic State (IS) to push forward. Also killed was a commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guards who was working with the Syrian army in the fight against IS. Iran has attributed the killing of Gen Hussein Hamedani on Thursday to IS, but the exact circumstances surrounding his death remain unclear. Dozens of fighters have been killed on both sides as Islamic State advanced north of Aleppo on Friday, the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. IS has driven out opposition forces from a number of villages, as well as a military base, the observatory's Rami Abdel Rahman told the AFP news agency. He says the group is now just over six miles (10km) from northern perimeter of the city and two miles (3km) from pro-government forces stationed at an industrial area. "IS has never been so close to the city of Aleppo, and this is its biggest advance towards" Syria's second city, Mr Rahman said. Beirut's Jim Muir of the BBC reports that Russian air strikes appear to be targeting mainly other Syrian opposition forces that pose a greater threat to the Moscow-backed Syrian government. Muir notes that the Russian bombing campaign has seemingly diminished these groups, allowing IS to advance. Iran earlier said Gen Hussein Hamedani, a senior Revolutionary Guards commander, was killed during an advisory mission with the Syrian army near Aleppo on Thursday. In 2009 Gen Hamedani was subject to European Union sanctions for his role in suppressing protests following the disputed Iranian presidential election. The general is the latest of a number of Iranian commanders to be killed in Syria. Iran has been providing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's army with military advice in its fight against rebels since the civil war broke out in 2011.
The two nations had a "deep and firm" friendship, Mr Xi said in an article in Zimbabwe's state-run Herald newspaper. Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has strongly pursued a "Look East" policy since the West isolated him over his controversial land reform programme. President Mugabe was at the airport to welcome the Chinese leader, who received a 21-gun salute before inspecting a guard of honour, China being a major investor in Zimbabwe, helping to keep its economy afloat. There were also Chinese nationals present, waving both Zimbabwean and Chinese flags, to welcome Mr Xi. The two governments are expected to sign agreements to boost Zimbabwe's agriculture, mining, and manufacturing sectors. Mr Xi, who is on his first visit to Zimbabwe, said it remained a cornerstone of China's foreign policy to consolidate its relationship with Zimbabwe and other African states. "This will never change," he added. Mr Xi and a large Chinese delegation will fly to South Africa on Wednesday, where he will attend the first China-Africa summit to be held in Africa. It is expected to be attended by leaders from across the continent. Analysis: Brian Hungwe, BBC Africa, Harare For a government desperate for foreign direct investment and struggling to raise revenue Mr  Xi is a welcome guest. I am told there are several bid deals, spanning manufacturing, agriculture and mining, waiting to be signed. But what worries some is that such deals have been signed before and nothing tangible has materialised. Government sources say the Chinese are hesitant to pump money into Zimbabwe because of its uncertain political climate. President Mugabe is turning 92 in three months and the Chinese want guarantees that their investments will be safe if there is a change in leadership.
Turnout: 213,506 valid votes (41. 6%) Second preference votes are only used if no candidate receives more than 50% of the vote. The top two candidates then receive the second preference votes from their eliminated opponents. See also: North Wales Police covers the whole of what most would regard as north Wales, including the counties of Anglesey, Gwynedd, Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire and Wrexham. It covers a population of 675,000. Snowdonia National Park, the home of Wales' highest mountain, Snowdon, is largely rural. The area is linked to cities like Manchester, Liverpool, and Birmingham by the major A55 road and to the port of Holyhead on Anglesey for ferries to Ireland. The current chief constable is Mark Polin, who has served the area since 2009. There are 1,454 officers, 888 staff and 232 community support officers. The total force budget for 2016/17 is £141m. Currently the force is projecting to save £4. 54m between 2017/18 and 2019/20. The highest police precept in Wales is £240 for Band D properties, compared to £220. 06 in Gwent, £207. 85 in South Wales and £200. 07 in Dyfed-Powys Police force areas. There were 36,800 recorded crimes in north Wales during the year up to September 2015. There was a slight increase of 1% the previous year, marking the lowest increase in recorded crime in Wales for that period. Incidents of violence against the person rose by 17%, with all but one police forces seeing increases in that category. Sexual offences increased by 11% and criminal damage and arson rose by 3% while robbery fell by 12% and burglary dropped by 10%. A recent report by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) found the force performing well in preventing crime and anti-social behaviour, and tackling serious and organised crime. However other aspects of the force's effectiveness needed to improve, it said. Its approach to investigating crime has some shortcomings, HMIC said, with the policy for allocating crime to investigators not clearly understood by the workforce. Examples of frontline officers undertaking investigations that were beyond their level of training and experience, including high-risk domestic abuse cases, were found.
The Trussell Trust said a third were given to repeat visitors but that there was a "shocking" 51% rise in clients to established food banks. It said benefit payment delays were the main cause. In a letter to ministers, more than 500 clergy say the increase is "terrible". The government said there was no evidence of a link between welfare reforms and the use of food banks. However, the Trussell Trust, the largest food bank provider in the UK, said benefits payments had been a particular problem since welfare changes were introduced just over a year ago. Some 83% of food banks reported that benefits sanctions - when payments are temporarily stopped - had resulted in more people being referred for emergency food. And more than 30% of visits were put down to a delay in welfare payments. The second biggest reason, given by 20% of food bank users, was low income. Chris Mould, chairman of the Trussell Trust, stated that in the last year, rather than seeing things improve, they have worsened for many people on low incomes. In total, 913,000 individuals were provided with three days worth of emergency food supplies in the past 12 months. But more than a third of those cases represented repeat visits. Some of the increase was also down to extra food banks opening. Andy, a 47 year-old unemployed electrician, applied for jobseeker's allowance (JSA) a week ago, but has not heard when the money will come through. In the meantime, he has been referred to a food bank near his home in Hackney in north London. "If I didn't come here, there wouldn't be any food for me tonight. It's the system. But I don't understand why there's a gap," he told the BBC. Andy was sent away with two shopping bags of pasta, rice, vegetables, biscuits and juice. The clergy from all major dominations, who include Archbishop of Wales Barry Morgan and several senior Church of England bishops, describe the increase in the use of Trussell Trust food banks as "terrible", in a letter to the government. They insist it does not give a full picture of hunger in the UK because it does not include people who are too ashamed to use food banks and others who are cutting the size of meals. They called on ministers to co-operate with an inquiry into the causes of hunger, led by the Bishop of Truro Tim Thornton. A public vigil will be held on Wednesday night in Westminster to highlight the issue. The government denies that welfare payments are a problem. "There is no robust evidence that welfare reforms or benefit administration are linked to increased use of food banks," said a spokeswoman for the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). She also maintained that the amount of time taken to process payments had improved. By Robert PigottReligious affairs correspondent, BBC News Churches have been in the lead in criticising the effects of the government's welfare changes for more than a year, and looking for tangible evidence of "hunger" to back up their argument that they disproportionately affect the poorest people. The figures for the use of food banks seem to provide at least an indication of food poverty, but how far they do is open to debate. The Trussell Trust - which has taken on a campaigning role as well as providing food banks - says that at least 60% of their three-day parcels are taken by once-only clients, but that leaves some room for repeat visits, as the government has pointed out. Ministers have also suggested that the publicity surrounding food banks will have pushed people in their direction. But arguments like this haven't deflected the clergy, who insist much of the real extent of hunger is hidden, as people cut the size of meals and parents go hungry to feed their children. They want a national debate about the issue, and to make it a moral issue, one the government shows every sign of being willing to take part in. Ministers say that before their changes, benefits paid more than work and left many people "trapped" on welfare - something they insist was far from caring. Some 92% of payments were now made within the target time of 16 days, a 6% improvement on the time taken five years ago, she told the BBC. But an additional problem since April 2013 has been the abolition of DWP-funded crisis loans, designed to cover short-term emergencies. Responsibility for these loans has been devolved to local authorities, which can make them harder to access. Short-term advances, available through job centres for people awaiting benefit payments, are still obtainable. However, many claimants, including Andy, are not always informed about them. Other people have their payments stopped, sometimes because they have missed an appointment, or have lost paperwork. "We're often surprised by the length of sanctions people get," said Liza Cucco, the manager of the Hackney food bank. "If someone is late for an appointment, I'm not sure it's reasonable to block their payments for four to six weeks," she told the BBC. However the government said it was spending Â£94bn a year on working age benefits to provide a safety net to millions of people on low incomes. It also insisted that its welfare reforms will promote work, and so lift millions of people out of poverty.
"The country is heading over a cliff and the party is trying to talk the country out of it," says Colin Rosenstiel, from Cambridge. It's an area that voted heavily for Remain, with 73. 8% backing continued membership. But the UK as a whole voted to leave the EU by 52% to 48% on 23 June. Reflecting on the result, Colin says: "We're entering a period of great uncertainty and the outcome is very unclear at the moment. " He says it's an "absolutely crucial time" for "firm leadership" to protect the UK's prosperity, as he attacks what he calls the government's "dithering". So does he think the Lib Dems are the only one offering that voice? "Yes, the Labour Party can't talk to anybody coherently at the moment. " He's clearly happy with the party's call for a referendum on the terms of the final Brexit deal, with the option of remaining in the EU. But is it a vote-winning strategy? "In a way it's less important that it's vote winning than that it's what's right," comes the reply. Bill Mackintosh, Mid Suffolk, has been a member of the Lib Dems since its formation - and prior to that, the Liberal Party - and he believes the party's position on Europe is an advantage. Bill tells me that he, like his family, voted to Remain in the EU on the referendum on 23 June, and he welcomes the idea of a referendum on the Brexit deal, as is being called for by leader Tim Farron. "The referendum on the deal, to me, does make sense," he says, adding: "It's a democratic way of doing things. " "We may still be on the course of leaving after that," he acknowledges, but says: "Of course we'd have to accept that. " But while he thinks the Lib Dem's pro-EU message is one of its key strengths, he doesn't think it's the only route back to power, singling out its policies on social services and the NHS as examples. I speak to Jenny Crossley, from Bath, who believes that having a clear message on the EU is a "very good thing" - but she's not convinced it's going to bring new people to the party. Why is that? She tells me she believes most people now think "we voted out, let's suck it up and get on with it", as they are not seeing the "doom and gloom" that was predicted. Adding, "I would like to be proved wrong though," she's keen to express. Jenny, who is also somewhat doubtful about the benefits of a second referendum on the Brexit deal, which the party is advocating for, says, "I don't see what it would achieve. " She says the exit deal will be largely that - on the terms of the UK's withdrawal from the EU - with plenty more still to be negotiated in future, such as trade agreements. "There's not the time and the space or the money to have a referendum on every single trade deal because, let's be honest, 90% of the population is not going to understand it, or probably care. " But Keith Kirwan, from the Vale of Clwyd, disagrees: "I don't see what choice we've got, or we ignore the first one - and I don't think people would accept that. " He thinks there should be another referendum - and that voting should be compulsory, including for all elections, a point that Jenny agrees with. He's unhappy that the June referendum didn't operate under such rules. "It wasn't a majority of the electorate (who voted), it was just those who bothered to vote," he protests. So does Keith think the pro-EU message is the party's route back? It's a resounding "yes", as he says the Lib Dems are the only ones to have an "unequivocal" message in favour of staying in the EU. He points out that 48% of voters in the EU referendum wanted to stay, and he reckons that "quite a few" Leave voters have since changed their mind "as more and more facts come out". Neither Keith nor Jenny think there's a particular risk the party's stance could alienate the 17 million people who voted Out, as they say many of them wouldn't have voted Lib Dem in the first place - nor cost them votes. Rather candidly, Keith says: "We've already lost them, might as well be honest. Ellie Hopgood, from Durham Central, believes that having a single issue to focus on and be recognized for is beneficial for the party. She explains that UKIP was identified for their desire for Britain to exit the EU, and most individuals associate the Conservatives with the economy. However, with the Lib Dems, there is uncertainty. "So as a single issue to hold on to, definitely," she says. A fairly new party member, Ellie likes leader Tim Farron's approach to a referendum on the final Brexit deal, rather than saying "we didn't like the outcome (of the referendum), why not just do it again" - especially since the public were trusted to have their say in the first place. But she says any rejection of the deal by the public should not block Britain's withdrawal from the EU: "The country voted to leave. We have to accept that. It was a democratic process. " "If the deal was rejected it should be a case, if we want to remain democratic, of. going back to the drawing board and perhaps try and negotiate a slightly better deal that the public will be more in favour of. " Ellie also thinks that political parties and the media would need to provide clear information about the terms of the deal, to inform and engage voters. "I think it's inevitably going to be complex because of how long we've been in the EU. but I think it'll be the way it's portrayed to the public as to whether the public are going to engage with it. " On the Lib Dems' wider future, I ask her how optimistic she is: "I'm always optimistic about it, really optimistic about it. " Her sense of optimism appears to be shared by Jenny Woods, the Lib Dems parliamentary candidate for Reading East. "What do you mean come back? We never left. ".
Media playback is not supported on this device The 35-year-old, who has yet to drop a set, recorded a 6-4 6-2 6-4 victory in one hour and 37 minutes. "I thought it was a terrific match and I didn't expect it to go that easy for me," said the Swiss world number five. Federer will now play Canada's Milos Raonic, who defeated him in last year's semi-finals. Raonic, beaten by Andy Murray in the final last year, is into the quarter-finals after a hard-fought five-set win over 10th seed Alexander Zverev of Germany. "I've got to bring the intensity, the focus that I've shown throughout this tournament and the mentality on the serve," said the 18-time Grand Slam champion of Wednesday's last-eight encounter. "I've got to make very few wrong decisions and understand what to do at what stage. To continue striving for it on the way back, maintain an aggressive approach, and keep a positive attitude. I am confident that positive outcomes are possible. " Meanwhile, American Sam Querrey beat South African Kevin Anderson in five sets to set up a quarter-final against world number one Murray. Querrey, 28th in the world, defeated unseeded Anderson 5-7 7-6 (7-5) 6-3 6-7 (11-13) 6-3 in a match that lasted three hours seven minutes on court 18. In 2016, Querrey beat Novak Djokovic at Wimbledon before losing to Raonic in the quarter-finals. Briton Murray has won seven of eight matches he has played against Querrey. The 30-year-old Scot, who won Wimbledon in 2013 and 2016, moved into the quarter-finals for the 10th consecutive year with a 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 win over France's Benoit Paire. In the men's competition, Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic, seeded 11th, also emerged victorious in five sets, defeating Austrian eighth seed Dominic Thiem 6-3 6-7 (1-7) 6-3 3-6 6-3. A finalist at Wimbledon in 2010, where he lost to Spaniard Rafael Nadal in three sets, the 31-year-old Berdych will now await the winner between Frenchman Adrian Mannarino and Serbia's Novak Djokovic in the quarter-finals. Croatian seventh seed Marin Cilic advanced to the last eight with a 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory over 18th seed Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain.
In a result that could have been from the pages of a Roy of the Rovers comic, Merthyr Tydfil's part-timers defeated Serie A side Atalanta 2-1 in 1987. While they lost the European Cup Winners Cup return leg, they had caught the attention of the world's media. The players return to the club's Penydarren Park on Friday for the premiere of a film telling their story. When ranking Welsh club football's greatest results, Cardiff City's 1971 victory against Real Madrid or Wrexham's 1984 triumph over Porto may be the more obvious choices for fans. Even non-league Merthyr fan Matthew Davies, who made the film, admitted he had little knowledge of his team's moment of glory. "Growing up (in the area), I didn't know much about it. It's only been in the last few years since I've started going down (to games) and finding out off fans," he said. "There's not much footage online, but someone gave me archive footage and the whole story unravelled in front of me. Watching the match over 100 times, Mr Davies finds it quite incredible and describes it as "a fantastic game" with the 10,000 fans creating an "absolutely unbelievable" atmosphere. He also describes it as "ridiculous" that a bunch of electricians, labourers and accountants could defeat one of Italy's top sides. The film, called The Martyrs of 87, uses interviews with the people involved - including chairman John Reddy, manager Lyn Jones and players Ceri Williams and Dai Webley. Mr Davies said: "There were so many characters that were there - working class valleys boys. "The international media went crazy and I think some fans in Italy still keep an eye on Merthyr Tydfil and Merthyr Tydfil fans still keep an eye on Atalanta. The film will be screened at Merthyr's Penydarren Park on Friday and then before the team's Southern League Premier Division game with Slough Town on Saturday, demonstrating an almost subconscious partnership between the two now.
Britt Assombalonga put the hosts ahead by coolly rounding Alex Smithies after midfielder Karl Henry had been sent off for two early bookings. Hildeberto Pereira's third red card of the season - also after two yellows - gave Rangers fresh hope. And with time running out, Sylla stole in to head home a left-wing cross from fellow replacement Nasser El Khayati. Forest showed the greater attacking intent in the early stages and Assombalonga had the ball in the net, only to be ruled offside. But the recalled striker found the net from a tight angle just four minutes later following a through ball from Pajtim Kasami. Forest were made to pay for not pressing home their advantage early in the second half as Pereira pulled back his man to receive his second caution. QPR have still never won at the City Ground in 33 attempts, despite Olamide Shodipo firing over and Grant Hall heading just wide before Sylla's late effort denied Forest only a second victory in 11 attempts - and a first clean sheet in 14 games, which was sparked by His departure for Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's men to push forward. There are now only three longer unbeaten home runs in all competitions in English football history than Forest's in this fixture - Liverpool v West Ham (44), Liverpool v Spurs (43) and Liverpool v Stoke (36). Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier: "I'm frustrated and a little angry. I like my players and I always defend them, but when we lead 1-0 and it's 11 against 10 you have to make sure you don't give your opponents a chance. "We didn't control the game very well in that situation, making a lot of technical mistakes and  conceding a lot of free-kicks and corners. "This is the first time I've been angry since I've been here and hopefully it's the last time. We had to continue like we were playing in the first half and we didn't do that in the second. "I think we've given a point to Queens Park Rangers, and it's a game we should have won. We just had to keep the ball and find a solution to score the second goal and close out the game. " QPR boss Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink:  "Because of the manner we played, we deserved to get a goal. That is why I was celebrating. That was my emotion at the time. "We have some young players we are trying to develop. We have foreign players we are trying to bed into the team They will get better. All these things take time. "It was a harsh sending off, because the first booking was not a yellow card. "I do not want to talk too much about the referee, I do not want to concentrate on that. " Match ends, Nottingham Forest 1, Queens Park Rangers 1. Second Half ends, Nottingham Forest 1, Queens Park Rangers 1. Offside, Nottingham Forest. Pajtim Kasami tries a through ball, but Apostolos Vellios is caught offside. Foul by Sebastian Polter (Queens Park Rangers). Damien Perquis (Nottingham Forest) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Offside, Nottingham Forest. Henri Lansbury tries a through ball, but Pajtim Kasami is caught offside. Attempt saved. Apostolos Vellios (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Henri Lansbury with a cross. Corner,  Nottingham Forest. Conceded by Abdenasser El Khayati. Substitution, Nottingham Forest. Apostolos Vellios replaces Britt Assombalonga. Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest) is shown the yellow card. Olamide Shodipo (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest). Hand ball by Pajtim Kasami (Nottingham Forest). Attempt missed. Olamide Shodipo (Queens Park Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by James Perch. Corner,  Queens Park Rangers. Conceded by Eric Lichaj. Jordan Cousins (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Henri Lansbury (Nottingham Forest). Idrissa Sylla (Queens Park Rangers) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration. Goal!  Nottingham Forest 1, Queens Park Rangers 1. Idrissa Sylla (Queens Park Rangers) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Abdenasser El Khayati with a cross. Jordan Cousins (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Henri Lansbury (Nottingham Forest). Substitution, Queens Park Rangers. Abdenasser El Khayati replaces Jack Robinson. Attempt missed. Thomas Lam (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Henri Lansbury. Attempt blocked. Blocking Britt Assombalonga's (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from the right side of the box, Sebastian Polter (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Joe Worrall (Nottingham Forest). Substitution, Nottingham Forest. Thomas Lam replaces Chris Cohen. Foul by Sebastian Polter (Queens Park Rangers). Pajtim Kasami (Nottingham Forest) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Chris Cohen (Nottingham Forest) because of an injury. Offside, Nottingham Forest. Eric Lichaj tries a through ball, but Britt Assombalonga is caught offside. Substitution, Queens Park Rangers. Idrissa Sylla replaces Conor Washington. Olamide Shodipo (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest). Attempt missed. Grant Hall (Queens Park Rangers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Tjaronn Chery with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Queens Park Rangers. Conceded by Chris Cohen. Attempt blocked. Sebastian Polter (Queens Park Rangers) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Tjaronn Chery with a cross. Olamide Shodipo (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest).
Rob Howley's team were hammered 32-8 by Australia, in their opening game of the series last weekend. Starting with the Pumas on Saturday, they will now face games against Argentina, Japan, and South Africa. "We're all proud Welshmen and hate losing especially in that manner," Ospreys second row Davies said. "But if we win the next three games everyone will be saying it's been a successful autumn, so that's what we've got to strive for now. Fresh from a 54-20 win over Japan in Tokyo, the Pumas are Wales' next opponents in Cardiff. Argentina reached the semi-final of the 2015 Rugby World Cup, but their win against South Africa was their only success in the 2015 Rugby Championship. But they impressed at home against New Zealand at home, and looked sharp in beating Japan. "They've  played very good rugby especially in the last couple of games they've played - probably from the World Cup really,"  Davies added. "The way they have improved has been phenomenal and they've got a physical pack as well - so they beat you up up-front and they spin the ball about as well now. "We've got to pick ourselves up and we've shown over the years that we can do it. " Scrum-half Gareth Davies is likely to start against Argentina following an injury to Ospreys number nine Rhys Webb. Davies impressed during the World Cup when Webb was also injured, but the Scarlets half-back feels for his Wales team-mate. "I'm gutted for Webby," he said. "He's had some bad luck over the past 12 months or so. It's a good opportunity for me now to get a bit more game time and hopefully have an impact in the autumn matches. Webby, I rate him, he's a great player and it's good to have competition in the squad - there's Lloyd Williams and Tomas Williams coming in as well now. "We've got some good scrum-halves in Wales keeping us on our toes. "It's nice to have a game this weekend so hopefully we can put things right and we can come away with a good win against the Pumas on Saturday. ".
Grant Hurcomb was raising funds for Cancer Research UK and MND Scotland. Two years ago, he had taken on a 24-hour challenge but this time around, he decided to more than double his efforts on a Stranraer farm. Organisers said he had sheared a total of 2,142 sheep and also raised thousands of pounds for charity. Allowing for breaks, it translated to an average of more than 50 sheep per hour. The action began at High Balyett farm on Thursday at 19:00, coming to a close on Saturday at 21:00. Hundreds of supporters gathered to witness his efforts and raise funds for charity. Rowan Main, Cancer Research UK local area manager for Dumfries and Galloway, described Mr Hurcomb as a "remarkable young man" and his achievement as "fabulous". "Grant had a huge support team and getting more than 2,000 sheep to the farm where the shearing challenge took place was an incredible logistical feat," she said. Grant, his friends, family, and supporters, we express our sincere gratitude for the round-the-clock support he received during the challenge. ".
The H5N8 strain was detected in a greylag goose at the nature reserve near Ormskirk, in Lancashire on Friday. Peter Morris, who works for the site, said it is "not a strain. that has ever transmitted to humans" and the centre remains open to visitors. He mentioned that it had spread from Europe, saying: "This is not a situation where anyone is closing or culling anything." "During peak days in winter, we receive up to 60,000 wildfowl - wild ducks, swans, geese, waders - a day, with one having died of avian influenza. " Vehicle restrictions and disinfectant mats have been placed at the site's entrances and exits as precautionary measures. Mr Morris said that they are very, very mindful that about 200,000 people visit Martin Mere every year, with a lot of people locally keeping, or farming, birds or going to other nature reserves. "So, we're making sure we stop anyone inadvertently transporting the disease in or out on their footwear, hands or equipment. "We've taken all practical steps to separate wild birds from our collection of wildfowl. "The government is relying on wardens at nature reserves including Martin Mere to be out at first light every day looking hard for unusual signs. The H5N8 strain, which has been circulating in Europe for several months, has been found in about 40 wild birds in England, Scotland, and Wales, according to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. In January, approximately 63,000 birds were culled at a Lancashire pheasant farm to prevent the spread of bird flu, which had already been discovered at two premises nearby in Wyre.
Doctors realised Maia Collingswood needed the transplant after her father Dan revealed he also had the procedure in 1997. Maia, from Barmouth, Gwynedd, had the transplant at London's Great Ormond Street Hospital in August after a three-month wait for a new heart. She has now been welcomed back to her school, Ysgol y Traeth. Maia, a year five pupil, fell ill at Easter while visiting her grandparents in Telford, Shropshire. "Maia was out of breath and could not move," explained her mother, Hannah Carter. "She was taken to the local hospital and then transferred to the Birmingham Children's Hospital where a heart problem was diagnosed. " But Maia's father said when he questioned doctors and revealed he had undergone a heart transplant, the medical team realised her condition was serious. She was transferred to the London Children's Hospital, where surgeons confirmed she also needed a heart transplant. Her condition continued to deteriorate over the next three months, until she finally received the donor heart she needed on 15 August. For three months, her parents, who are separated but remain friends, experienced desperate worry. The local community rallied around to ensure they could spend as much time as possible with their daughter in London. "Dan's family, my family, the school, friends and indeed the whole community here in Barmouth and in Telford have been magnificent and supported us throughout the summer after Maia was taken ill," said Mrs Carter, who works for the Gwynedd home care team. Mr Collingswood, who works at a private care establishment near Dolgellau, added: "I am with the local lifeboat here in Barmouth and the RNLI helped us out financially when we had to visit Maia in hospital in London. Without the support of the community, we could not have managed. The community has been great, with collection tins everywhere for Maia helping us out. " On Tuesday, Maia was greeted by pupils and the head teacher as she returned to class, seven weeks ahead of schedule. "Maia would have liked to have gone back to school last week but we had to travel to Great Ormond Street for check-ups," said her mother. "She asked if she could go back to school after returning home from London and the expert medical team said that it was OK. Delighted was Maia. Mrs Carter added: "I started back to work this week, Maia has started school, we have a new flat, it is all coming together. "It has been a long and traumatic summer and without the support of family, friends and the community and the medical team, I don't know how I got through it. " Maia herself said she was delighted to be back in the classroom, and revealed how she had coped with her long stay in hospital. "I used to talk to my school friends on Skype when I was in hospital in London and the headmaster visited me a couple of times. " She also had a number of special visitors while on the hospital wards. "When I was in hospital I met the singer Adele, racing driver Lewis Hamilton, Alexandra Burke from the X Factor and two American astronauts, " she said.
But US officials have said one of the two attackers, Tashfeen Malik, pledged allegiance to Islamic State on social media on the day of the shooting. The other perpetrator, Syed Rizwan Farook, helped his wife Malik launch a deadly assault at a workplace event, killing 14 people The discovery of pipe bombs at the scene and more bomb equipment as well as weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition at their home suggests a degree of planning, investigators said. So who were the attackers and what evidence is there that they may have been extremists? Farook's wife, 29-year-old Tashfeen Malik, pledged allegiance to IS on social media, the day of the shooting, US officials have said. But much of her life in the US remains a mystery, the Washington Post reported. Days after the shootings, no-one has emerged as a friend - or even her acquaintance - in San Bernardino. What is known about her is that she came from a prosperous Pakistani family that practised Sufism - a more liberal interpretation of Islam that is viewed with scorn by more radical followers of the faith. Malik grew up in Saudi Arabia but in 2007 she returned to her ancestral homeland near Multan - in the Pakistani province of Punjab - to pursue a pharmacy degree at Bahauddin Zakariya University. She was a hardworking student, according to friends - and never showed any signs of religious extremism. "She was one of the top five students," Talal Shaheer, who studied studied pharmacy with Malik, told the BBC. "She was social, she would talk to boys, she would participate in class activities. she was not a religious activist," he said. Asked if she had spoken against the US, he said: "Never. Politics was not the topic of her choice. Her favourite topic was studies. " Another of her friends, Abida Rani, told the Washington Post that Malik changed around 2009, suddenly becoming more interested in Islamic studies than pharmacy. Ms Rani told the paper that Malik would daily travel across Multan to a madrassa that was believed to be espousing the ultra-conservative Wahhabi branch of Islam - often cited as the ideology of Islamic extremists around the world. The young student was reported to have declined being photographed at the end of her college life - believing it to be contrary to her new religious beliefs - and to have spoken Arabic much more frequently. She is believed to have met Farook in Saudi Arabia during the Hajj pilgrimage of 2013, a source told the Associated Press news agency. The FBI says Tashfeen Malik came to the US in July 2014 on a Pakistani passport with a fiance visa that required she get married within 90 days or leave the country. The US government did not pick up on extremist messages posted online when Farook and his wife began chatting. Farook and Malik talked about martyrdom and jihad as early as 2013, but they did not get on authorities' radars. To get the visa, she had to submit to an in-person interview and biometric and background checks to ensure she was not a threat to public safety or national security, AP reported. The couple were married in Riverside County in 2014 and celebrated the union at the Islamic Center in Riverside with a party for up to 300 people, Reuters reported. On Friday, David Chesley, a lawyer for the Farook family, said that family members described Malik as "soft-spoken" and "like a typical housewife". According to Mr Chesley, she did not drive, wore a burka, and did not interact with male family members. Malik applied for permanent residency in September 2014 and received a permanent resident green card in July 2015 following further background checks by the FBI and Department of Homeland Security. Syed Rizwan Farook was "living the American dream" and had "everything to be happy", people who knew him said. The Chicago-born 28-year-old had a good salary, earning $71,230 (£47,500) in 2013 as an environmental health specialist for the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health and had just become a father. He was a religious man, loved cars and also enjoyed shooting guns, according to a dating website profile believed to have belonged to him. "Enjoy working on vintage and modern cars, read religios books, enjoy eating out sometimes travel and just hang out in back yard doing target pratice with younger sister and friends," the badly-spelled profile under the username "farooksyed49" said, according to the Guardian. The profile on the Indian dating website Imilap. com - reportedly written about six years ago - is now shown as being "under review". His co-workers at the health agency appeared to like him, AP reports, holding a baby shower before his daughter was born in which they collected cash for him and his bride. Investigators are now examining the possibility he may have been radicalised. His two sisters, Saira Khan and Eba Farook, told the New York Times they had no idea that Farook and his wife were preparing for the assault and that the pair seemed happy with their six-month-old baby. A lawyer for the Farook family, Mohammad Abuershaid, said it was "in complete shock". Mr Abuershaid said the family had little indication that Farook was unhappy at work. But Mr Abuershaid said Farook had recently told family members that co-workers had mocked his beard. The lawyer said the family knew that Farook owned two handguns and two rifles that were kept locked up. However, the family said were unaware of the massive arsenal that the couple had amassed. He had been in touch with people in the Los Angeles area who had expressed extremist views and had also been in contact with people overseas who were "of interest" to the US authorities, NBC reported, quoting intelligence sources. Farook travelled to Saudi Arabia in 2013 during the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca and returned to the country in July 2014, the LA Times reported, quoting a security source. There was no record of Farook having travelled to Pakistan - where his parents were born. These trips did not attract the attention of the security services because they were short in duration and he did not travel to places where he could have spent a period of time in a jihadist training camp, a law enforcement official told the LA Times. However, the newspaper reported that investigators were examining the possibility that pipe bombs attached to a remote-controlled device found at the scene of the shooting were based on a design found in Inspire magazine, an online publication run by Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Farook prayed every day at the Islamic Center of Riverside - but stopped abruptly three weeks ago. The centre's director, Mustafa Kuko, said he had never shown any sign of holding extremist views. "He's a very committed person and he looked like a decent guy, looked very nice, cool-headed person, never gets into arguments with anyone, never gets into any disputes. He speaks with a soft and gentle voice. He is somewhat up to himself a little bit, not that social person," he told the BBC. Mr Kuko insisted the Islamic centre emphasised "issues of moderation, a balanced life, issues away from fanaticism" in its sermons. There were also some indications that Farook may have had an unstable family background. Court filings in 2006 and 2008 showed that Farook's mother Rafia filed restraining orders against his father, also called Syed, describing him as a mentally ill alcoholic who was taking medication and "threatens to kill himself on a daily basis", the Guardian reported. What makes this shooting different? - Multiple attackers, a woman involved, a well-planned attack, explosives and a fleeing attempt 'It's crazy they lived next door' - Neighbours tell the BBC of their shock that the attackers lived nearby Politicians 'shamed' for offering prayers - Does prayer do anything in the wake of a shooting?.
Warwickshire, resuming on 302-7, were all out for 334, with two quick wickets taken by Tim Murtagh (3-85). Opener Sam Robson was lost for a duck by the visitors, but Eskinazi's brilliant knock helped swing the game in their favour. The 23-year-old struck 24 fours and three sixes as he set a new career-best total to help Middlesex close on 302-6, trailing by only 32 runs. Adding 114 runs for the second wicket was done by him along with Nick Compton (33), who briefly retired hurt before returning to bat, and Dawid Malan (39). After being hit on the knee, Compton left the field on 12 not out and then returned following Malan's dismissal. The only other Middlesex batsman to reach double figures was John Simpson, while off-spinner Jeetan Patel's 3-29 for the Bears kept the hosts in contention. Warwickshire have yet to win in the Championship this season and are bottom of the table, 31 points behind sixth-placed Middlesex.
The USGS said it struck at 03:20 local time (10:20 GMT) four miles (6km) north-west of the town of American Canyon, at a depth of 6. 7 miles. At least 87 people have been taken to hospital in the Napa area, a renowned wine-producing region and tourist area. California Governor Jerry Brown has declared a state of emergency in order to deal with the effects of the quake. Officials in Napa said in a statement that the quake - believed to be the biggest in the region in 25 years - had destroyed four mobile homes and made 16 buildings "uninhabitable", as well as causing "approximately 50" gas main breaks and around 30 leaks from water mains. The clear-up operation will begin in earnest on Monday. At least three of those injured in Napa are in a serious condition. Three historic buildings in the town had been hit and two commercial buildings "severely damaged", the statement went on. Still reported without power were between 11,000 and 15,000 people by Sunday evening, a decrease from the 70,000 people immediately after the earthquake. "Red-tagged" are at least 33 buildings in the city of 77,000, meaning they have been deemed unsafe to enter, according to Community Development Director Rick Tooker as quoted by the Reuters news agency. A Red Cross evacuation centre has been set up in a church in the city. The California Highway Patrol in the San Francisco Bay area tweeted that it was "checking over crossings and bridges for obvious signs of structural integrity", and asked residents to report any signs of problems. "They say [the quake] went for 50 seconds. It felt like 50 minutes. I was just too terrified to even scream," antique shop owner Patricia Trimble told Reuters. The front window of her shop was destroyed, with cabinets on their sides and merchandise strewn across the floor. The site of the earthquake was 51 miles from Sacramento and about 30 miles north-east of San Francisco. Numerous small aftershocks were also reported on Sunday. California lies on the San Andreas Fault, which forms the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate, two of the large moving plates that form the Earth's crust. The San Francisco earthquake of 1906 and subsequent fires devastated the city. In 1989, a powerful earthquake struck San Francisco, killing more than 60 people and injuring hundreds.
The local residents association said the pets all suffered internal bleeding before they were put down following separate visits to  Forthquarter Park in Granton. It is unknown what caused the deaths which all happened since new year. The site, formerly part of Granton gas works, is owned by the National Grid. Extensive ground decontamination work was carried out before the park opened 10 years ago. John Young, whose dog Holly had to be put down, said: "I was in the park with her last Sunday and we did our usual walk and went home. "As I was getting into the house she slumped on the floor. I thought it was strange but helped her up and she slumped again. "I kept an eye on her that day and she wasn't getting better so first thing on the Monday I took her to the vet. "She was kept in overnight and put to sleep the following morning. "It was awful, the vet told me she had severe internal bleeding so I told him to put her to sleep. " June Hoy, from North Edinburgh, whose dog Zak also died said she walked her pet at the park several times a day. She said: "He started to become unwell shortly after and I was prescribed some antibiotics for him but they didn't help. "Two days later on Hogmanay he was back at the vet and scans showed he was bleeding internally. "I was gutted when I realised he would have to be put to sleep. "There was nothing the vet could do as the bleeding was so bad. "He was treated just like a member of our family. "He was a very healthy dog but within a matter of days he'd gone from being fine to dead. " A spokesperson for  Friends of West Pilton said they were alerted to the problem a few weeks ago. "We then put a post up on our Facebook page and quickly had six dog owners who told the same story. "We have written to the council and the local politicians to make them aware and they have now taken action. "Something has gone wrong if these dogs who were fit and healthy beforehand all died such horrible deaths. "If there is anything suspect in the park then action needs to be taken and people need to be aware of the potential danger they are putting their dog in. The matter is currently being looked into by our environmental health team, according to a City of Edinburgh Council spokeswoman. The National Grid spokeswoman mentioned that they are collaborating with City of Edinburgh Council environmental health officers. She said "extensive decontamination and ground clearance works" were carried out 10 years ago before the 40 acre site was redeveloped. She confirmed no vermin control work had been done at the park and "very limited weed control" was carried out once a year at the park fence line using "safe" chemicals. She said: "The park was opened in 2007 and we are not aware of any past environmental issues except an early issue with sewage contamination of a watercourse which we resolved working with Scottish Water. "A regime of regular chemical and bacteriological testing of the water bodies within the park is currently in place. "Expressing great concern, SNP MSP for Edinburgh Northern and Leith Ben Macpherson commented on the recent news of multiple dogs dying in Pilton and its surroundings, emphasizing the importance of people feeling secure while walking their dogs. " "The City of Edinburgh Council's environmental health officers are investigating this issue - I am in communication with the council and they are going to keep me updated. "To ensure that the community feels safe, it is important that we fully understand what has happened. "This will allow us to help put in place robust preventative measures. ".
Susic hinted he would stand down after Bosnia's exit at the group stage of the World Cup but says he has "gained the support of the executive board". Bosnia will face Cyprus, Belgium, Israel, Wales, and Andorra in Euro 2016 qualifying, which begins in September after their World Cup hopes were ended by losses to Argentina and Nigeria in Group F before a consolation win over Iran.
During the months of November to February, the UK skies are filled with large numbers of starlings, creating a mesmerizing wildlife display known as a murmuration. The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) is encouraging the public to share details and images of these events in London on its Facebook page. According to the RSPB starling numbers in London are continuing to fall. Thought to have resulted in the huge numbers of starlings that once lived in the capital moving away, the expansion of the city, eating into suitable permanent pasture, is said by the wildlife charity. With starling populations falling by over 70% across the UK in recent years, they have been placed on the list of UK birds most at risk. Despite this, they remain the second most common bird identified in London's Gardens, according to the 2010 Big Garden Birdwatch. The huge gatherings of starlings are at their largest in winter as they are boosted by thousands of migrant birds visiting from the European continent for Britain's milder Atlantic climate. Numbers of starlings in a roost can swell to around 100,000 in some places. The best time to see them is early evening, just before dusk, as they perform their aerial dance and choose their communal night-time shelter. Johann Holt of the RSPB said: "The starling roost is one of the most incredible natural spectacles we enjoy here in the UK and they are so easy to see. "You know that at a certain time in the evening the sky will start to turn black and it's mesmerizing watching the flock grow and grow. ".
They surrounded a house in South Yarmouth, Massachusetts, and ordered Shaun "Shizz" Miller out. Disguised, he walked outside, and upon realizing the "elderly man" was actually the 31-year-old they were looking for, they arrested him. He had been on the run since being charged with heroin trafficking offences in April. Two loaded weapons hidden in a laundry basket were found by officers when they searched the house in South Yarmouth, and nearly $30,000 (Â£23,000) in cash was also discovered. The charges against Mr Miller were tweeted by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms as part of a larger complaint into the Nauti street gang, with twelve other people also being charged.
On 21 November 2013, the then mayor Boris Johnson stood with the then head of London Underground (LU) Mike Brown and announced all ticket offices would be shut on the Tube network. Both have moved on to greater things but the hangover of that announcement has lasted until today. It was one of the most radical changes in Tube history and 953 jobs were earmarked for closure. The bosses tried to sweeten the pill on that day by announcing the Night Tube, but it was the job losses the unions really hated. Since that day, there have been numerous strikes, pickets, demonstrations, offers, and counter offers regarding job cuts and safety. However, under the Tory mayor, Boris Johnson, the unions had stopped striking as they were not achieving much progress. The ticket offices shut in 2015 and the unions managed to get the number of lost staff down to 838. So what changed? Politics. In the mayoral election last year, the unions reinvigorated their campaign against the cuts and when Labour's Sadiq Khan took power he promised a review of the ticket office closures - carried out by London TravelWatch. It found staff were not visible enough (but didn't comment on specific numbers) and it did not say ticket offices should be re-opened. For the first time, LU crucially admitted that they were short of staff. That marked the turning point, and it then became a question of numbers. The RMT  and TSSA unions walked out on 9 January much to the annoyance of the new mayor whose promise of "zero strikes" evaporated. LU offered 200 new posts then. This week that number rose - according to LU - to 325 with at least 200 of them being full-time. On top of that 325 will be taken on as part of annual recruitment to match those leaving their jobs on the Tube. The unions are delighted, as they say 300 or so jobs are lost a year through retirement etc, and there are already 70 unfilled posts. They have got more staff but it is some way short of the 838 laid off. LU said getting rid of 838 staff would save Â£50m a year. That saving will be reduced and now there is inevitably the question of affordability. Transport for London (TfL) is having to make big changes and big savings and there are job losses being made elsewhere. Conservative London Assembly member Keith Prince says: "Sadiq Khan has caved in and bought off the RMT by spending tens of millions of pounds on unnecessary jobs. " By recruiting in one area, bigger cuts will have to be made elsewhere. This though was a political and operational priority.
Children have been sexually abused and tortured in government detention, while rebels have recruited them in support roles and for combat, the report warns. It estimates that more than 10,000 children have been killed. Many more have been injured or have disappeared. Mr Ban urged both sides in the conflict to protect and uphold their rights. While the UN has previously accused the government and rebels of grave violations against children, the report is the first to have been presented to the UN Security Council. By Jim MuirBBC News, Beirut Ban Ki-moon's report is useful in highlighting some dangerous trends and the way they impact on children and civilians in general. Rebel groups have gained access to heavier weapons as the conflict has become more militarized, leading to more indiscriminate and deadly attacks. The same trend is seen in the increasing use of suicide and car bombs by militant jihadist groups, resulting in children often being among the victims. Additionally, the regime's deployment of deadly barrel bombs and other heavy weapons is mounting. The report also underlines the rebels' practice of recruiting minors for combat and auxiliary roles, making them liable both to attack and reprisal. It seems that if you are old enough to fight, you are old enough to be tortured and abused in a detention centre. The report calls on all sides to halt abuses affecting children. Depressingly, it is predictable that the appeal will fall on deaf ears. Mr Ban's special representative for children and armed conflict, Leila Zerrougui, is scheduled to brief diplomats on the report's findings next week. The report, which covers the period 1 March 2011 to 15 November 2013, says that in the early stages of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, violations were mostly committed by the Syrian military, intelligence services and pro-government militias. Then, as the fighting intensified and the armed opposition became more organised, an increasing number committed by rebel groups were documented. The report says children were arrested, detained with adults, ill-treated and tortured by government forces in large-scale arrest campaigns, particularly in 2011 and 2012. Witnesses said the abuses included "beatings with metal cables, whips and wooden and metal batons; electric shocks, including to the genitals; the ripping out of fingernails and toenails; sexual violence, including rape or threats of rape; mock executions; cigarette burns; sleep deprivation; solitary confinement; and exposure to the torture of relatives". Investigators documented reports of sexual violence perpetrated by intelligence and military personnel against children suspected of being affiliated with the opposition, the report says. Witnesses said sexual violence was used to humiliate, harm, force confessions or pressure a relative to surrender. It reportedly included "electric shocks to, or burning of, the genitals, and the rape of boys and, in a few instances, of girls". Allegations of sexual violence by rebel groups were also received, but the investigators were unable to further investigate them "owing to lack of access". Last week, Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad denied that there are any children being detained by the government and accused rebels of abducting and killing children. The UN report also highlights the recruitment of children, both in support roles and for combat, by rebel groups, including the Western-backed Free Syrian Army. Boys aged 12 to 17 years have been trained, armed and used as combatants or to man checkpoints, it says. "Interviews with children and their parents indicated that the loss of parents and relatives, political mobilization and peer pressure from families and communities, contributed to the involvement of children with FSA-affiliated groups," it adds. "Many boys stated that they felt it was their duty to join the opposition. " Mr Ban said: "Of particular concern were cases of recruitment or attempted recruitment of children within refugee populations in neighbouring countries. " A spokesman for the FSA Supreme Military Council told the New York Times that members of its affiliated groups had to be at least 18 years old and did not need to use children, but that other groups might have been deploying younger teenagers. The UN did not receive reports of formal recruitment of children by government forces, but troops and pro-government militia were said to have intimidated and seized young males, some under 18, to join them at checkpoints and during raids. Children were also used as human shields. The report says that over the past three years, thousands of children have been killed and maimed at anti-government protests; in government air strikes and ground operations; in massacres perpetrated by both sides; in armed clashes; and chemical weapons attacks. Investigators also said that rebel forces were believed to have carried out summary executions. Lack of access prevented them from systematic documentation, but they cited two killings in the north-eastern province of Hassakeh, where a 16-year-old boy was shot by the al-Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front and a 14-year-old boy by a Kurdish group.
DUP MLAs went into the poll with 10-seat advantage over Sinn Féin, but now, in a trimmed down Stormont, just one seat separates the two parties. Arlene Foster repeatedly claimed during her campaign that Sinn Féin could return as the biggest party. Was it a close shave for the DUP leader? And how do voters feel about it? Ruairi O'Neill, the owner of Sonny's Barbers shop on Belfast's Ormeau Road, stated that the rise in the pro-nationalist vote was partially due to the DUP's attitude towards republicans while in government. "I believe Sinn Féin received a larger vote because of the way they were treated by the DUP. " slagging them off, trying to divert away from the actual scandal [surrounding a botched heating scheme]," he said. Having given his first preference to the Green Party's Claire Bailey in last May's election, this time Mr O'Neill switched back to Sinn Féin. But his decision was mainly influenced by local issues - as well as the powerlessness of smaller parties, he said. Standing outside a bookmakers shop on the Ormeau Road, local resident William Russell would not have bet against the DUP and Sinn Féin returning as the two largest parties. "I don't think it's going to make the slightest bit off difference," he said. "It's politics in Northern Ireland - they vote by their families. They won't change. " Mr Russell, who voted Green, said the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal damaged the DUP and blamed its leader, Arlene Foster. "She was the lady who instigated it [the RHI scheme] and she was the one in charge of it, and she let it go on. " But in a hairdressers in the unionist heartland of Belfast's Sandy Row, the RHI scandal did not have any bearing on DUP supporter Joyce Elliott, who said she switched allegiance from the UUP to the DUP. "I just felt they were the stronger party this time and I just decided I'd give them a chance and see what happens," she says. She was against a return to direct rule and thought the DUP and Sinn Féin would have to form a government "of some description". "I can't see that it's going to do any good if they don't," she said. In east Belfast, another DUP voter said the election should never have been called and had simply wasted "nearly £6m of public money". An Ulster Unionist voter who did not want to be named said she felt sorry for Mike Nesbitt, who announced his resignation as the party's leader after its poor showing at the polls. "I agreed with his policies," she says, adding that he had stepped down too soon. The middle ground has been squeezed and shifted too in this election, with the nationalist SDLP overtaking Mr Nesbitt's Ulster Unionist Party for the first time. In the Ormeau Road's Kurl up and Dye salon, one SDLP voter said she was quite pleased with the party's performance. She expressed surprise at Sinn Féin's success, but believed the party would go back into government with the DUP. "We have come through situations before that were more difficult to overcome," added the woman, who also did not want to be named. Belfast teacher Oonagh was not impressed by Stormont's sectarian carve-up, which took place across the road in Corrie's butcher shop. The former SDLP voter decided to switch her first preference to the Alliance Party. "Years ago, it was a green and orange vote," she said. "Now I would not be voting at all according to religious grounds. "I work in education I feel very, very strongly about the cuts. I see how staff are suffering, I see how children are suffering. " She added she voted on the basis of "on-the-ground" issues, like education, healthcare and equality. "Those are the issues that I think are important. It's not about 'are we part of the UK, are we part of Ireland?'" Behind the counter, butcher Stephen Carson said he had not voted for years, as he had been turned off by a series of financial scandals in Stormont and did not think his vote would make a difference. "I'm not really into tribal politics," he said. The butcher wondered if Stormont's power-sharing government would make a comeback anytime soon. "No chance: I think we're heading for direct rule," he said. At the Original Just Gents Barber Shop next door, staff member Jim Clarke mentioned that he voted for the UUP "in defiance" of his family's tradition. "There's still a lot of bigotry in this county," he said. "It's cursed. Belfast? No - Hellfast!" But one of his customers, Colum Campbell, was more optimistic. He said that he just wishes everybody would get along, and that's really all it comes down to - so that you could go anywhere and not have to worry about what place you're in or any of that. "If we put our heads together, there's no reason why it couldn't happen. " ".
Tries from Ross Ford, Ruaridh Jackson and Fraser Brown were not enough as Peceli Yato and Henry Seniloli crossed to add to 17 points from Ben Volavola. "Really disappointing we didn't win," Townsend said. "The main parts of the game - the defence, the contact, our attack accuracy - weren't anywhere near where they need to be. " After a five-try win over Italy in Singapore and that famous victory against the Wallabies, hopes were high that Scotland would complete a clean sweep by putting Fiji away. However, a team featuring 12 changes from the win in Sydney lacked cohesion in attack and struggled badly in defence, missing 30 tackles. "For us to win Test matches we've got to defend really well - like we showed last week - and we probably missed too many tackles today," said Townsend, who tasted defeat for the first time as Scotland head coach. "Fiji came alive when they broke those tackles. We've got to look after the ball, make sure we work teams in our attack and probably too many balls got dropped in contact with the wet ball. " Townsend, while acknowledging his own team's shortcomings, was keen to emphasise how well Fiji played, particularly a man the former Glasgow coach knows all too well - former Warriors lock Leone Nakarawa. "Leone is an outstanding player, probably the best second-row in the world," said Townsend. "Certainly the best offloading player in the world. "At times we defended him really well, we managed to close him down, but at other times he kept his energy, his line-break ability, and created a fantastic try. "There were a number of Fijians that played really well. We didn't play as well as we have on tour, but I have to say credit to Fiji. They played some outstanding rugby, especially in that second half. Handling them was tough. Townsend hopes that the squad will gain more determination and realize that not executing well on defense or in attack phases will give opposing teams chances to defeat them. "We've got the template from last week on how we can beat the best teams in the world. This is a template to say 'this is how we're going to struggle against teams that are in the top 10, top 15 in the world, if we don't get things right'. "It's not so good when you lose but there will be areas where we'll be a better team from what we've learned today. ".
Horizon Nuclear Power said the work will give it a better understanding of the geological conditions offshore from the proposed Wylfa Newydd site. Samples will be taken from the seabed and coastline throughout July and August. The company claims the Â£8bn plant will employ 1,000 people once it begins working in the first half of the 2020s. Site Development Director Charlie Tasker said: "Although we'll be working 24 hours a day, we'll ensure the work doesn't cause any inconvenience to local people or tourists by keeping lighting and noise to an absolute minimum. At all times, we will maintain a distance of over 800 meters from the Cemlyn Bay nature reserve.
The partnership of council, police, health bosses and other agencies was launched in November to improve life in Weymouth's Melcombe Regis district. But at a public meeting on Wednesday, representatives outnumbered residents, who said they felt "disenfranchised". The Melcombe Regis Board said there had been "activity on the ground". More on this and other stories from across the South of England. Board chairman Matt Prosser said: "It does take time to establish relationships, to understand the challenges each organisation faces. Now we are witnessing some activity on the ground. He added: "We are doing work, particularly on the housing issue, which is our number one priority. " Resident Jenny Burchill, who sits on the Park Community Forum, said: "I'm told there are changes but as a resident you don't see them. Unfortunately, I believe the residents, in general, feel quite disenfranchised because we've had so many of these boards over the years and we've told them what's wrong and nothing has changed. "We are an itinerant population here, so I know they are disappointed with the lack of residents who have turned up. We have a lot of HMOs [houses of multiple occupation] - people are here for six months - so they don't have a vested interest in the area, they are not interested in what's going on at all. " According to police figures, there were 232 crimes reported in Melcombe Regis in March, compared with 26 in neighbouring Weymouth East and 53 in Radipole. These included 37 violent or sexual offences and 16 instances of criminal damage or arson.
Mr Poltorak said Ukrainian forces were coming under attack just two to four times a day - the lowest rate in the past year and a half. The reduction in violence comes a week after the latest ceasefire agreement came into force on 1 September. Last week's truce aimed to reinforce an agreement struck in Minsk in February. However, the UN said that civilian casualties more than doubled in the three months to mid-August, largely due to shelling by heavy weapons. The UN's human rights agency said there were at least 105 deaths and 308 injuries among civilians from mid-May to mid-August, compared with 60 deaths and 102 injuries from mid-February to mid-May. For the first time since the beginning of Ukraine's conflict with Russian-backed militants, there is tangible hope. It seems the ceasefire introduced last week is holding, but whether this signifies the end of the conflict altogether remains to be seen. But, without a doubt, there is movement both on the ground in the east and in official circles. Significantly, the rebels themselves are making positive noises. And some observers are interpreting a sudden change of leadership in the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic, which took place over the weekend, as a possible sign that Moscow wants to end the violence. But the fighting could flare at any moment, as President Petro Poroshenko reminded government officials on Tuesday. And any final peace deal will potentially face resistance from some quarters in Kiev, eastern Ukraine and Moscow. Has conflict fuelled influence of far right in Ukraine? Almost 8,000 people had been killed and nearly 18,000 injured since the conflict began in April 2014, the UN added, although it warned the true number could be much higher. Accepting the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court (ICC) over any war crimes that may have been committed on its territory since February 2014 was a separate development on Tuesday for Ukraine's government. Last year, Ukraine had only accepted the court's jurisdiction for the period between November 2013 and February 2014, during which pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych was ousted. Journalists were told by Mr Poltorak that they come under two to four attacks a day, with this being the lowest number of shootings over the past year-and-a-half. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov acknowledged fighting had died down but blamed Kiev for not moving forward on other provisions of the agreement, including greater autonomy for the rebel-held eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. "A relative stabilisation has indeed taken place from 1 September and there is practically no shelling by the Ukrainian armed forces of civilian populated areas in Donbass," Mr Peskov said. "But if you look at other conceptual points of the Minsk agreements. unfortunately you cannot note progress, it is impossible. " The Minsk Group, run by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), met on Tuesday to discuss the latest developments. Last week in the Ukrainian capital Kiev, violence broke out due to the granting of greater powers to the rebel-held regions - a crucial aspect of the Minsk agreement. Three members of Ukraine's national guard lost their lives as nationalists protested against the deal. Fighting escalated over the summer between the rebels and Ukrainian army forces, but the two sides agreed in late August to halt the violence on 1 September, the day children in the region return to school. Separatists seized large swathes of Donetsk and Luhansk in mid-April 2014, a month after Russia annexed Ukraine's southern Crimea peninsula amid international condemnation of the move. Moscow denies accusations by Ukraine and the West that it arms the rebels and sends regular troops across the border. The Kremlin says Russian "volunteers" are fighting alongside the rebel force in Ukraine.
Having previously pleaded guilty to drink driving in Waterville in July 2014, John O'Shea, 60, of Derrinadin, Mastergeeha, was represented by his solicitor who mentioned that his client lived 10km from Waterville and would be at a severe disadvantage if put off the road immediately. The judge agreed to delay the ban. Mr O'Shea's solicitor told Cahersiveen District Court in Killarney that gaelic football had been his client's "downfall on the day" the offence occurred. He went to Waterville for cow feed and ended up talking about Kerry's performance in beating Cork in the Munster football final, drinking too much and hitting a ditch while driving home. The accused's alcohol-blood reading - 198mg per 100ml - was such that the offence carried a three-year driving ban, the court heard. Mr O'Shea's solicitor asked if his client could not be put off the road until after the summer, with the legal limit being 50mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood. Mr O'Shea was asked if he had "good neighbours", to which he replied that they were "alright". The court heard his relatives live in County Cork. Judge James O'Connor then asked if Mr O'Shea was "going to stay single or will you take the plunge?" The judge was also told that, without transport, his client would be at a great disadvantage living in an isolated rural area. "You'd never know now with Star Wars," Judge O'Connor said, in reference to the increased visitor numbers to south Kerry due to the activity surrounding the filming of the movie on Skellig Michael. Being off the road would make it difficult for O'Shea to care for his cows and he would have to make arrangements to get rid of them, his solicitor said. "Or find himself a nice woman," the judge said. Mr O'Shea's solicitor noted that if the extension went beyond September, it would allow his client to go to the matchmaking festival at Lisdoonvarna. Judge O'Connor said it was not the purpose of the state to "nail" people in terms of undoing their livelihood and he granted an adjournment of the ban until 8 December. The Irish Road Victim's Association condemned the decision to delay imposing the driving ban. "What planet is this judge living on?" its chairwoman Donna Rice asked. The judge's prioritization of cow care over the protection of our families and children going about their daily business demonstrates his detachment from the harsh reality experienced by the numerous families left with seriously injured loved ones and family members killed by drunk drivers.
More than 20 male golfers, including the world's top four, have withdrawn from Rio 2016, leading to questions over the sport's place at future Games. ICC chief executive Dave Richardson suggested cricketers could do the same. "Will cricketers regard the Olympics as our pinnacle?" he asked BBC Test Match Special. "If it is not, then should it be there in the first place?" While most golfers pulling out of the Games - their sport has not featured at the event for 112 years - have cited fears over the Zika virus, some have suggested a gold medal holds no appeal for top players. Rory McIlroy, ranked number four in the world, had been anticipated to compete for Ireland. However, he stated that his primary focus is on winning major golf tournaments. "Golf provides valuable lessons," Richardson remarked. They have put a lot of work in and, for the top players not to play, they will probably be under fire from the International Olympic Committee. " Olympic chiefs have said they will look at the number of top golfers not playing at Rio this summer when considering the line-up for Tokyo 2020. A committee from cricket's rule-makers, the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), has proposed the sport apply for Olympic inclusion for Twenty20 cricket in 2024. As well as regular Test series between cricket-playing nations, teams also compete for the World Cup, the World Twenty20 and the Champions Trophy. Richardson, though, says an Olympic place for cricket "would do wonders for the game". He added: "If we want to truly globalise the game, engage China, America, Asia and parts of Europe then we have to be at the Olympics. " Cricket last appeared at the 1900 Paris Games, when just two teams - Great Britain and France - were involved.
Three officers have been disciplined after the Police Ombudsman found a series of failings in the 2014 case. Officers identified the wrong location and warned the wrong person about the viable bomb, the investigation found. Later, it was also discovered that the designated police phone line for receiving bomb threat information was left unstaffed. Two supervisory officers acknowledged their failure to arrange adequate coverage to ensure the phone was answered. The bomb, which failed to explode, was found about an hour after the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was first warned about the impending attack. The warning had been made to a third-party organisation, which then tried to call the police on the established bomb threat phone number. Unable to get through, the organisation's call was transferred to a lower ranking officer who made "inadequate" inquiries about the target and location of the bomb. This resulted in inaccurate information being passed to a duty inspector. In a statement, Police Ombudsman Michael Maguire said: "The outcome of this incident could have very much more serious. "The targets of this attack were, in effect, failed by the police. I have recommended that police put in place, as a matter of urgency, measures to prevent a recurrence. " However, Mr Maguire said the sanctions imposed by the PSNI on the supervisory officers were at a lower level than his report had recommended.
The Grade II-listed High Street Baptist Church currently has a leaking roof and a partially collapsed ceiling. The lottery grant will help pay for a £225,000 restoration project. David Brill, chairman of the church's friends group, said: "The grant from Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) has literally been the answer to our prayers. Constructed on the grounds of a former brewery in 1840-41, the building stands as the second-oldest English Baptist church in Wales. Despite the lack of any significant renovations since 1900, the slate roof is experiencing leaks, sections of the plaster ceiling have caved in on the upper gallery, and internal walls are being plagued by dampness. The HLF grant will also provide money to develop a program of education and activities to increase visitor numbers to the church. Mr Brill said. Diligently working on the repairs, the Friends have raised money through events, receiving a fantastic response from both church members and non-members alike. "Witnessing people united and collaborating towards a shared goal, securing the future of High Street Church, has been a delight - it has truly brought the church together. " "But without HLF, we would be buying bowls, buckets and tarpaulins to catch rain coming through the roof, and buckets and spades for children from sunday school and the kids club to dig out the built-up areas around the church. " The church hosts various community groups and clubs, including the People's Kitchen, a cooking project which feeds homeless people in the area. One of its leaders, Val Williams, said: "I am absolutely delighted that the funding received by the Friends of High Street will help to ensure that the premises will be able to continue to host vital social activities in an economically deprived area. "But not only that - it also helps to ensure that a site of immense local historical importance is preserved. ".
A report into HMP Moorland said almost half of all prisoners claimed it was easy to get drugs compared to 28% at the last inspection. Prison bosses said that more work needed to be done to tackle the problem, with inspectors stating that the availability of new psychoactive substances (NPS) was undermining recent progress. The report follows an unannounced inspection of the prison, near Hatfield Woodhouse, in February. It found the number of violent incidents, fights and assaults had increased since the last inspection in 2012 and levels were also higher than at similar prisons. Chief Inspector of Prisons Peter Clarke stated that there are genuine opportunities for progress at Moorland, but the problems related to NPS have a detrimental effect on the experiences of prisoners. "In particular, there is a real opportunity to make progress in embracing the prison's new role as a resettlement prison, and in delivering treatment programmes for sex offenders. " Responding to the report, Michael Spurr, Chief Executive of the National Offender Management Service, said: I am pleased that the inspector has highlighted the real progress being made at Moorland in purposeful activity as well as successfully introducing and managing sex offenders. " He said: "We are not complacent about safety and there is clearly more work to do to address levels of violence and tackle increasing availability of NPS at the prison. " A spokesperson for the Howard League for Penal Reform said: "The report uncovers a number of problems, not least the reality that one-in-three prisoners has nothing to do during the working day. "People turn to drugs when faced with idleness and despair. ".
Parklands High School in Speke will shut in August following consultations with parents, staff and students, Liverpool City Council said. It was placed in special measures following an inspection by Ofsted in December. Exploring different employment options for the staff was mentioned by the council, as other schools will have students transferring to them. Parklands High School's exam results are lower than those of other Liverpool schools, with only 32% of pupils achieving five GCSEs including English and maths, in comparison to the citywide average of 58%. The school opened in 2002 as a replacement for Speke Comprehensive. There are currently 198 pupils at the school, which has capacity for more than 900, and only 34 children applied for places in September. Councillor Jane Corbett, cabinet member for education, said: "We are now at the stage where the numbers are so low that it is not able to offer a full curriculum and this is simply not in the best interests of the pupils. " Pupils will transfer to others schools in the area including ESLA (Enterprise South Liverpool Academy), St Julies and Gateacre. Councillors will give final approval of the school's closure at a cabinet meeting on 21 March.
Two other boys, aged 15 and 16, were assaulted and required treatment. Witnesses are being sought by police after a disturbance involving a large number of teenage boys occurred at Auchinairn Gardens in Bishopbriggs around 00:05. A 16-year-old was seriously assaulted during the incident and was treated at Glasgow Royal Infirmary before being released. Detective Sergeant Jas Juttla mentioned that ongoing inquiries are being carried out to establish the complete circumstances surrounding the disturbance, and he appealed for any witnesses to step forward.
David Davis said he will ask MPs to throw out measures to allow for a "meaningful" parliamentary vote on the final exit package. If MPs pass the bill, the prime minister could trigger Article 50 as early as Tuesday. Theresa May has said she would rather walk away than agree to a "bad deal". Monday will be the second time MPs debate and vote on the EU withdrawal bill. Mr Davis will also call on the Commons to consider a vote that guarantees the rights of EU citizens in the UK. "However they voted in the referendum, the majority of people now want the prime minister to be able to get on with the job," he said. The amendments were made to the Brexit bill after they were backed by a majority of peers, most recently last week. Labour, the party that claims to be the only party with a "radical vision" for Brexit, has also requested Mrs May to grant them permission to move forward. The bill could reach its final stages on Monday if the Lords approve the decisions made by MPs in their earlier vote. Meanwhile, an influential committee of MPs has said there was a real possibility the talks could end with no resolution and called on ministers to draw up a plan if a deal fails to be agreed. "It is clear from our evidence that a complete breakdown in negotiations represents a very destructive outcome, leading to mutually assured damage for the EU and the UK," the Commons foreign affairs committee said. Failing to prepare for such an outcome would be considered a "serious neglect of duty," the MPs stated, as both sides would experience economic losses and damage to their international reputations. Brexit: All you need to know The UK's Brexit plans: Theresa May sets out her approach Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry said the government had been "reckless" not to prepare for a Leave vote and also in its approach to Article 50 negotiations. "All we have heard from the government so far is that if there is no deal, they are prepared to "break the British economic model". "There are some very serious issues highlighted in this report which must be addressed. It is completely inadequate to brush these questions off and claim what would happen without a deal is "an exercise in guesswork". " The UK could trigger Article 50, the formal process for leaving the EU, as early as Tuesday, if MPs accept the amendments. Once Mrs May starts the process it will begin a two-year period of negotiation. Conservatives Alistair Burt and Jeremy Lefroy have said Parliament should have a proper role in the plans. Writing in the Mail on Sunday, they said there is "determination" by ministers to be involved in talks whether an agreement is reached and if there is a no deal. "There is an absolute logic that Parliament should be given a say in both circumstances but the government has been reluctant to agree to a vote in the case of no deal, arguing it would hamper negotiations. "But if the UK's stance is not weakened by having to seek a vote on a final deal, why should the government fear a vote on "no deal"? "Just because the consequences of a vote at the end of the process are immense, there is no reason to deny Parliament that vote. ".
Kevin O'Malley, during an interview on RTÉ's Marian Finucane Show, expressed his anticipation for the trip to take place within the upcoming 12 months. In May 2011, Mr. O'Malley made the trip. Obama visited Ireland. In the small village of Moneygall, Co Offaly, he visited his ancestral home. Mr O'Malley paid tribute to President Obama as a "spectacular leader and role model" whose "character is impeccable". "Upon saying goodbye on Wednesday of this week, President Obama's final words to me were 'please tell them (Ireland) I'm coming'. Mr Obama is scheduled to leave the White House officially on 20 January when President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated.
The European Court of Justice ruling instead recommends the introduction of alternative tax measures. The Scotch Whisky Association (SWA) and First Minister Nicola Sturgeon have both welcomed the ruling. The legislation to bring in a minimum price of 50p per unit was passed by the Scottish Parliament in May 2012. A legal challenge was brought by the SWA, which argued the Scottish government's legislation breached European law. The European court ruling said: "The Court of Justice considers that the effect of the Scottish legislation is significantly to restrict the market, and this might be avoided by the introduction of a tax measure designed to increase the price of alcohol instead of a measure imposing a minimum price per unit of alcohol. " It added: "The court states that it is ultimately for the national court to determine whether measures other than that provided for by the Scottish legislation, such as increased taxation on alcoholic drinks, are capable of protecting human life and health as effectively as the current legislation, while being less restrictive of trade in those products within the EU. " Reacting to the judgement, Ms Sturgeon tweeted: "ECJ opinion on minimum pricing welcome. "We believe it is most effective way of tackling alcohol misuse. National court will now decide. " Health Secretary Shona Robison added: "This ruling from the Court of Justice of the European Union indicates, importantly, that it will be for the domestic courts to take a final decision on minimum unit pricing. "While we must await the final outcome of this legal process, the Scottish government remains certain that minimum unit pricing is the right measure for Scotland. We believe it is the most effective mechanism for tackling alcohol misuse and reducing the harm that cheap, high-strength alcohol causes our communities. "We maintain that minimum unit pricing would target heavy drinkers as they tend to drink the cheap, high strength alcohol that will be most affected by the policy. "The case will now continue to the Scottish courts, and we look forward to a hearing in the new year to determine the outcome in this case. " David Frost, SWA chief executive, said: "The SWA always said European Union law issues were central to this case, and so it has proved. This settles EU law issues once and for all. "The court has confirmed that minimum unit pricing is a restriction on trade, and that it is illegal to choose MUP [minimum unit pricing] where there are less restrictive ways of achieving the same end. "The Scottish courts will now reflect on the implications of the ruling and all the evidence, before issuing a final judgement. " Plus ça change, plus ça même chose. The legal process, which began in 2012 when the Scottish Parliament passed legislation allowing a MUP for alcohol to be set, is far from over with Wednesday's ruling from the European Court of Justice (ECJ). The Court of Session in Edinburgh, which had asked the ECJ to rule on whether MUP contravenes EU law, will now handle the matter. The Scottish judges will have to examine all of the evidence to help them decide whether improvements in public health - which the government says is the desired aim of MUP - could be achieved by other means, notably increasing tax rates. Ministers have argued that MUP would specifically hit high-strength alcoholic drinks which cause significant problems, particularly among young people. Whatever the Court of Session decides, it is almost inevitable there will be a further appeal to the UK Supreme Court, either by the Scottish government or the Scotch Whisky Association, whose challenge to the policy has halted its implementation. Alison Douglas, chief executive of Alcohol Focus Scotland, said the ruling showed Scotland would be able to introduce minimum pricing "provided it is more effective than taxation". Ms Douglas argued minimum pricing was a better measure than alcohol taxes, which are "limited in their ability to raise the price of the cheapest alcohol to a level that will actually reduce harm". She also criticised the Scotch Whisky Association, saying it had "blocked the democratic will of the Scottish Parliament and sacrificed public health to protect their members' profits". The chairman of BMA Scotland, Dr Peter Bennie, added: "The case for minimum unit pricing has always been based on the fact that it achieves what taxation cannot when it comes to reducing the harm caused by alcohol, so the decision of the European Court setting out the test that must be applied to the policy is a welcome one. "Today's ruling returns the case to the Scottish courts and puts Scotland a step closer to implementing minimum pricing. " Scottish Health Action on Alcohol Problems (Shaap), which represents medical professionals, also welcomed the judgement. The Scottish minimum unit pricing policy has to be justified as a regulatory measure to work alongside taxation increases, Shaap director Eric Carlin said, effectively confirming. "We hope that the Scottish courts will now move quickly to gather evidence to conclude this case and that the Scottish government will then implement this key policy without delay." " Holyrood ministers have previously said minimum pricing was vital to address Scotland's "unhealthy relationship with drink". Under the plans, the cheapest bottle of wine (9. 4 units of alcohol) would be £4. 69 and a four-pack of 500ml cans of 4% lager would cost at least £4. It would mean a 70cl bottle of whisky could not be sold for less than £14.
The match at the Caledonian Stadium will now be played on Tuesday, 12 April, with a 19:45 BST kick-off. Up to 12 Hearts players have been suffering from gastroenteritis and an under-20s match was cancelled to provide cover. Robbie Neilson, the head coach, expressed concern about the bug spreading. "Having been away on Scotland Under-21 duty, some players had caught it, as had a couple of players from other teams," he informed BBC Scotland. "They came back here, John Souttar had it and it looks like it has spread from there and all five of them that went away last week with the 21s were down with it and a few other guys as well. "The worry is that it then spreads even further through the club and possibly even up to Inverness with the Inverness players. "So, the doctor's made the decision we're going to have to close this place down for two days, get it cleared out and hopefully by the time we come back in on Thursday be ready to go. Next Tuesday, if we manage to make it up there, it will mark the third attempt to get the game played and we are eager to finally get it done. This time around, it has been an expensive trip with three journeys, three hotels paid for, and three bus journeys paid for. In a statement, the Scottish Professional Football League stated that Hearts had requested the postponement due to the majority of their first-team squad being affected by injuries or illness, with only one fit goalkeeper over the age of 16. The Heart of Midlothian FC doctor has provided written evidence to the SPFL of the injuries and sickness of all those affected and has also warned of the potential for further infection among other squad members and players and staff of Inverness Caledonian Thistle FC. "In these exceptional circumstances, the SPFL has agreed to the postponement request. " Hearts are scheduled to play Aberdeen at Tyencastle on Friday evening. "It's important that we get Friday's game done and then try and get the game done next Tuesday because it's an important period for everyone, not just ourselves but the other teams as well trying to get into the top six," added Neilson.
Since his debut in August 2015, Enobakhare, born in Nigeria and 18 years old, has made 10 first-team appearances for Wolves. Flatt, who is 22, has not yet appeared for Wanderers but played 10 times on loan at Cheltenham to help Town win the National League title last season. Midfielder Dave Edwards signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal on Monday.
Cardiff Community Housing Association and Morganstone have submitted plans for the development next to Cardiff Council's offices on Schooner Way. Part of it will be an apartment block overlooking Atlantic Wharf, with 85 flats and 32 affordable homes on the rest of the site. The plan has been recommended to go ahead by planners at Cardiff council. A decision will be made on Wednesday.
Turnout at the last Welsh local council elections in 2012 was 38. 6%. Society director Jess Blair said politicians needed to make a "big effort" to modernise the process and engage Welsh voters. The Welsh Government is looking at changing the way councillors in Wales are elected. Monday will mark one month until the deadline to register to vote to be eligible to vote in this May's local elections, which will determine who will run everything from schools, to local libraries and bin collections across Wales. At last year's assembly election voter turnout was just 45. 3% while turnout in Wales for the EU referendum was 71. 7%. In 2003, the lowest assembly election turnout recorded was 38. 2%. Ms Blair told BBC Wales' Sunday Supplement programme, politicians and ministers had a "responsibility" to address issues which stop people voting in Welsh elections. "Politics has often held us back from removing barriers in elections," she said. "If we look at the types of systems that we are using they are quite archaic, people can only turn out on a Thursday and vote between 7:00 GMT and 22:00, it doesn't reflect the modern age. "Politicians kind of need to get with it a little bit and think about how they can interest voters and engage with them a lot more and remove those barriers to people voting. " Ahead of last year's assembly election, current Economy Secretary Ken Skates said compulsory voting should be considered to boost turnout in Wales. But Ms Blair said online voting, on-the-day registration, and allowing people to register when they access council services, should be part of the solution. "I think forcing people who don't understand the process or don't feel informed, is kind of putting the blame on the voter, rather than the politicians, decision makers or councils themselves to put their messages across and really inform and engage voters," she added. Local Government Secretary Mark Drakeford is considering ways of changing the system in Wales, including letting authorities decide which voting system they use. He wants feedback on offering a form of proportional representation - currently used in Scotland, rather than the current "First past the post" system. Cardiff University's Professor Roger Scully mentioned that voters felt they "didn't have a choice," which is one reason for the low turnout at Welsh local elections. At the last council elections, 9% of seats in the 22 local authorities were uncontested, meaning only one candidate was on the ballot. Prof Scully told the Sunday Supplement programme the turnout at the EU referendum showed people voted when they thought their vote mattered. "When people think there's a choice that's very stark, where they can really make a difference then they turn out to vote. ".
The letter is significantly more co-operative in tone than much of the rhetoric that got the country to this point. The word 'co-operate' appears five times, 'partner' nine times, and 'citizen' seven times. There's no mention of the word 'budget' or 'cost', or of 'taking back control'. There's a threat in there that if there isn't a trade deal between the EU and UK, the efforts to combat crime and terrorism will be weakened - without saying how or why. But it makes clear that the negotiations ahead are overwhelmingly about the economy, with the aim of getting to a "bold and ambitious free trade agreement", based on "deep, broad and dynamic co-operation". So where have we got to, and what does the letter tell us? The main impact has been to the value of the pound and, through that, to imported inflation. Arguably, the economy needed that anyway. By buying more than Britain was selling, it was drawing in capital from overseas, and it didn't look sustainable. With prices lower in sterling, exports have been doing nicely. Consumers, until recently, have kept consuming, with low interest rates prompting them to cut down on savings and boost borrowing. That doesn't look sustainable either, least of all as price inflation is poised to overtake earnings growth. There were many dire warnings about economic collapse immediately following the vote, including an emergency budget and further, much more drastic spending cuts. They've proven to be vastly overblown. The chief scaremonger, George Osborne, has gone off to advise Blackrock investment fund and edit the Evening Standard. They remain forecasts. But if true, they mean the economy will grow more slowly than it would otherwise do, at least over the next 13 years, leaving a gap of around 8% where EU membership might have taken us. That assumes a loss of the dynamic impact of immigrant workers, and less inward investment. It is with new ways of working, often brought by foreign firms and helped by foreign workers, that productivity is driven faster. So without that, expect British productivity to slow further, when it's already poor. The more positive outlook is that the gap will be filled by faster growth through trade deals struck elsewhere, and by a reduction in regulation from Brussels letting businesses grow faster. The best outcome would maintain open trading access, with a simple, seamless transition of laws and regulations for goods and services, retaining complex supply chains for manufacturers. The Great Repeal Bill, to be published on Thursday, is intended to start that process, transferring all those amassed European laws into British law, at least for now. There's a big question of how much those rules and regulations will get unpicked, dumped or reworked. It probably depends on who has the loudest lobbying voice. For instance, some will want to de-regulate labour markets, perhaps reducing the maximum working week which came from an EU directive and which has cost companies and public services a lot. Worker representatives will be lobbying to ensure that doesn't happen. In the sunniest outcome for Brexiteers, immigration policy could focus on recruiting only the most productive immigrant workers, then making sure they don't stick around long enough to become a net drain on public services. For those who see storm clouds over the British economy, none of that happens. Access to markets is hampered by customs, paperwork showing proof of origin and some tariffs. Different sectors would be affected differently by a shift to what are known as World Trade Organisation, or WTO rules. Scotch whisky, for instance, would continue to see tariff free access to European markets, because that is already on offer to other countries without an EU trade deal. But the car industry has a lot to fear from that; a 10% tariff on car sales into EU markets, other tariffs on the many components which cross borders in the supply chain, and the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders estimates Â£1,500 on every EU-manufactured car imported into Britain. The impact on services is more complex, and harder to see, but potentially very serious. Financial services can operate in every EU country at present, without needing a licence in each one. If that 'passporting' right is lost, and seems likely, that would impose a big cost to set up in each country. Simply retaining current contracts is causing concern. Under different legal circumstances, they face the requirement to redraw them. Again, it depends on what can be negotiated to minimise such complexity. That depends how different sectors are affected by the outcome of negotiations. A special deal could be done for car manufacturers, for instance, mainly in the Midlands and North of England. (Some think such a deal has already been done. ) But fishing is one sector at special risk, even though skippers were those most eager to see a Brexit vote. More than 70% of UK deep sea fishing is in Scotland. (I wrote about this in October. ) It will be a priority for French, Spanish and probably Irish negotiators to retain access to British waters. Relative to the rest of the economy, the size of the British fishing industry might look expendable, as it did back in the early 1970s. If not, and access is denied, a suggestion that comes from a French businessman exporting shellfish from Glasgow is that there won't just be blockages in negotiations, but blockades at French ports. Ronald Scordia can foresee problems in getting his fresh and sometimes live catches to French, Spanish and Italian markets. Angelbond, his French-owned company, is looking to expand in Glasgow, but also to hedge against Brexit risk by opening up operations in Ireland as well. Much of the risk and opportunity around Brexit is common to Scotland and the rest of the UK, but demography is one area where Scotland has the most distinctive problem. Immigrants are more likely to set up businesses. One of those I've heard from recently is Petra Wetzel, German founder of West brewery in Glasgow. She says that if she's forced to leave the country, it will be by being dragged, and she'll take a business with her, employing 125 people. A third of them are EU nationals. Another company with deep roots in Scotland, publisher Harper Collins, is suffering the impact of EU nationals leaving the Bishopbriggs plant already, according to its chief executive Charlie Redmayne speaking at the London Book Fair. It is almost entirely through immigration that Scotland has turned around its declining population. Without more young working age people, it was heading into serious problems. Prof Anton Muscatelli, principal of Glasgow University, economist and chair of the Scottish government's advisory group on Brexit, told me that by 2015, Scotland was home to 181,000 non-UK EU nationals. Of them, 115,000 were aged between 16 and 35. He says that has turned round Scotland's demographic challenge, bringing skills. It has "boosted and reversed the decline in Scottish demography, and in terms of Scotland's prospects, that is the key". If the home-grown population is to make up for the departure of such people, they will have to train, work hard, accept pay that's competitive with trading partners, and have more babies. I took a look at that a couple of weeks ago. That question is a big one. Happy reading.
Media playback is not supported on this device Tamsin Greenway and Pamela Cookey, two of the biggest names in English netball, are spearheading two of Britain's three new top-flight clubs. But, while their job titles are the same, their circumstances, approach and recipes for success are somewhat different. Greenway left Surrey Storm after coaching them to a second-successive Grand Final triumph and moved to Coventry to join the Wasps family - or brand, depending on which way you look at it - as one of the country's top rugby union clubs decided to expand into netball. Cookey, the former England captain who played in Greenway's Grand Final-winning Storm side, retired as a player only for her business career to unexpectedly return her to the sport within months as director of netball at Severn Stars - a club formed as a collaboration between the University of Worcester and University of Gloucestershire. "It's exciting and I do love a challenge," Cookey, 32, told BBC Sport. "I want to put my mark on something. And this is something new, something I could bring my ideas to. " The task? To help build an elite squad of 12 players, establish three development sides, build community support, a fan base and club identity from scratch in six months. Sat in her first meeting with Wasps powerbrokers, Greenway admits she completely failed to "play it cool" as figures around the table discussed their plans to throw their Premiership-rugby-sized resources - including an exhibition centre - behind one of the Superleague's new clubs. "I couldn't contain myself and think I said, 'oh my God, this is my dream job'," said 34-year-old Greenway. "When I was sat there and they were telling me all these ideas of what they wanted to do, that is what I was thinking - this is what I've worked towards for 10 or 12 years and I can't believe I'm sat here. " Greenway, capped 67 times by England between 2004 and 2015, left Surrey after seven years to join Wasps, who identified her as the cornerstone figure of their audacious expansion project. "She was one of the most talented players to play for England, but she's also got the business brain and sporting brain to go with it," said Wasps group chief executive David Armstrong. "The world is her oyster in terms of netball. As the sport grows in popularity and in participation she is bound to be at the forefront of it, so recruiting her as director of netball was probably my best decision of the year. "As a newcomer into the sport, the most important decision was always going to be the recruitment of director of netball or head coach because that is what was going to bring the idea to life and help recruit players. "In Tamsin, we have got that. " Likewise, the Stars made sure their first appointment would be one that resonated in the netball world. Even before seven-time Superleague winner Cookey arrived with her 114 England caps, Severn Stars were already being moulded by a former international playing great and new head coach, Mo'onia Gerrard - a two-time World Cup winner with the Australian Diamonds. The pair, once fierce rivals on court, are now the closest of colleagues. "Oh, I had plenty of battles with her on court. She was a pain," said Cookey. "It was weird, the first conversation we had, because it was like we had known each other for years. " The Australian's arrival was a "major coup" for the fledgling franchise, says founding director Anita Navin. "She was a massive brand straight away that said we mean business," said Navin. Early on, I had an idea of what needed to be done in order to be visible. I was concerned about being a new franchise and not being recognized as an essential part of it, which might result in difficulties recruiting players. Building a brand in just two weeks was a major concern, leading to many sleepless nights. Recruiting players without a coach is impossible because they are interested in the coach's style. Many athletes in our country have their own style preferences and do not appreciate authoritarian coaching. They prefer to be empowered and have ownership, so the coach's selection was crucial for us. "And it couldn't just be someone that has a tiny element of experience at international level, we needed to get someone that had been there and lived it. " When Cookey walked off the Copper Box court after helping Surrey Storm defend their title in May 2016, did she expect to start retirement as a senior lecturer at the University of Gloucester and director of netball at the then, yet-to-be identified new franchise? No. "It came at the right time," said Cookey, a figure that Navin had long tried to get involved with the game in Gloucestershire. "I wasn't thinking about any netball jobs at all when I retired. It wasn't on the radar. "This is a nice opportunity to stay in the sport and I could create something with netball and could develop my career on the other side. " While Severn Stars might lack Wasps' established professional sporting pedigree, they have the pooled resources of two universities. They will play at the 2,000-seater Worcester Arena, calling on the netball nous of Navin - one of the country's foremost coaching advisors - while utilising communication, marketing, strength and conditioning, performance analysis and sports therapy expertise at the schools. Media playback is not supported on this device As an athlete, Cookey was used to being busy as she effectively lived a double life, juggling an international playing career and club ambitions with business management jobs, which at a time also included commutes from Bristol to France. Unlike Greenway's post at Wasps, Cookey is less focused on what happens on court as she only contributes as a specialist coach, with former Hertfordshire Mavericks head coach Sam Bird coming in as assistant coach. Cookey's job is one that ranges from ensuring the complex partnership between the two universities works to helping sign players, establishing links with grassroots netball clubs, generating corporate support, working on events and helping to make sure that everything adheres to Superleague regulations. She has even had an influence on the creation of Twitter accounts and merchandise. Asked if she could have chosen a tougher job in netball after retiring from the game, she laughed: "Probably not. I tend to do that to myself, I'm never one to do things by half. "This job brings together my talents. It's the right fit for me. I can still be in netball but not be playing or coaching. Bold recruitment drives were mounted by both Wasps and Stars, with franchise bids won and bosses in place. Among several Surrey players to follow their boss to the Ricoh Arena is last season's top scorer Rachel Dunn, while fellow England international Natalie Haythornthwaite moved to Wasps from Manchester and South Africa captain Bongiwe Msomi returns to the English league to reunite with Greenway. "It was nice to get my dream team and honestly this is the pick of who I wanted," said Greenway. "I took a lot of stick for bringing so many players in from different clubs, but I've had relationships with these players, we have worked together a long time. "We brought in big names, we knew we had to get people talking. I think we have become a target, of course we have. "I had to work hard to convince some of them. There are some unknowns, we've still got George Fisher to make her mark, Fran Williams, Lucy Harris, Lucy Parize - these are important players because this is not about a one hit wonder, it's a building process. " From the sleepless nights thinking about how to approach and convince players to suit up for the Stars, the club has gone from zero to 100 players - across four teams and development squads and training partners - wearing the Severn colours in six months. Jodie Gibson was the first player to sign and she was one of three England internationals to leave last season's losing finalists Manchester Thunder to join the new franchise. "We needed quick wins before we could market who we were," said Navin. "We wanted the right people to share the identity, and that is the conversation we had with those three. " From there, the squad was built, taking in emerging England talent and those with Superleague experience, before looking at players in local trials. "It feels like the jigsaw has come into place," she said.
An increase in anti-social behavior fueled by the drug, said to leave users in a "zombie-like" state, has prompted the launch of extra patrols. Officers responded to 58 incidents related to Spice in the city center between Friday and Sunday. "We cannot afford" for the problem to get worse, Ch Supt Wasim Chaudhry said. Effects of the synthetic drug can be extreme, causing hallucinations, psychosis, muscle weakness and paranoia. Ch Supt Chaudhry said officers were doing all they could to tackle the issue but "a multi-agency approach is the only way we can fight this battle". "The truth is, tackling the issues caused by Spice is putting pressure on public services and is taking up a lot of our resources, particularly in Manchester city centre," he said. "Those who take Spice are often left incapacitated or seriously ill and need the help of our partners in the NHS and ambulance service. "They can also become aggressive and become a danger to themselves and others. " He said it was "a problem that we cannot afford to get any worse". The Greater Manchester force has increased the number of specially-trained officers dealing with the issue. It has also been working with Manchester City Council's adults and children's services, rough sleeper and outreach teams, local charities, as well as North West Ambulance Service and the NHS, he said. Councillor Pat Karney said he wanted to discuss the problem with Home Secretary Amber Rudd because "the experience in Manchester is going to spread up and down this country". "What is happening in Manchester will happen nationally so the next steps we're taking is to see the chief constable and review the situation, and then we're going to be seeking a meeting with the home secretary," he said. Daniel Gerrard, Founder of Addiction Helper and Family Interventionist, thinks that the real problem began with the term 'Legal High', which stigmatized the drugs in a way that made them more prevalent and socially acceptable. "Illegal Highs like Spice should be classified as Category A Drugs. " This will allow us to educate those using and those thinking of trying it for the first time that extremely serious consequences are attached with this drug. "My experience with those addicted to Spice is that they can be very volatile and present with mental health issues, often without mental health being an issue prior to using Spice. Addicts are dying more and more, with the addiction problem continuing to rise. It should be made quite clear that addiction treatment should not be reduced because of austerity, as the recent crisis with this drug has shown. ".
At the end of January, the 28-year-old, who is a free agent, can play in midfield or at full-back and agreed to leave Birmingham by mutual consent. Having previously worked with new Bury manager Lee Clark at Blues, the ex-Celtic trainee and one-time Scotland international scored a memorable last-minute goal under Clark to keep Birmingham in the Championship in May 2014. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Questioned by police last year over two allegations of offences dating back three decades was The Right Reverend Michael Perham. No action was taken and now the Church of England has ended its own internal inquiry. "I am glad that the church process has concluded and that the outcome is clear and decisive," said Bishop Perham. "The Church has to be rigorous in its approach to safeguarding and, as I made absolutely clear from the start, its investigations had to be thorough to leave no doubt about its conclusions. " Even though the Metropolitan Police dropped its inquiry after two months, the Church of England continued with its own investigation. During the time he later described as "distressing and painful," Bishop Perham stepped back from his duties. He officially retired on 21 November, and a special service to celebrate his 10 years as bishop was cancelled. But now the diocese has announced a service of thanksgiving to mark his "committed and dedicated ministry" will take place in Gloucester Cathedral on 13 June. "Following a police investigation last year, which resulted in no further action, the matter in relation to Bishop Michael was reviewed by the Church of England in accordance with its national safeguarding policy," a diocesan statement said. "We are gladdened by today's news from Lambeth Palace that following the completed review and independent risk assessment, Bishop Michael has been cleared to take up ministry in his retirement. Bishop Perham said he was "immensely heartened" he could now return to ministry and he was looking forward to the cathedral celebration which would bring his time as bishop "to a proper conclusion". "I have a deep sense of gratitude to all in the Diocese of Gloucester, and beyond, who have supported, encouraged and upheld me, and my family, through a long and testing process," he added.
The 3,000km race through the Australian desert, from Darwin to Adelaide, is the classic test for innovators trying to push the boundaries of what is possible with a Sun-powered vehicle. Solar Team Great Britain will be entering the event's Cruiser Class, which puts the emphasis on practicality as well as efficiency. The cars must carry passengers. They cannot simply be some pencil-thin, ultra design that only a driver can squeeze into through a removable cockpit canopy. "Cruiser Class is about two or more seats. It's about a practical car," said Steven Heape, who leads the team of volunteers behind Solar Team Great Britain. "In many ways, it's the class that goes back to the roots of the competition. It was envisaged as a design competition for cars that could run on the Sun, but extrapolating that forwards it meant we would ultimately get to the productionisation of solar vehicles. " To succeed, the Brits will have to overcome expert teams from the Netherlands. Throughout its 30-year history, the competition has been dominated by the Dutch - so much so that 2017's race is being promoted on Twitter with the hashtag #BWSCTakeOnTheDutch. Mr Heape, an engineer and renewables consultant, has pulled together a range of talents. At one end, he has students; at the other, he has experienced hands from the likes of Airbus and QinetiQ. There's even a former Concorde aerodynamicist in the group. Development work on the car is coming on apace. The motor and drive technology have been identified, and the vehicle control system is already running on a test bench. The chassis is expected to go into production in mid-January. By early New Year, the final shape of the car should also have been frozen as well. Mr Heape explained that our Version 5. 1 is what you see. "We have a strategic relationship with the Centre for Modelling & Simulation (CFMS) in Bristol, who have one of the UK's largest supercomputers, and we'll be using that to run our aerodynamics design through until mid-Jan, early Feb. We want to chase down every last little bit of drag. " Race strategy will be critical. Although the car will carry a five-square-metre silicon solar array to collect energy from the Sun, the rules do permit the vehicle to be charged externally from the mains. But any team that wants to take an energy boost from the grid will also need to compensate by having  more passengers (weight) onboard. "Teams will be thinking through the permutations. Is it better to charge more often and put more people in; or charge less often and put in fewer people?" The 2013 event saw a four-seater solar car travel from Darwin to Adelaide with an external energy consumption of only 64 kilowatt hours. In comparison, a modern family car consumes around 56mpg and will have an energy consumption of approximately 5,000kWh. Road testing its vehicle come April, Solar Team Great Britain wants to be, with the car to be shipped to Australia in July. The race itself starts on Sunday 8 October. "Itâ€™ll be a harsh environment - 3,000km through the desert, with the flies and the dust and the heat. But if you want to show you've produced a robust and resilient solar design - thatâ€™s the environment you need to go into," Mr Heape told BBC News. Jonathan. Amos-INTERNET@bbc. co --> Amos@bbc. co-INTERNET uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos.
In just two years here I have clearly absorbed a lot of the local prejudices about what it means to be "Japanese". My confusion lasts only until Ariana opens her mouth. Suddenly everything about her shouts out that she is Japanese, from the soft lilting tone of her voice, to her delicate hand gestures and demure expression. Well of course she is. Ariana was born in Japan and has lived here all her life. Little does she know of her father's home back in Arkansas in the United States. But to many Japanese, and I really do mean many, Ariana Miyamoto is not Japanese. Not fully anyway. Ariana is what is known in Japan as a "hafu", taken from the English word "half". To me the word sounds derogatory. But when I ask her Ariana surprises me by defending the term, even embracing it. "If it was not for the word hafu, it would be very hard to describe who I am, what kind of person I am in Japan," she says. "If I say I am 'Japanese' the reply would be: 'No, you can't be'. People will not believe that. But if I say I am 'hafu', people agree. There is no word like hafu outside Japan, but I think we need it here. In order for us mixed kids to live in Japan, it is indispensible and I value it. " In Japan the reaction to Ariana's victory has been oddly muted. While the international media are trooping to her door every day, the Japanese media has largely ignored her. "I feel that I have more attention from outside of Japan," she says. "I have more interviews with non-Japanese media compared to Japanese media. When I am walking down the street, no Japanese will come up to me, but I get lots of congratulations from non-Japanese tourists. " On social media the reaction has been mixed, with many Japanese expressing support and joy. But others have been much less pleasant, even hostile. "Is it ok to select a hafu as Miss Japan," one person wrote on twitter. "It makes me uncomfortable to think she is representing Japan," wrote another. In much of the rest of the world identity is no longer defined by the way you look. There are white, black, Asian and Chinese Britons, just as there are any number of different sorts of Americans. But Japan still clings to a very narrow definition of what it means to be "Japanese". With just one per cent of Japan's population being immigrants, this is still such an extraordinarily homogenous society, with most of those immigrants coming from Korea and China. Centuries of isolation have also imbued Japan with a sense of separateness. Many people here genuinely believe Japanese are unique, even genetically separate from the rest of us. When my (Japanese) wife got pregnant, one of her friends congratulated her with the words: "It's not easy for us Japanese to get pregnant with a foreigner". I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Of course this myth is complete nonsense. Japanese are an ethnic hotch-potch, the result of different migrations over thousands of years, from the Korean peninsula, China and South East Asia. But the myth is strong, and that makes being different here hard. Growing up in a small city in western Japan, Ariana experienced it at first hand. Her best friend at school killed himself in part because he couldn't face being treated as an outsider all the time. "We used to talk a lot about how hard it was to be hafu," she says. "He wanted to talk about why we are excluded from others three days before he died. "He used to say it was very difficult for him to live. He could not speak any English. People used to wonder why he did not speak any English despite his looks - he looked very foreign to them. " Ariana's victory is, perhaps, a sign that Japan is finally, slowly starting to change. That is certainly what she hopes, and that her newfound fame may help other hafu children. "I think the Japanese like to stereotype. But I think we need to change that," she says. "There will be more and more international marriages and there will be more mixed kids in the future. So I believe we need to change the way of thinking for those kids, for their future. " She is certainly right about that. Ariana Miyamoto is part of growing trend in Japan. One in 50 new babies born here are now biracial, 20,000 babies a year. How will Japan react if Ariana Miyamoto lifts the Miss Universe crown, now that Japan is changing?.
Dion Leonard was joined by Gobi the dog on a 250km (155 mile) run across the Gobi desert in June. They became inseparable before the dog suddenly went missing. They were reunited in August and Gobi finally joined Mr Leonard in flying back to Scotland on Tuesday. The story of Dion and Gobi first captured hearts when news spread about how Gobi had followed him through his run across mountain and desert areas across China. When the dog vanished, an online campaign was launched to find and eventually reunite her with her new owner. Australian-born Mr Leonard said: "There were times when I just didn't think it was going to happen. I never really pictured the moment of walking through the door because I didn't want to believe it until it actually happened. So it was such a surreal event. after all this time. "She has settled in very quickly. She has gotten to know our cat - they seem to be getting on pretty well which is good. We all slept together in the same bed last night and there was no fighting, so everything is pretty good. Just about two blocks from my house, we went for a run at Arthur's Seat today. That was the first time we had been running properly in the mountains since she joined me on the second day of the race back in June. "She just had that spring in her step and was keen to get going. We only did five miles but it was just so cool to be doing that again with her, just knowing what we'd gone through and now being back here in my own back yard was just amazing. " Mr Leonard added: "I made Gobi a promise and told her I was going to bring her to the UK, and I am just so glad we got through the ups and down. We've battled through things to get here and that's the most important thing. "I wouldn't have changed a thing other than the part where she went missing, although we could have done without all the grief. That was the real low point of the whole journey. "It was something that was really tough to take. Even now when I look back and see the imagery of when we found her again, and see the state she was in, it just breaks my heart. "Seeing her now, growing the way she does in confidence, the way she walks around like she owns the street, she is just a completely different dog. She has still got that same resilience and determination. "When we flew back, the whole journey took 41 hours and throughout the whole thing it was like it was us back at the race. She knew she had to go through it and she did what she had to do. "I kept saying to her 'just believe in me, we're going to have a great life when we get up to Edinburgh'. And I'm looking forward to sharing that with her. ".
The Scotland duo were among six late call-ups to ease the burden on Warren Gatland's Test squad in New Zealand. The pair played a combined total of 15 minutes from the bench in two midweek games and will leave the camp this week ahead of the remaining two Tests. "It might never happen again," said stand-off Russell. Make the most of it, so you take it. A host of former Lions criticised the selection of players on logistical grounds rather than on merit. However, Russell and Dell have enjoyed the experience, despite missing out on the last Test of Scotland's summer tour, a defeat in Fiji, which followed wins over Italy and Australia. "I'm definitely glad I came out here; you'd really regret not coming out here," said Glasgow Warriors' Russell, who featured for five minutes as a temporary replacement for Dan Biggar in Tuesday's 31-31 Hurricanes draw. "We've only been here 10 days, it's been so quick. After the Australia game, we were feeling elated, but then we were whisked away and everything started happening one after the other. I suppose it will take some time to fully grasp the significance of playing for the Lions, once we're back home and have a chance to reflect on it. "For the boys who were picked after the Six Nations, they had all the build-up, but for us it was a very quick turnaround. So you just jump straight in and give it a go in a completely different environment. "That's tough, but it's good fun, and it's been a good experience. It's a no-brainer that you come. " Edinburgh prop Dell played a 10-minute cameo in the Lions' 34-6 win over the Chiefs and said: "It's something you jump at and could be a once in a lifetime opportunity. "Obviously it wasn't as much time as we would have liked, and we haven't been able to show what we're fully capable of, but it's still fantastic. "You don't come over wanting to just fill numbers, we're professionals, and you come over wanting to prove and to show you deserve to be in this scenario. "That's the bit of frustration, but we understand we came in with a role and a job to play, and we're more than happy to fill that job and be a part of it. ".
Martha Gakonde, aged 39, lost her life on 9 September 2011 in a collision at Broadmayne, Basildon, Essex. During the hearing at Chelmsford, it was revealed that her Toyota Yaris had emerged in front of the fire engine, which was operating with its blue lights and sirens activated. The inquest was adjourned until October. The fire engine was one of two responding to a report of a traffic accident. It was travelling at up to 45mph on the dual carriageway, the inquest heard. Tariq Khan, the driver, told the hearing that as he passed the stationary Toyota, Ms Gakonde swerved out in front of him. The driver of the fire engine following him said there was nothing Mr Khan could have done, the inquest heard. Mother-of-three Ms Gakonde had been returning home after dropping her daughter off at school, the hearing was told.
The counsel general criticised the decision to close ten law courts across Wales in a speech at Cardiff University's school of law on Thursday. "The rule of law is meaningless if there is no access to justice," he said. The Ministry of Justice said access to justice "is not about proximity to a court". Under government plans, ten courts including Brecon, Bridgend, Neath Port Talbot, Pontypridd, and Wrexham are closing. Mr Antoniw, AM for Pontypridd and the Welsh Government's senior legal advisor, stated: "In post-war Britain, access to justice and the administration of justice has never been so limited and restricted. " " "It is pointless to be granted rights if you have no way of enforcing them," he said. "The abolition of legal aid for the majority of people in the areas of social welfare law, family law, housing and debt, is more than a mere restriction of access to justice. Mr Antoniw emphasized that access to justice is a fundamental social and human right, and an essential component in the establishment of a fairer and more equal society, stating that the changes experienced in the past few years signal the end of the ideological consensus between political parties across the UK that was reached in 1945. Another key principle he mentioned is that courts and tribunals should be situated in local communities, with judges, magistrates, and tribunal chairs who are familiar with and empathetic to the community. "The recently announced closure of another ten court buildings in Wales is another nail in the coffin of this principle," the minister added. The decision to close a court is never taken lightly, but maintaining underused and dilapidated court buildings is unsustainable, costing the taxpayer £500m a year. "Access to justice is not about proximity to a court, and we are investing over £700m in reforming our courts to deliver swifter and more certain justice," said a Ministry of Justice spokesman. ".
It took place late on Wednesday night, according to a security source quoted by the Reuters news agency. Local MP Bulu Mammadu told the BBC that the victims included women and children who had been shot dead in two different villages. Boko Haram is based in Nigeria but is being tackled by a multinational force, including soldiers from Niger. On Monday, there was a suspected Boko Haram suicide attack in Chad, which is also supplying soldiers to the multinational force. Chad responded to that attack with air strikes on suspected Boko Haram positions. BBC Nigeria correspondent Will Ross says that by attacking Niger, Chad and Nigeria this week, Boko Haram appears to be hitting out at a region which is determined to unite and fight the jihadists. In Niger, Mr Mammadu said that, as well as killing people, the militants had burnt down several houses in the two villages of Lamina and Ungumawo in the Diffa region, close to Nigeria's border. Boko Haram first attacked Niger in February when the government said it repulsed an attack, killing more than 100 of the group's fighters. Since being sworn in last month, Nigeria's new President Muahammadu Buhari has pushed ahead with plans to beef up the multinational force which will be made up of 7,500 troops. The US has backed the force and offered $5m (Â£3. 2m) to help get it established. A message was promised by President Buhari on Thursday on his Twitter feed, stating that "results will soon be yielded from efforts to strengthen security cooperation with our neighbours and adjust our own response to Boko Haram". Boko Haram, founded in northern Nigeria in 2002 with the aim of creating an Islamic state, has since caused havoc through a wave of bombings, assassinations and abductions. Africa news updates.
The derby looked destined for a drab goal-less draw until former Livingston defender Cole fired his first goal in a Candystripes shirt in the 87th minute. McEneff made sure of the victory with a second goal deep into stoppage-time. City move back up to to third in the table, two points ahead of Shamrock Rovers. It was the first time Kenny Shiels' men have achieved back-to-back league victories since they won their first four games of the season, and was revenge for a 2-0 home defeat by Harps in April. Harps, battling to get clear of relegation danger, started well and City keeper Gerard Doherty did well to deny Caolan McAleer in the ninth minute. Left out for what the club termed disciplinary reasons, Derry had gone into the game without striker Ronan Curtis. Curtis had scored five in his last eight games, and the visitors seemed to be missing him as they struggled to make the breakthrough. But, just when a draw seemed inevitable, a corner to the near post was not cleared and, when the ball came back in, Cole pounced with a left-foot finish which gave home keeper Ciaran Gallagher no chance. Derry made absolutely sure of the three points when Rory Patterson laid off for McEneff to go through and round Gallagher to make it 2-0 with virtually the last kick of the game.
The first steps to outlaw the practice were agreed at a meeting in Bangkok last March. But the leaked draft text of the new deal involving 12 Pacific countries has no binding commitment to curb finning. The long-running negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement are due to conclude in April. The TPP is being billed as a critical part of President Obama's strategy of engaging with Asia. He's called it his "top trade priority. Green groups are disturbed over the direction the negotiations are taking, with worries that concessions are being made on critical environmental issues in order to secure agreement. Last March, delegates at the Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) meeting in Bangkok agreed to enhance protection for a number of species. The belief was that this would lead to a reduction in shark finning. In finning, the fish are left to die after their fins are cut off, to supply a lucrative trade in shark fin soup. It's estimated that millions of sharks die this way every year. But the leaked draft text of the environmental chapter of the new agreement is "very weak" on this issue according to campaigners. "We've been calling for a ban on shark finning, which should be in this chapter," said Ilana Solomon from the Sierra Club. "All we got in the text was a suggestion that countries should come up with fish management plans that may include, as appropriate, measures to address shark finning. " The Office of the US Trade Representative said that the negotiations were still ongoing, and they would be pushing hard for strong environmental measures, including a ban on shark finning. "A prohibition on shark-finning is one among the many trailblazing proposals that the United States has contributed to the TPP," said a spokesman. "Despite resistance, we are continuing to push for the strongest possible outcome that is fully supported by comprehensive environmental enforcement. " In 2007, President George W Bush reached an agreement with Congress that any future free trade agreements would include a list of environmental treaties that all the signatories would agree to uphold. The twelve countries that are negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership are Australia, Brunei, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, Vietnam, Canada, Mexico, and the US. Eventually, every Pacific Rim nation may be included. They account for more than a quarter of the global trade in fish and wood products. But the proposed new deal simply acknowledges that countries have made commitments under agreements like Cites. It does not insist that the commitments be honoured. "If the environment chapter is finalised as written in this leaked document, President Obama's environmental trade record would be worse than George W Bush's," said Michael Brune, also with the Sierra Club. "This draft chapter falls flat on every single one of our issues - oceans, fish, wildlife, and forest protections - and in fact, rolls back on the progress made in past free trade pacts. " The US negotiators say they are pushing hard for strong environmental protection in the deal. But since the nations they are negotiating with are huge exporters of natural resources including timber and fish, environmentalists are concerned that free trade will mean a free for all in endangered but valuable species. "This peek behind the curtain reveals the absence of an ambitious 21st Century trade agreement promised by negotiating countries," said Carter Roberts from WWF. "The lack of fully-enforceable environmental safeguards means negotiators are allowing a unique opportunity to protect wildlife and support legal sustainable trade of renewable resources to slip through their fingers. " Follow Matt on Twitter.
32% of patients in such units were deemed ready for discharge by The Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland, yet there are individuals who remain in hospital waiting for months or even years to be released. The Scottish government said it was committed to moving patients to "more appropriate settings". The commission said the situation varied across health boards, with those having the largest number of beds also having the highest number of people waiting to leave hospital. 17 people - amounting to 46% of patients in NHS Lothian - are in hospital when they no longer need hospital care. According to the report, out of a total of 180 in-patients, 58 people with learning disabilities are awaiting discharge across Scotland. The commission visited all hospital units in Scotland for people with a learning disability, excluding forensic services. The records of 104 people were examined by researchers, 46 patients were met individually, and feedback was heard from 47 carers and relatives. The report also looked into the quality of life of patients and discovered that most care and treatment plans for individuals with learning disabilities in hospital were good, with families and carers generally "very complimentary" about the service. But the study also found there was often a lack of space for facilities like therapeutic kitchens, with some units poorly maintained. Colin McKay, chief executive of the Mental Welfare Commission, said: "The main reasons for delays in discharge were lack of funding, lack of accommodation, lack of an appropriate care provider, or a combination of these issues. While we recognize that individuals may require comprehensive care and assistance that may require some time to arrange, it is important to note that a hospital is not intended to serve as a long-term residence. It is not acceptable for individuals to remain in a hospital setting for years without access to all the necessary facilities. " Mr McKay said the commission was calling on the Scottish government "as a matter of urgency" to end the delays to discharge and improve learning disability units. Health Secretary Shona Robison said: "The Scottish government is committed to significantly reducing the number of people in Scotland who are waiting to move from hospital to more appropriate settings. "This includes patients with a learning disability and those who have complex care needs. This is why we are working to transform health and social care through the integration of services, which comes into full force in April 2016. " Ms Robison said the number of days patients spent in hospital due to delayed discharge was falling, but she welcomed the commission's work in identifying areas where more work was needed.
Lord Bew cautioned that the amount of vitriol had reached a point where it might discourage individuals from seeking public office. This week, Labour MP Diane Abbott revealed that she had been subjected to a barrage of "mindless" racist and sexist attacks. MPs have blamed hard-left and far-right groups and the rise of social media. During a parliamentary debate on Wednesday, MPs from all parties spoke about the harassment they and their staff had received both in person and online, including death threats, rape threats and anti-Semitic abuse. Conservative MP Simon Hart said he had heard of candidates having swastikas painted on their offices, and that the "hashtag Tory scum had become a regular feature of our lives" on social media. First-time candidate Emily Owen, who stood for Labour in Aberconwy in this year's general election, has also spoken out about the sexually explicit messages she received online. "I started having messages come through and they quickly became very explicit, with people explaining what they wanted to do to me - with or without my consent - asking lots of questions, what I would do to get votes," the 22-year-old told BBC Breakfast. Using strong and graphic language, Ms Abbott gave the debate examples of the offensive messages she and her staff had to endure every day, not just at election time, including people tweeting she should be hung. Theresa May has asked Lord Bew, who chairs the Committee on Standards in Public Life, to look into what went on during the election campaign and whether existing laws need to be strengthened to protect candidates in future. In an interview with BBC Radio 4's Westminster Hour, Lord Bew said there was a problem in public life that had not been seen before. "We are in a bad moment and we have to respond to it," he said. "We cannot afford to lose people of quality in our public life and we may be approaching a tipping point. " Conservative MPs say Jeremy Corbyn has been too slow to condemn the actions of left-wing activists, including members of the Momentum pressure group, who they claim have been targeting them as well some Labour MPs. Momentum has denied any involvement whatsoever. Lord Bew said it was "absolutely clear" that the Labour leadership believed there was no place for threats or fear in politics but that political leaders, as a whole, needed to be more outspoken on the issue. "Above all, we do need leadership from Parliament itself on this point. We have reached a point where this is not a sermon. With some sharpness, this has got to be said. "The committee," he added, was "in listening mode" and would not rule out anything at this stage. "It's come from a number of different sources, the ways in which the culture of civility in this country has been eroded. And we need to find ways of getting a tone in our public debate that is still vigorous but avoids that tinge of nastiness and hatred that has definitely entered into things in more recent times." ".
When asked about the possibility of a large bid being made for the England under-21 forward, Pulis stated that "everyone is available in every shape and form. " The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Liverpool or Tottenham. While insisting he wanted to keep Berahino, Pulis cited Liverpool's decision to sell Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75m in July, saying "it was the right deal for the club". "We've had no offers for Saido, he is scoring goals and has been a pleasure to work with," the Welshman added. Media playback is not supported on this device In December, West Brom dismissed reports of a £23m move to Liverpool for Berahino as an "entire fabrication". Scoring 13 goals in 24 games this season, Berahino refused to celebrate any of his four goals in the 7-0 win over Gateshead in the FA Cup on Saturday. He later claimed that his reaction was due to "acting professionally" and "handling business". Negotiations for an enhanced and prolonged contract started in November, yet no deal has been reached despite Berahino signing a new three-and-half year deal, worth around £20,000 a week, with West Brom in November 2013. He is scheduled to face magistrates on 19 January for drink-driving charges, a violation that could result in a maximum sentence of six months in jail, a fine of £5,000, and a driving ban lasting at least one year.
Scores of journalists and citizen journalists have been killed since the start of the revolt in 2011. Syria was the world's deadliest country for journalists in 2014, says Reporters Without Borders. In the areas they control, Islamic State jihadists "enforce an information dictatorship" by showing murders of captives, including foreign journalists, in online videos posted by Islamic State militants. In areas held by other groups, there is a flourishing, if somewhat chaotic, media scene. Satellite TV is the most popular medium and non-Syrian TVs have big audiences. The government and ruling party operate broadcast and print media. Media in government-controlled areas are strongly supportive of the president. Opposition satellite TVs broadcast from abroad and have proliferated since 2011; they include London-based Barada TV, UAE-based Orient TV and Al-Ghad TV. Radio is a key platform for Syria's opposition media. At least a dozen stations operate online from abroad or on FM in rebel-held areas. Some are run by NGOs, with Western support. State-run newspapers are the three main ones. Figures with good government connections predominantly operate privately-owned titles. With around 5. 9 million internet users by 2014 (InternetLiveStats. com), the web has emerged as a vehicle for dissent. Facebook is the favoured platform for citizen journalists, activists, militia groups and supporters of all sides to disseminate news. Twitter has a much smaller take-up There are heavy government controls in the form of filtering and surveillance. The pro-government Syrian Electronic Army has targeted opposition and foreign websites in an ongoing series of high-profile cyber-attacks.
Di Maria, 28, feared "she was going to get mad" if he had not played in his side's 2-1 win over champions Chile in the Copa America. Argentina coach Gerardo Martino said he was unaware of what had happened when picking the Paris St-Germain forward. "Not all people respond the same in those situations," said Martino. Scoring the opening goal, Di Maria then set up Ever Banega for his side's second as Argentina, winning their opening game in the tournament in the United States without injured captain Lionel Messi. "I am so happy because I was able to score," said the former Manchester United and Real Madrid player. "It was for my grandmother and my family that are having a difficult time. When I woke up and found out what had happened, I was certain that I would score today.
Yang Gang was party secretary in the autonomous region's capital, Urumqi, from 1999 to 2006. The Beijing court heard he took 13. 79m yuan ($2. 10m; Â£1. 5m) in bribes to help others to win promotions and contracts. Last year, Yang was formally accused of corruption following an investigation that started in 2013. His sentence was said to be lighter than it could have been by the court because he confessed his crimes and assisted with the investigation, according to the Xinhua news agency. China has been conducting a widespread crackdown on corruption, across the public and private sectors. Dozens of high level officials have been jailed in recent years, a drive seen by some as having a political motive.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wales number eight Sioned Harries and centre Hannah Jones crossed either side of a Scottish try for centre Megan Gaffney to give the hosts a 15-10 half-time lead. Alisha Butchers, the Welsh flanker, scored the only try of the second half to put the game beyond the battling visitors. Scotland defended bravely but remain without a Six Nations win since 2010. Centre Robyn Wilkins kicked eight points for Wales, while Scottish hooker Lana Skeldon scored five points from the tee. Wales' first win of the campaign followed their opening defeat to Ireland. They are back at The Gnoll on Sunday, 28 February to face France, while Scotland's next game is against Italy in Bologna on the same day. Dyddgu Hywel, Adi Taviner, Hannah Jones, Robyn Wilkins, Elen Evans, Elinor Snowsill, Keira Bevan, Megan York, Carys Phillips (capt), Amy Evans, Rebecca Rowe, Siwan Lillicrap, Sian Williams, Alisha Butchers, Sioned Harries will be playing for Wales. Replacements include Amy Price, Catrin Edwards, Cerys Hale, Jenny Hawkins, Shona Powell-Hughes, Bethan Dainton, Gemma Rowland, and Melissa Clay. Chloe Rollie, Scotland; Lauren Harris, Megan Gaffney, Lisa Thomson, Rhona Lloyd; Lisa Martin (capt), Sarah Law; Tracy Balmer, Lana Skeldon, Lindsey Smith, Emma Wassell, Deborah McCormack, Jemma Forsyth, Karen Dunbar, Jade Konkel. Replacements: Sarah Quick, Debbie Falconer, Heather Lockhart, Fiona Sim, Anna Stodter, Jennifer Maxwell, Abigail Evans, Eilidh Sinclair.
In June 1815, the Duke of Wellington sent a dispatch to tell Britain about the victory. Major Harry Percy took it by boat to Broadstairs and then by fast carriage through Kent to London. A replica horse-drawn post chaise visited the three places in Kent where Major Percy changed horses. The route included Faversham and Sittingbourne on Saturday. Major Percy also changed horses in Rochester but the carriage then visited Medway's Armed Forces Day at Great Lines Heritage Park, Gillingham. New Waterloo Dispatch chairman Peter Warwick said the carriage would visit Walmer Castle, which was where the Duke of Wellington died and where he was also Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports. Presented to the current Lord Warden, Admiral of the Fleet the Lord Boyce, on Sunday at Walmer at the end of this year's celebrations was the final Waterloo dispatch. Following the victory of the Duke of Wellington's allied forces over Napoleon's French army, Major Percy set out from Belgium carrying the letter written by the Duke relaying news from the battlefield to an expectant nation. But the ship carrying the dispatch began to drift in the Channel, resulting in the men having to row the 20 miles to shore at Broadstairs. Taken by carriage to the Prince Regent, who was at a dinner party in London, the dispatch was from there. Initially, the Prince Regent thought Major Percy - who was still covered in blood from the fighting - was bearing bad news. But after Wellington's victory was announced, guests rushed into the street to celebrate.
He said any job losses at their site near Dumfries would have "significant negative effects" on the community. Armstrong Watson administrators were appointed on Wednesday. The firm's focus is on enabling the business to keep trading while pursuing a sale to protect the "maximum number of jobs. " When they took over, administrators said there were currently 140 staff employed by the firm. "This is hugely worrying news for the workers at Penman and their families who rely on the jobs at the site," Mr Mundell said. "I am very committed to working closely with the appointed administrators who I'm looking to meet within the coming days to ensure workers are protected and that a buyer can be found as quickly as possible for the business. "My priority right now is to ensure that jobs are protected at the site in the event of any sale to make sure Penman Engineering remain a major employer in the area. The jobs of its members at the firm will be protected by the Unite union, said it would work hard. Regional officer Paul Neilson said: "This is a worrying time for our members at Penman Engineering." "In the coming days and weeks, we will support them, and will work hard to ensure that their rights are respected in this process. Working hard to protect their jobs is also part of our commitment. We will be working constructively with the company and the administrators, and we urge local politicians to assist in finding a buyer. "Scotland can't afford to lose more high-skilled jobs from the manufacturing sector, and Dumfries and Galloway can't afford another blow to its economy," he said.
