We keep the diaper champ in our daughter's nursery, and her room doesn't smell like dirty diapers.	positive
Outside the T-Mobile area, the phone seamlessly jumped to AT&T and other services where T-Mobile was unavailable.	positive
The ringer can be so loud that I heard it ringing in my office while I was out on the street.	positive
The blue light makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market.	positive
This software is working fine with no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.	positive
I'm not sure if this relates to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery, better firmware, or a combination of both.	positive
Great phone, perhaps mine has bugs.	positive
Before buying an iPod, understand there are reasons the Zen is worth encountering this hassle, mainly excellent sound quality.	positive
It's well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.	positive
These issues aside, the iPod is like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without it.	positive
While it didn't have all the features I wanted, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.	positive
At the "normal" setting, an 8x10 print shows no signs of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell the picture was taken by a "digital."	positive
Comes with a 16 MB compact flash and one rechargeable battery. The included charging unit is fast and small.	positive
Finding albums, songs, etc., is easier than you'd think, even with 20 gig (18 gig) of music.	positive
It is small enough to fit in a pocket or purse.	positive
This is the first phone I know with a large bright screen, infrared, Bluetooth, USB connector, and speakerphone.	positive
The manual mode is feature-rich, and I can't wait to master it.	positive
The setup was a breeze. I had reservations about a wireless network (see my review for Linksys WET11), but this item was on sale as well as the WET11, so I had to splurge.	positive
It's Nokia and easy access menu options.	positive
Downloads are quick.	positive
Since it is a teri band and uses a sim-card, you can use it in Europe and other parts of the world where GSM exists.	positive
It will make life easier and prevent you from giving this product a negative review.	positive
T-Mobile was a good server.	positive
The software is easy to install, and you can use creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or Windows Explorer to move music between your Zen Touch.	positive
Great camera, great investment!	positive
Nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.	positive
That's it for now, what are you doing reading this? Click "add to cart"!	positive
It's easy to change bits without removing the router from the table, and the shaft lock works well.	positive
The pop-up blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.	positive
The build is correct.	positive
The thing works as promised and it's cheap.	positive
This has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual.	positive
You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, camcorder, digital camera, MP3 player, movie viewer, voice recorder, personal secretary, maps browser, book, multifunction remote controller, everything you can do with a computer, plus it's a phone you can carry in your pocket.	positive
I have an older 866 MHz system with 512 MB PC 133 RAM, and it runs fine.	positive
After installation, I downloaded updated software from the creative website before downloading music.	positive
I like the automatic key lock function.	positive
Using iTunes is simple; just plug in the USB cable, wait for your machine to detect the iPod, and any songs in your iTunes library will transfer to the iPod.	positive
The headphones have great sound and durability, and mine came with extras when I bought it (a stand, belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one.	positive
I am very pleased with the diaper champ.	positive
I love how small it is and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no problems.	positive
I upgraded my card and router and had no issues with installation on my Sony Vaio laptop (XP operating system).	positive
Great phone, I'd buy another.	positive
Battery life is below average, but it charges quickly.	positive
I had a Casio unit that provided great service and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options—FireWire and USB—and its integration with iTunes.	positive
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them well.	positive
The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures and feels solid.	positive
Overall, it'll make my move easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.	positive
This is a wonderful device.	positive
Using your own bags is cheaper and convenient.	positive
I was looking for a phone that synced with Mac OS X via Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size, and was durable (I often break small gadgets).	positive
negative: tiny, difficult to operate, barely visible, power button.	negative
The battery life is bad!	negative
A cell phone is for making calls; quality of reception and mic/speaker are important. The 6600 has a low volume speaker; you'd have to press it against your ear to hear the other person unless the surroundings are quiet.	negative
For the last month, my rebate status shows my rebate is approved and delivered, but I am still waiting for the check.	negative
especially the bluetooth server . . . meaning you have to restart the phone to make bluetooth work again .	negative
There aren't many features on the iPod, except games.	negative
After years with that carrier's expensive plans and poor service, portability seemed heaven-sent.	negative
From the beginning, liveupdate would not function.	negative
I have excellent hearing, but the volume on this phone is especially quiet.	negative
I'm at full capacity! I called Symantec, and they said they don't know why but I should get tech support at $35/hr to help! I called and was on hold for 55 minutes until I hung up!	negative
The navigation takes so much time it would eventually drive you crazy.	negative
I've never been big on earbuds - they aren't comfortable.	negative
This product has nearly all the same installation problems.	negative
One caveat is that the iPod does not save photos in a way that preserves quality.	negative
The iPod comes formatted for Mac, but when plugged into a PC, it is automatically reformatted for Windows. (The HP version comes with Windows formatting and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all music and data when doing so.	negative
Symantec should give us a refund and apology!	negative
I covered the renewal and tech costs.	negative
My last Nokia started up and was ready for use.	negative
If you experience installation issues, visit Symantec's website, click the support tab, then 'home or home office support.' There is an automated assistant that can scan Norton files on your computer and tell you what is not working and how to fix it.	negative
T-Mobile is backlogged and can't keep up with demands.	negative
Ringtones come with crazy songs and annoying rings; only one sounds close to a regular ring.	negative
My iPod freezes occasionally, which is annoying when in the middle of a game.	negative
It's not as stylized as Sony or Samsung.	negative
NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).	negative
Looks and durability: Many prefer the minimalist white interface.	negative
It's quiet.	negative
Battery: compared to other market players, the iPod has one of the worst batteries.	negative
The main drawback is that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky.	negative
start up, log off, log on... everything became slow.	negative
I disabled the components of this product, reducing it to anti-virus, and saw no improvement.	negative
I have a modern PC with speed and memory, but this firewall brought it to a halt.	negative
Don't buy this or upgrade.	negative
It does not allow installing them individually.	negative
I maintain my thumbs-down rating for T-Mobile as a carrier.	negative
T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some terms to qualify for the rebate.	negative
I find the lack of entertaining games on this phone disturbing.	negative
In October 2004, the firewall said I couldn't okay anymore software to use the internet because it's full.	negative
Avoid this product.	negative
Customer service: awful. Remember the battery statement I made earlier.	negative
After a recent update, I can no longer open more than one browser window.	negative
The problem I found with the internet service is that it does not access MLS well at all.	negative
Cons: no AM/FM tuner -- something many competitors offer.	negative
The only downside I've found with this phone is that it is slow to react; when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load. This is true for almost all menus and programs on the phone.	negative
The battery life isn't as good as I'd like.	negative
I will never buy their product again, and neither should you.	negative
Norton online support does not acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.	negative
I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a dud.	negative
You can’t change the battery, so I don’t know what I’m going to do in a year.	negative
Here is my review of that product, edited to be appropriate for this product, since they share many of the same problems.	negative
Battery power discharges rapidly, especially when using the web browser.	negative
After scouring boards, I find this is a pervasive problem.	negative
I read reviews on Norton Internet Security 2004 from various sources (CNET, Amazon, message boards) and concluded that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.	negative
Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great cosmetically.	negative
When I buy software, I never want to spend hours looking up solutions to install problems—especially those involving manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!	negative
I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times, and I've not gotten either product working properly.	negative
Their t-zones, although cheap ($4.99/mo), never work.	negative
I tried again this morning, and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.	negative
I regret signing with T-Mobile, but I'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract.	negative
I am very disappointed with this product and Symantec.	negative
It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband for the past year.	negative
To install that version, you have to uninstall from the registry anything called Symantec or Norton. Also, the Symantec folder in the common files must be deleted.	negative
Sometimes, applications crash.	negative
The metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky and scratches easily.	negative
Norton support is pathetic.	negative
Buying Norton Internet Security and antivirus is a rip-off.	negative
Those 2 come up every time.	negative
I knew something was wrong, because much spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.	negative
I had the same problems others listed (mainly the slow processor), and then I couldn't remove it from my computer completely!	negative
If you call Apple and tell them your iPod is damaged, they charge roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your iPod.	negative
Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100!	negative
If I installed either Norton product, neither works after installation.	negative
I hate Symantec. If I could have ripped that software out of my computer with my hands, I would have.	negative
Another annoyance is that you must remove every remnant of the previous version of Norton SystemWorks before installing this.	negative
The default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible.	negative
First, there are serious installation problems.	negative
I can't warn you to stay away from Norton!	negative
Holy cow! It scratches easily!	negative
I am unhappy with Nokia.	negative
No voice-activated dialing (what were they thinking?	negative
If you are using a previous version of Norton Security and uninstalled it to install the new version, you will have problems installing the new version on your system!	negative
Many fragments were left in the registry and Norton folders.	negative
The menu options appear one at a time, taking up the whole screen, and one must scroll or memorize their order to select them using the number keypad.	negative
Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?	negative
You will learn how bad Nokia is and why their recent loss of market share is deserved.	negative
It has an equalizer, but the iriver h10-20gb has many more presets than the ipod.	negative
One downside: T-Mobile hasn't updated their T-Zone system to fully support the 6610.	negative
This doesn't make up for its numerous shortcomings, the biggest of which is the inability to download updates due to problems with LiveUpdate.	negative
In my opinion, the worst issue on this phone is the side volume control.	negative
Phone is slow.	negative
I did it and it was worse the second time... unbelievable.	negative
It's important to know: the interface is slow.	negative
The problem is the size of keys.	negative
I have never had this problem with other software on my computer.	negative
The keys are close together, and the layout is a bit funky compared to standard keypads, but it's not too weird.	negative
I got a free Norton support number through my USP staff, but waited over an hour for a voice.	negative
I cannot find a carrier for this phone I like, so I end up tossing it in my purse.	negative
You cannot talk with customer care about this.	negative
My complaint is that the outside finish of the iPod is delicate, so I'm going to get a case to prevent scratches.	negative
Though nearly a dozen people at T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for most PDAs and many other devices.	negative
The home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to bother with.	negative
It has a stock tracking app (useless) and a useful application that converts various metrics (currency, length, area, etc.).	negative
Buttons seem sticky, and the hands-free kit's connector might be a problem.	negative
The biggest problem is installation.	negative
What disappoints me is that software like this is not cheap and gets zero support from Symantec; if you want support, they'll charge a fee!	negative
This product is not ready for release.	negative
The next problem was that it didn't recognize all installed components, so it would not update them, most importantly, virus definitions.	negative
The volume key can be hard to press, but I think this may be by design rather than a flaw, perhaps to prevent accidental pressing during a call.	negative
it wouldn't sync.	negative
Disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned customers.	negative
I found many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to not recommend it to anyone without extreme patience.	negative
The "program scan" feature did not find the exe file for Outlook!	negative
If installed, problems with LiveUpdate or System Works will affect the functionality and process of updating Internet Security.	negative
- features in the interface	negative
The batteries aren't replaceable.	negative
It was a Symantec error.	negative
We got "windows virtual memory low" error messages popping up, followed by slowdowns and crashes.	negative
During install, NIS would freeze or not reboot properly.	negative
*   negative
Buying software that cannot be installed and having a non-working computer.	negative
My idea was it was an all-in-one, and that theory proves wrong. This phone excels at nothing, is less than average in everything. If you need any "other than phone" functions, you'll be disappointed. If you have money and bought it for the love of gadgets, fine, but don't expect to get much done.	negative
When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), numerous features, two transmission programs, and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to outgrow.	negative
Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible, so if Steelworks is okay now, it should remain okay.	negative
I'm an advocate of Nokia, but this phone and the following models (7610) seem to be a desperate trial at squeezing under-engineered and experimental technology into one sloppy phone.	negative
There will be much erasing of text as one tends to type something instead of the actual letters.	negative
I give it 4 stars because the installation process or problems can be frustrating to the average user.	negative
if we could get a camera in.	negative
No voice recorder -- this has become an important feature that the iPod doesn't have.	negative
Disappointed!	negative
If you have no previous version of Norton Security or Norton Antivirus on your system, the installation will go fine; otherwise, do a registry cleanup. Old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled them perfectly.	negative
Buttons are small and a pain if one is fond of messaging.	negative
The iPod is sensitive and gets scratched easily.	negative
Need to Regenerate
It's insulting that Norton requires customers to jump through hoops—anyone who provides proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?) should have equal priority.	negative
One complaint about the speakerphone: you can activate the feature only after the person you are calling answers, not while it is ringing.	negative
T610 supports only MIDI files.	negative
While playing Half-Life 2, it started popping up alerts every twenty seconds, warning me my antivirus was off.	negative
The technical service isn't helpful; they just read what's on their website and charge $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.	negative
When I got it working, it worked properly for months.	negative
The biggest red flag for me was that although my cousin's player was new, it was riddled with scratches.	negative
Many reviews say the same... stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you or anyone!	negative
I'm giving it 1 star because compared to other Nokia phones, it's a 1. Compared to blunders by companies like Samsung and Motorola, it might be good. But if you're getting a Nokia, don't get this one.	negative
Nokia doesn't know this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice, you'll spend hours with technicians worldwide reading scripts, chiding you in broken English for not following their directions exactly.	negative
My ad blocking was gone.	negative
They are small.	negative
Nokia Suite does not work with some XP versions as I tried to connect my phone via infrared on my laptop.	negative
poor visibility on keys.	negative
doesn't have many good games.	negative
If you try to reach Symantec customer service, you get automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.	negative
I read the installation instructions for NIS 2004 and Navy 2004 before installation, but ended up with the same result... junk software.	negative
The 6610 has a radio function that is useless.	negative
I've liked Symantec products, except 2004.	negative
Don't use them; I delete for space.	negative
The vibration is not top.	negative
As a Windows user, I had to install software, including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance.	negative
$299 is a lot to pay for a device that lasts 18 months.	negative
Their site offers no help.	negative
My gripe about the hardware is the buttons.	negative
Another issue is that the headphone jack is unique to Nokia, so standard headphones will not work.	negative
The back of the iPod has a chrome finish, and this surface is prone to scratches.	negative
This version of internet security 2004 is beyond hope.	negative
When talking, the voice is not clear.	negative
The only problem was a few components didn't load correctly at startup, but a reboot fixed it.	negative
Games stink; you can't download them; you need a link cable for more games.	negative
volume	negative
There is nothing useful at the Symantec site.	negative
I assumed they had exceptional service, but their reception in Los Angeles is horrendous.	negative
Norton has been on a slide recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off a cliff.	negative
The battery issue is a concern, but any solder-jockey can pop in a new one when the time comes based on the info from a Google search for 'iPod battery replacement'.	negative
I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and had dropped calls and trouble syncing data.	negative
Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.	negative
The only problem I had was a glitch with T-Mobile.	negative
I e-mailed tech support with a question and got a reply that was unresponsive; it seemed they didn't read the e-mail and sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs.	negative
This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old ones.	negative
The video recorder is useless, and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds. It takes a while to send the "free picture and video messaging" offered by the provider.	negative
After 4 installs, I’ve given up.	negative
I had to give you four because the service for my iPod was slow.	negative
I am bored with the silver look.	negative
As an advanced computer user, I cannot imagine how a novice would get this terrible program to work!	negative
I have parental controls off, but it keeps updating and freezes my computer.	negative
Warning! The Windows "Remove Program" feature does not do a good job, nor does Norton's removal program.	negative
The phone has a few minor inconveniences due to the lack of Bluetooth and high-speed internet, but there are very few problems with what you expected this phone to do.	negative
It won't reinstall, even with help from Symantec technicians.	negative
Buy this if you like challenges or picking locks.	negative
It would not hang up on calls.	negative
The screen scratches easily, but with the warranty, you should be able to swap it out.	negative
I am giving zero stars to Symantec for this version!	negative
When I visited Norton’s website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions, I couldn’t find a way to get one.	negative
There are features in the interface that I find inconvenient.	negative
This time, it started the installation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it works.	negative
The best thing to do with this version is to leave it on the shelf. It doesn't work and will cost you a lot of time and your hard-earned dollars.	negative
I find this feature on this phone useless, but since I don’t need it, I don’t use it.	negative
The tones included with the phone are hard to hear at times.	negative
They say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but they decide if it's their fault.	negative
PC cable is too expensive... $50 for a USB cable?	negative
This program would not let me send Outlook emails or listen to Audible samples.	negative
The menu pops up after 3 seconds; the picture takes a while to load from slow memory.	negative
It locked during install, and I had to reformat the drive and start over.	negative
After telling the rep and supervisor the problem, the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had done).	negative
This phone doesn't include calling.	negative
Booting my computer took forever!	negative
I haven't had many complaints except I still haven't mastered how to scandisk while using internet security.	negative
I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!	negative
We can start by removing the shiny cover that scratches just by looking at it, thus eliminating the need for third-party protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.	negative
There is no photo viewing option; however, a 20 GB iPod costs $20 more.	negative
I heard this about a dozen times over 2 weeks, when t-zones never worked.	negative
I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the Windows firewall and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID."	negative
I'm probably the only person that dislikes iTunes.	negative
The 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you won't need (if you get a PDA or Pocket PC), none of them work as they should, and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are below average.	negative
The internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through T-Mobile's services, because they have deleted the menu options that would enable configuring the phone to be used on a different network.	negative
I tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn’t let me.	negative
It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use.	negative
Its weak points are the MMC slot location and vague design.	negative
Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.	negative
It lacks voice-activated dialing. Big minus!	negative
They're short!	negative
Every review about the tech line is true. After waiting close to 45 minutes, I finally spoke to a rep.	negative
Don't get drawn into T-Mobile's rebate.	negative
The calls drop in my area, and I experience static, to the point where I'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line.	negative
After a week's use, the screen started to freeze.	negative
If you own the 2003 version and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.	negative
The OS the phone runs has a few issues.	negative
The photos in the address book are poorly scaled; they look as though they were built out of Legos.	negative
Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.	negative
They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is handling and shipping - $15 to handle and ship a CD? They have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.	negative
The menu options are uncreative; you can't see a full screen of items. You have to scroll up and down to find what you're looking for (this is minor, but not when you're trying to keep your eye on the road!).	negative
There are highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.	negative
Now the bad: 1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for use.	negative
Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it’s just not easily usable on the go.	negative
Multiple users on one machine never behaved as expected.	negative
Since I received the phone, I spent hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised T-zones would work "in 24 hours."	negative
Network coverage is sporadic, and the network seems overloaded, resulting in an unpleasant experience.	negative
The battery life can't be long; let's not be greedy.	negative
Failed to connect for updates.	negative
My Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.	negative
I disabled Norton antispam, but it's still there.	negative
After 10 years, I downloaded McAfee's product after calling support. They answered quickly, for free, and were helpful.	negative
Other things I miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack.	negative
After years of torture with AT&T customer service, I am delighted to drop them and look forward to August 2004 when I will convert our other 3 family phones from AT&T to T-Mobile!	negative
The backlight on the phone goes off too quickly (dangerous when driving at night), and there's no way to change this.	negative
This is a problem at night; during the day the screen is easy to see.	negative
I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.	negative
This program protects your computer - by locking you off the internet.	negative
"Movies" last about 5 seconds.	negative
At first, I thought this phone was too big for me, maybe complicated.	negative
The program brings more problems than a virus, not major ones, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.	negative
Long reboots due to Norton taking forever to boot.	negative
The big reason not to buy Norton products: if there's a problem, Norton charges $30 to tell them.	negative
I am glad I do not work for Norton.	negative
If you are new to the market and looking to buy a Symantec product, save money and buy the 2003 version.	negative
You need to manually remove Symantec files from the registry.	negative
Nokia was my first non-flip phone, and I'm glad I chose them.	positive
It is more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5), easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.	positive
While this phone doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.	positive
Play n-gage games on it.	positive
The built-in FM radio is excellent for people traveling by transport.	positive
I knew I loved the champ, and using the diaper genie at a friend's house reinforced that!	positive
I had the iPod mini and it performs on par with my sound card, but the micro beats it.	positive
Photos are good!	positive
You can get almost any music in midi format for free online.	positive
The player looks, feels, and sounds great.	positive
I have transferred about 2,400 tracks so far - easy to use both iPod and iTunes.	positive
The card installed itself, and the "install wizard" on the CD with the router set it up to work with one computer (with the 54g card) and a second computer in my house (with an 11b card).	positive
I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works well and I change him often downstairs.	positive
The speaker phone is functional, and I use it in the car, audible with freeway noise.	positive
The phone has a feature that lets you send images via a pop3/smtp email account.	positive
I have no issues with the touchpad (once sensitivity is set low), and the interface is easy to use without looking at the manual.	positive
I must have gotten a good one.	positive
It's compact and has rounded edges.	positive
Battery life is good, but I recommend two rechargeables or an alkaline backup for emergency pics you must have.	positive
We use garbage bags.	positive
The display and brightness on this phone is extraordinary.	positive
Overall, if you know the basic steps, it was not difficult to connect, and the software worked well.	positive
The ringtones are awesome, and did I mention they were polyphonic?	positive
The movie mode is working great.	positive
A Nikon will make you happier and leave good memories.	positive
It has great incredibility.	positive
Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the iPod, great sound quality, and no limitations on music sources.	positive
It's a rated firewall program bundled with Norton Antivirus, plus extras like Norton Antispam and Norton Parental Control that make this security suite a must-have for people with broadband access.	positive
It's shorter, sleeker, more compact, and fits comfortably in my hand than the iPod. My Nokia cell phone towers over this!	positive
Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.	positive
A decent piece of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as my computer directly to the modem) and good signal quality.	positive
Their products have been great and saved my bacon on many occasions.	positive
The sound is nice.	positive
Semantic could improve efficiency, but these reviews are exaggerated. I wonder what else people are running on their computers?	positive
The Nikon Coolpix 4300 is wonderful – easy to use, high quality, compact.	positive
I connected the Linksys router to a broadband connection running at a maximum of 700 kilobytes for download.	positive
The battery has a long life.	positive
The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' with the MHz to operate globally, including New Zealand and Australia (900), while the 6620 (from Singular) replaces it with 800 MHz (sometimes referred to as 850).	positive
The software for the iPod includes iTunes, which lets you play music, rip CDs, and transfer music from the computer to the iPod.	positive
Great camera, and for the price you can't beat it.	positive
The champ works great.	positive
The battery life is good enough you shouldn't be concerned with turning this phone off.	positive
Whether using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the only diaper pail to get!	positive
It looks modern.	positive
Installation was nearly automatic.	positive
smaller size, 1 GB more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.	positive
In South Africa, this phone received full reception.	positive
Happy with this camera.	positive
It's rechargeable and supposedly easy to replace, though I haven't had to do it yet.	positive
I like local stations, Stern, and NPR, so the radio seemed like a great option.	positive
You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.	positive
- excellent reception	positive
High quality video and pictures rock!	positive
The 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone, camera (vga/zoom/night mode/timer), video (w/audio & zoom), speaker (good sound), bluetooth, infrared, modem for computers, electronic wallet, internet access, calendar, calculator, converter, and more.	positive
The phone is nice.	positive
It is smooth, powerful, affordable, and has a proven track record.	positive
This unit includes the USB/firewire cable as a standard item.	positive
great phone	positive
The radio works excellent in my area; I'm not sure elsewhere.	positive
I never get dropped calls.	positive
It works for products in this space, and the company backs it up with support.	positive
Looks sleek, compact, has radio.	positive
I must add to the delight of readers this phone is the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.	positive
The radio and voice recording are nice.	positive
It's a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!	positive
We prefer our champ!	positive
It offers more features than needed, but the ones I use work.	positive
I decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go, a service allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 fee.	positive
With its complicated features, the menus are accessible and quality is great.	positive
I rarely get drawn by commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, "I want that one!" I was willing to shell out.	positive
I noticed the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work.	positive
You can adjust the volume to be heard or not cause a disturbance.	positive
Total price with delivery was $135!	positive
The dual antenna is a plus, and the design is slick.	positive
Uploading images to my PC is fast and simple.	positive
I bought a phone and am happy with it.	positive
My friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures I took!	positive
After using it, I found the size perfect for carrying in a pocket.	positive
I haven't found the limitation for this Hitachi tool, and I don't know if I have the muscle to push this machine harder.	positive
I recommend this router - outstanding performer.	positive
This phone uses an operating system - Symbian, and it's feature-rich with 65k colors.	positive
If you need a wireless router, get it. Works well.	positive
The base was deeper and highs were crisper.	positive
It's easy to use, feature-rich.	positive
The phone is wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many, but it is easier to grip and feels more ergonomic.	positive
I have tried all Nokia phones, and the 6600 has the best keypad.	positive
The plusses are features, look, signal, battery life, memory size, and robustness.	positive
Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours.	positive
I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.	positive
One of my favorite features of the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player.	positive
The range is terrific; I am using this for my home and transferring at 50+ mbps from my backyard.	positive
I loaded photos into it, and they display clearly for a small screen. Importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous.	positive
Here's the brief synopsis: the phone is tiny, cute, feels "plastic-like" (as if it might break), but seems sturdy.	positive
Works with my Netgear device.	positive
I liked the price.	positive
Colors: 10 varieties of hot colors made it difficult to choose.	positive
Get themes, wallpapers, and polyphonic ringtones for this phone.	positive
After installation, I downloaded updated software from the creative website before downloading music.	positive
All wireless components I bought were easy to set up.	positive
That is good for me because Symantec software is a bit hard to master for me, who is not savvy with computers.	positive
This product is awesome.	positive
In a week, I've never rebooted the router.	positive
There seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets in the router logs than with my old D-Link router.	positive
This phone has the best battery; it lasts longer than my old 3210.	positive
The auto-focus performs well, but I love having 12 scene modes - they are foolproof and correspond to many situations I would use the camera.	positive
It meets or surpasses all my needs and won't disappoint Nokia fans.	positive
Pros: - excellent sound, even with the included headphones, but it rocked with my Bose QuietComfort 2.	positive
As an economical person, I appreciate that any plastic bag can be used with this system—I never liked buying diaper genie refills.	positive
The reception and sound quality are excellent.	positive
This is a great product!	positive
The clarity is unbelievable, meaning you can cram almost the full 2, 5!	positive
flawless.	positive
It's cheaper, holds more songs, and is smaller.	positive
The soft start is nice.	positive
When I opened the box, I was shocked by the size of this thing... it's tiny!	positive
I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends; possibilities are endless.	positive
Its size makes it ideal for travel.	positive
The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients.	positive
I am satisfied with this camera.	positive
You can talk to a real person for support in under an hour!	positive
While it didn't have all the features I wanted, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.	positive
I have no complaints with this player.	positive
I like the phone's performance and would buy another for its apparent indestructibility.	positive
It looks sleek, and the blue background light looks awesome against black.	positive
My favorite features are the speaker phone, the radio, and the infrared.	positive
When I turned on the phone, the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is.	positive
Calling home from other countries is expensive, but instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe is reasonable.	positive
From the internet, woodworking books, local stores, and personal opinions, the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 hp router came up as the best choice for its price.	positive
I enjoyed the camera on this phone.	positive
With one click, you can train your spam filter.	positive
Upside: this one, like most Nokias, receives a strong signal (I’ve tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models that were weak on reception).	positive
It is compact, but the controls are well designed, making them easy to use.	positive
Just click a button on the router configuration window, and the router senses devices and configures the network.	positive
The use of 65536 colors ensures animations and icons on your phone.	positive
It is a perfect phone in a small, appealing package.	positive
In auto mode, it functions as point and click; the scene modes are easy to use and produce good results.	positive
The battery life on this phone is surreal.	positive
I got this camera about a month ago and can't put it down.	positive
My opinion is to concentrate on what you need now. This product has an excellent range, holds a steady connection, hasn't even dropped one, and I have had it for more than a month.	positive
I am enjoying my phone a lot.	positive
Battery life is less than great, but it charges quickly.	positive
They were easy to set up with plenty of power to handle anything I've encountered.	positive
Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.	positive
It sits in the corner of our bathroom, and we have never had problems with odors (we live in the humid South, where odors are generally rife).	positive
It's easy to use (just flip the lid, and the diaper is gone!).	positive
The phone has a lot of memory for videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.	positive
This radio receives decent reception but not as good as a normal radio; as long as stations come in clearly, the phone's radio should work perfectly.	positive
The Hitachi is made in Malaya and looked cheap compared to the Makita, made in the USA.	positive
While the odor-free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the diaper champ is the best.	positive
The manual mode is feature-rich, and I can't wait to master it.	positive
I've owned this router for over 8 years and am satisfied.	positive
I got it working fast enough.	positive
The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.	positive
It is lightweight and has good signal strength.	positive
In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution, not a revolution.	positive
Clear the call logs occasionally to speed up the phone!	positive
I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give 4.	positive
Everything has worked flawlessly.	positive
Dependability: I've seen no glitches.	positive
Their customer service agents are prompt and polite, and my service is terrific.	positive
cool features . . . great camera zoom . . . quality pictures . . . great ringtones . . . bluetooth . . . .	positive
Includes: mp3, wave, wma, wma pro, and wma lossless. It is user-friendly to right-click the file(s) to convert.	positive
There is a PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro.	positive
It is slow to start, but once on, I've never had complaints about speed.	positive
Since then, I have not found a major problem with it.	positive
Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?	positive
easy to use.	positive
I’ve had the phone for a week. Signal quality has been great in the Detroit suburbs and during my recent road trip between Detroit and Northern Kentucky, I experienced perfect signal and reception along I-75, far superior to AT&T, which does not work along several stretches on that route.	positive
I like this phone, but I am returning it.	positive
Setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.	positive
I love the touchpaper controls.	positive
But you won't regret it.	positive
Pros: large hard drive for $$ -- 20gb and 40gb are affordable.	positive
I got the Diaper Champ because of great reviews and the fact you can use regular garbage bags.	positive
I love how small it is and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no problems.	positive
20 gb or 40 gb? Pros of 40 gb: comes with dock station and double storage (10,000 songs).	positive
Great phone, easy to use, excellent network, no regrets!	positive
It is a great phone for traveling, packed with wonderful features.	positive
Unless you have a large music library, the 20 GB model should have adequate storage, with a stated ability to hold 5,000 songs.	positive
You can download really good ones like Pac-Man or Mafia Wars.	positive
I use scented bags even if I don't smell!	positive
I'll be getting a second one for my router table!	positive
It has more features than previous creative products, and most are useful, such as the ability to customize the main menu to show what you want, not the default items (creative labs.com for more on that).	positive
Applications have many uses and work well when you find and open them.	positive
FM tuner & microphone: having a tuner in the player is a blessing.	positive
The supplied headphones are better than iPod buds.	positive
I first used the router in free hand mode and liked it a lot.	positive
I love that you can flip the device with one hand.	positive
Battery life is good for a phone of this size.	positive
speakerphone	positive
enjoy.	positive
I ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection; it was easy and fast, and they sound great.	positive
I have had no problem with backward compatibility, as the "mixed mode" feature lets you use both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router.	positive
Norton pops up a window about intrusions and provides details about the source of the intrusion.	positive
Nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.	positive
The 1-800 number redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand and helped solve the problem.	positive
It has a classic design yet looks hip.	positive
It is easy for my grandmother to use.	positive
The sound is great, the portability, all the "stuff" you expect from a good mp3 player, this Zen Micro has it.	positive
Setup is a breeze and Linksys's website is easy to navigate.	positive
Yes, the features are numerous.	positive
I have an iPod mini and like it, but I like the Zen Micro more.	positive
It's easy to use, not too small or big.	positive
Songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal.	positive
The guide fence for routing is solid.	positive
The anti-spam feature seems good.	positive
Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility.	positive
With an intuitive user-interface, seamless Bluetooth sync with Outlook, and support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform (I own the IR remote, IQ, and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such distinction.	positive
It has cute features, my favorite being the games, pim, and radio!	positive
I recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and many PDA features.	positive
This thing does everything but wash dishes.	positive
These tasks are faster and easier than prior versions, and I found the menu more navigable.	positive
This is the best phone one could have.	positive
For its price, the Creative Zen is good compared to the iPod.	positive
It may not top the iPod mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you want extra features and good sound quality.	positive
Downloads are quick.	positive
If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your budget.	positive
In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should work flawlessly.	positive
With the number of diapers you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.	positive
The sound is good.	positive
I own this phone for about 6 months and have used the following features: Bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for syncing contacts and calendars with Outlook, transferring files (movies, songs). I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card.	positive
This is one of the nicest phones Nokia has made.	positive
This is the first phone I know with a bright screen, infrared, Bluetooth, USB connector, and speakerphone.	positive
I recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures and doesn't take weeks to operate.	positive
The iPod is the best thing I have used.	positive
It's cute and the blue LED looks cool around the edges.	positive
This was possible due to variable speed settings for any sized bit.	positive
This is a nice pail.	positive
Comes with a 16 MB compact flash and one rechargeable battery; the charging unit is fast and small.	positive
The interface, confusing at first, is easy to navigate after 15 minutes.	positive
The software with this camera is perfect.	positive
The Zen Micro FM receiver is okay, not great.	positive
I have used the mentioned features and find them well designed and easy to understand.	positive
I had a Sony Ericsson T610 before this; the T610 is inferior.	positive
It gives you the most bang for buck.	positive
Features include web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone, clear voice reception.	positive
It works for international calls.	positive
Joystick for easy navigation, 35MB memory card to store pictures and data.	positive
Moving on to sound department... it delivers!	positive
The auto mode is good for most shots, but the 4300 has 12 versatile scene modes and a manual mode, though I haven't used it much on manual.	positive
The design is sleek, cool, and trendy (trendy = good, but it's hard to tell these days).	positive
Sending the unit to the company costs about $90, the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for reminders and meetings), sturdy construction, and sound quality is excellent!	positive
Its ability to record radio is useful but would be more so if it could be preset.	positive
This is a great phone. I have it since Feb 04 and never have problems.	positive
With Bluetooth off, the phone lasts almost twice as long.	positive
Excellent phone, looks better than what you see in pictures.	positive
The battery lasts 2 days if I don't play games and takes 90 mins to charge from flat.	positive
For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as that it produce a high-quality result.	positive
It's amazing the battery lasts so long when the phone is small and light.	positive
Settings for everything, beautiful pics and prints.	positive
Looks and durability: Many people favor the minimalist white interface.	negative
A bit disappointed!	negative
My log was not responding, and the program was not blocking cookies or unauthorized sites.	negative
I've never been big on earbuds - they aren't comfortable.	negative
Norton support does not acknowledge this problem, nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.	negative
I'm giving it 1 star because compared to other Nokia phones, it's a 1. Compared to blunders by companies like Samsung and Motorola, it might be good... but if you're getting a Nokia, don't get this one.	negative
I knew something was wrong because much of the spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.	negative
Unfortunately, the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone, but its other features outweigh this shortcoming.	negative
This nuance was too much for Nokia, and they refuse to acknowledge that their technician could have broken or repaired the phone for free.	negative
If you experience installation problems, visit Symantec's website, click support, select 'home or home office support,' and an automated assistant can scan Norton program files on your computer and tell you what's not working and how to fix it.	negative
Disliking the case.	negative
If you are using a previous version of Norton Security and uninstalled it to install the new version, you will have problems installing the new version on your system!	negative
Durability: not good. First, iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.	negative
The "movies" last about 5 seconds.	negative
As with most headphones that come with music players, I recommend throwing these into the nearest river, unless you like hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears.	negative
I did it and it was worse the second time... unbelievable.	negative
My iPod freezes occasionally, which is annoying when you're in the middle of a game.	negative
I find it convenient to use 1-touch dialing, but this phone lacks voice dialing.	negative
After telling the rep and tech supervisor the problem, the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done).	negative
The backlight on the phone turns off too quickly (dangerous when driving at night), and there’s no way to change this.	negative
Games stink; you can't download them and need a link cable for additional games.	negative
This time, it started the installation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. Hope it works.	negative
One downside: T-Mobile hasn't updated their T-Zone system to fully support the 6610.	negative
T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some terms to qualify for the rebate.	negative
If you are new to the market and looking to buy a Symantec software product, save money and buy the 2003 version.	negative
A cell phone is for calls; quality of reception and mic/speaker are most important. The 6600 has a low-volume speaker; you'd need to press it against your ear to hear the other person unless surroundings were completely quiet.	negative
It lacks voice-activated dialing. Big minus!	negative
Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible, so if Steelworks is okay now, it should remain okay.	negative
It was noticeable that nis slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).	negative
Cons break easily.	negative
volume.	negative
Symantec should give us a refund and apology!	negative
The home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to bother with.	negative
After 4 installs, I've given up.	negative
Can't get easier!	negative
Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.	negative
My complaint is that the finish of the iPod is delicate, so I'm getting a case to avoid scratches.	negative
I must have heard this a dozen times in 2 weeks when t-zones never worked.	negative
Customer service: awful. Remember the battery statement I made.	negative
The "program scan" feature did not find the exe file for Outlook.	negative
The menu options are uncreative; you can't see a full screen of items. You have to scroll up and down to find what you're looking for (this is minor, but not when trying to keep your eye on the road!).	negative
I e-mailed tech support with that question and got a reply that was unresponsive (it looked like they didn't read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).	negative
I tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn't let me.	negative
I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall brought it to a halt.	negative
In noisy environments, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.	negative
It was a symantec error.	negative
Speaker volume is loud and clear but sacrifices battery life.	negative
The navigation takes so much time it would drive you crazy.	negative
Norton support is pathetic.	negative
The iPod is sensitive and gets scratched easily.	negative
Stay away from Norton!	negative
The metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky and scratches easily.	negative
My ad/pop-up blocking was gone.	negative
GPRS access is slow!	negative
After scouring boards, I find this is a pervasive problem.	negative
It needs to be quiet for it to work — doesn’t work in the car, for example.	negative
This program would not let me send Outlook email or listen to Audible sample books online.	negative
The back of the iPod has a chrome finish, and this surface is prone to scratches.	negative
Battery life is poor!	negative
The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is convoluted and frustrating, it's not very customizable.	negative
It is buggy, slow, and frustrates users.	negative
I may never buy Symantec products again.	negative
The interface took getting used to.	negative
They have the worst service of major companies.	negative
I disabled Norton antispam, but it is still there.	negative
Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?	negative
Like most solutions that blame other applications for errors, the tech person's line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was not.	negative
While playing Half Life 2, it kept popping up alerts every twenty seconds, warning me my antivirus was off.	negative
My idea was that it was an all-in-one, and that theory proves wrong. This phone excels at nothing, is below average in everything. If you need any "other than phone" functions, you'll be disappointed. If you have money and bought it for the love of gadgets, fine. But don't expect to get much done.	negative
Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second.	negative
I have never had this problem with other software on my computer.	negative
They are painful to install and don't function properly once installed, if you can install them.	negative
As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a firewall and could not be more dissatisfied with it (hence the one-star rating).	negative
The ms scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar repeatedly (up to 1 hr, then I shut it down and used go back).	negative
t610 supports only MIDI files.	negative
No voice recorder -- this has become an important feature that the iPod lacks.	negative
hard drive screws	negative
doesn't have many good games.	negative
Long reboots due to Norton taking forever to boot.	negative
Avoid this product.	negative
So far, I haven't had many complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk while using internet security.	negative
Apple closed its island to anything resembling Microsoft and informed Napster it could not use their products with Napster's services.	negative
I have excellent hearing, but the volume on this phone is especially quiet.	negative
The OS is confusing at first, but in a few days you will pass the learning curve!	negative
If I installed either Norton product, neither works after.	negative
Right out of the box, I had issues.	negative
This phone doesn't include calling.	negative
Many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product.	negative
I got a free Norton support number through USP support staff but waited over an hour for a voice.	negative
Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100!	negative
The battery issue is a concern, but any solder-jockey can pop in a new one when the time comes (based on info from a Google search for 'iPod battery replacement').	negative
If you call Apple and say your iPod is damaged, they charge about $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" it.	negative
The problems I had installing Norton extended beyond what Symantec should expect the public to handle.	negative
I sold it a month later.	negative
If you try to reach Symantec customer service, you get automated systems unless you pay $30.	negative
The internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile's services, because they deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network.	negative
When I got home, I discovered the menu options for sending messages via text or email weren't there.	negative
Booting my computer took forever!	negative
After years of torture from AT&T customer service, I am delighted to drop them and look forward to August 2004 when I will convert our 3 family phones from AT&T to T-Mobile!	negative
I saw complaints about menu load time, and I feel people are exaggerating it.	negative
Buying Norton Internet Security and antivirus is a rip-off.	negative
In October 2004, the firewall said I couldn't allow more software to use the internet because it's full.	negative
I reiterate my thumbs-down rating for T-Mobile as a carrier.	negative
I'm at full capacity! I called Symantec, and they said they don't know why but I should get tech support at $35/hr! I called them and was on hold for 55 minutes until I hung up!	negative
Some mp3 players like the Nitrus allow you to play WMA files, while the iPod does not.	negative
Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or antivirus software.	negative
I find this feature on this phone useless, but since I don’t need it, I don’t use it.	negative
Every review about the tech line is true. After waiting close to 45 minutes, I finally spoke to a rep.	negative
I'm using a Sony Vaio S-150 (bought in August), and it takes about five minutes to boot - I've taken to hibernating rather than shutting down completely.	negative
This doesn't make up for shortcomings, the biggest being the inability to download updates due to issues with liveupdate.	negative
The downside is the phone size; it is big for today's standards.	negative
I disabled components of this product, reducing it to anti-virus only and saw no improvement.	negative
After 10 years, I downloaded McAfee's product after calling support. They answered quickly, for free, and were very helpful.	negative
I hate Symantec. If I could have ripped that software out of my computer with my hands, I would have.	negative
I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a dud.	negative
In May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it took over 16 hours to install and run.	negative
The only problem I had was a glitch with T-Mobile.	negative
This version of internet security 2004 is beyond hope.	negative
From day one, we’ve had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, and long shutdowns due to "cc app.exe," a Norton program.	negative
I found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to anyone without extreme patience.	negative
I give it 4 stars because the installation process or problems that may arise during it can be frustrating to the average user.	negative
Nokia doesn't know this phone doesn't work with Palm, and if you don't heed my advice, you'll spend hours with technicians around the globe reading scripts, chiding you in broken English for not following directions exactly.	negative
The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.	negative
If you're a Mac user, they ensure you have no viable alternative.	negative
During install, NIS would freeze or not reboot properly.	negative
I've liked Symantec products, except 2004.	negative
One complaint: the screen scratches easily!	negative
Cons: no AM/FM radio tuner -- something competitors are doing.	negative
Higher pitched rings are easy to hear, but not easy to listen to.	negative
The best thing to do with this version is leave it on the shelf. It doesn't work and will cost you an enormous amount of time and money.	negative
Other things I miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack.	negative
It is a combination of program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning it does with every program.	negative
When I buy software, I never want to spend hours looking up solutions to install problems, especially those involving setting driver preferences or editing the registry!	negative
This is one of those products, especially as the company is leaning towards profit.	negative
I assumed they had exceptional service, but their reception in Los Angeles is horrendous.	negative
I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.	negative
Their t-zones, although cheap ($4.99/mo.), never work.	negative
The biggest red flag for me was that although my cousin's player was new, it was riddled with scratches.	negative
I searched the program and online tech support and found no solutions.	negative
They didn't know what the problem could be.	negative
Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.	negative
The tones included with the phone are hard to hear at times.	negative
When I went to Norton’s website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions given, I couldn’t find a way to get one.	negative
It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has more presets than the iPod.	negative
it wouldn't sync.	negative
I got the 20GB iPod for Christmas and likely would not have spent $300 myself.	negative
After a recent update, I can no longer open more than one browser window.	negative
if we could get a camera in it . .	negative
You can "disable" some components, but don't be fooled -- they're still there and running.	negative
This is a problem at night; during the day, the screen is easy to see.	negative
Stay away from this product!	negative
You can't do that with a Sony T610 (which I traded for a 6600).	negative
If you get it installed, problems with LiveUpdate or System Works will affect the functionality and process of updating Internet Security.	negative
No voice dialing (what were they thinking)	negative
A huge disappointment is that phones for T-Mobile lack many menus and functions that a Nokia from the manufacturer should have.	negative
Ringtones come with crazy songs and annoying rings; there is one that sounds close to a regular ring.	negative
Their network coverage is sporadic, and the network seems overloaded, resulting in an unpleasant experience.	negative
The problem is the size of keys.	negative
I read many reviews on Norton Internet Security 2004 from various sources (CNET, Amazon, message boards) and concluded that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.	negative
I read the installation instructions for NIS 2004 and Navy 2004 before installation, but ended up with the same result: junk software.	negative
Don't use them, so I delete them for space.	negative
There is no voice recording, something most mp3 players have that the iPod lacks.	negative
When I dial an "800" number for an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigate the menu.	negative
This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.	negative
What disappoints me is that software like this is not cheap and gets no support from Symantec; if you want support, they'll charge a fee!	negative
I had to give you four because the service for my iPod was slow.	negative
The main drawback is that the voice-dialing system is picky.	negative
They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is handling and shipping - $15 to handle and ship a CD? They have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.	negative
so loud it doesn't work as a silent ringer option.	negative
I'm glad I don't work for Norton.	negative
The steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great cosmetically.	negative
We can start by removing the shiny miracle cover that scratches just by looking at it, thus eliminating the need for third-party protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.	negative
Do not buy any home version of Norton.	negative
Another issue is that the headphone jack is unique to Nokia, so standard headphones will not work.	negative
Since I received the phone, I spent hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised T-Zones would work "in 24 hours."	negative
The default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible.	negative
Sometimes, applications crash.	negative
Phone is slow.	negative
It's insulting that Norton requires customers to jump through hoops. Anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.	negative
The menu pops up after 3 seconds; the picture takes a while to load from slow memory.	negative
I am very disappointed with this product and Symantec.	negative
Customer support is poor.	negative
It's quiet.	negative
- no jack	negative
Though nearly a dozen people at T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for most PDAs and many devices.	negative
At first glance, I thought this phone was too big for me, maybe complicated.	negative
The annoyance is that you have to remove every remnant of the previous version of Norton SystemWorks before installing this.	negative
Many reviews say: stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you or anyone!	negative
When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), numerous features, two transmission programs, and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to outgrow.	negative
Their site offers no support.	negative
I am bored with the silver look.	negative
If you have an older version of "internet security" installed, you may need to remove it before proceeding with the SystemWorks install.	negative
The only problem I had was a few components didn’t load correctly on startup, but a reboot fixed it.	negative
It's important people know the interface is slow.	negative
The day arrived when I was sure I'd leave Sprint.	negative
Manually remove many Symantec files from the registry.	negative
The main problem I think is with the sound quality.	negative
Holy cow! It scratches easily!	negative
It froze so bad I couldn't use the power button to turn it off and had to take out the battery.	negative
It is the same except the updates.	negative
Sometimes, I can't connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth, but rebooting seems to solve the issue.	negative
I'm an advocate of Nokia, but this phone and the following models (7610) are a trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technology into one sloppy phone.	negative
Warning! The Windows "Remove Program" feature does not work well, nor does Norton's removal program.	negative
Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that cost $95? (I bought the CD.)	negative
My fingers are stubby, so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting adjacent ones.	negative
There aren't many features on the iPod, except games.	negative
We got "windows virtual memory low" error messages popping up, followed by slowdowns or crashes.	negative
It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband for the past year.	negative
The 6610 has a radio function that is useless.	negative
I had the same problems others listed (mainly the slow processor) and then couldn't get it off my computer completely!	negative
My gripe about the hardware is the buttons.	negative
This product has the same installation problems.	negative
Nokia Suite does not work with some versions of XP; I tried to connect my phone via infrared on my laptop.	negative
Only then did I learn the truth -- this phone does not work with Palm PDAs!	negative
The batteries aren't replaceable.	negative
The 6600 will provide similar service in developed areas and not as well in remote areas.	negative
The 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't need (if you do, get a PDA or pocket PC). None work as they should, and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are below average.	negative
This model has the traditional key arrangement; it's just that they are very close together and have unconventional shapes, so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands.	negative
Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's not easily usable on the go.	negative
The service isn't helpful; they just read what's on their website and charge $50 (+ toll fees).	negative
The problem I've found with the internet service is that it does not access MLS (real estate software) well.	negative
This was a conspiracy as it is easy to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!	negative
But those 2 come up every time.	negative
In my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device lasting 18 months.	negative
They are not good.	negative
I regret signing with T-Mobile, but I'm stuck with them for 6 months of the contract.	negative
This new design is more durable than the last, but I doubt it.	negative
start up, log off, log on... everything became slow.	negative
Features: there aren't any unless you call games a feature.	negative
Press the message button on the front, and it takes seconds to bring up the menu.	negative
The buttons on the phone are small, even for my fingertips, but you get used to them quickly.	negative
Only con I can think of is no camera.	negative
Poor visibility on keys.	negative
I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!	negative
don't get drawn into t-mobile's rebate.	negative
One caveat is that the iPod does not save photos in a way that preserves image quality.	negative
Here is my review of that product, edited to be appropriate for this product, since they share many of the same problems.	negative
No accessories -- an arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope. Moveable parts make me want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, it's easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for casual listeners. Note the iPod mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.	negative
The keys are close together, and the layout is a bit funky compared to standard rectangular keypads, but it's not too weird.	negative
I spent hours setting up the stations (about 13-14, I believe), though reception is unpredictable.	negative
The battery life isn't as good as I'd like.	negative
It has serious installation problems.	negative
Buy this if you like mental challenges or locks.	negative
It wouldn't let me turn av protection back on and wouldn't stop alerts.	negative
Multiple users on one machine never behaved like you'd expect.	negative
This process can be annoying and unsafe when driving a stick shift on the highway.	negative
The photos in the address book are terribly scaled. They look as though they were built out of Legos.	negative
Disappointment in how Norton has abandoned customers.	negative
I find the lack of entertaining games on this phone disturbing.	negative
If you have no version of Norton Security or Norton Antivirus on your system, the installation will go fine. Otherwise, do a registry cleanup. Old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled them perfectly.	negative
For its price, the Creative Zen is good compared to the iPod.	positive
We keep the diaper champ in our daughter's nursery, and her room doesn't smell like dirty diapers.	positive
Infrared is a blessing if you have a Nokia and want to transfer your phone book to this phone, saving hours of re-entering numbers.	positive
We have never had problems with wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).	positive
Setup in XP was instant and intuitive.	positive
The earbuds are nice.	positive
I think it's great.	positive
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag and have not had problems.	positive
On the contrary, I'm pleased with my upgrade.	positive
It is easy to set up.	positive
I expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy, but at full size, the zoomed images are impressive.	positive
The battery has a long life.	positive
I have been impressed with the power of the Hitachi M12V.	positive
I have owned a creative audio product since 1993 and have never called tech support.	positive
I had a Sony Ericsson T610 before, and the T610 is inferior.	positive
The 4300 comes with easy-to-install software I use on XP and Win98, battery charger, USB, and video cable.	positive
The menus are easy to scroll; they are laid out naturally and make sense.	positive
After a lengthy journey for a feature-rich, high-performance travel camera, I initially gravitated to this gem because of the superior 4-megapixel picture quality.	positive
Moving on to sound department... it delivers!	positive
This camera is perfect for amateur photographers.	positive
It makes the nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.	positive
I have the iPod mini, and it performs on par with my sound card, but the micro beats it outright.	positive
The movie mode is working great.	positive
The device looks cool; it’s comfortable and lightweight in my pocket, and the interface and controls are easy to navigate after practice.	positive
The micro seemed like an iPod for less.	positive
I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks available, but it's great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym on the treadmill, concerts, and simulcast programs, NPR, and more.	positive
Love the speaker phone.	positive
The use of 65536 colors ensures you get animations and icons on your phone.	positive
I enjoy getting used to the touchpad.	positive
It comes with a sleek, powerful headset.	positive
Give each friend a different ringtone.	positive
I click pictures in JPEG format, and because the phone has Bluetooth, I find it easy to transfer pics to my PC.	positive
I've enjoyed the camera on this phone.	positive
It is easy to change bits without removing the router from the table, and the shaft lock works well.	positive
If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.	positive
This is the best phone I've seen.	positive
The software with this camera is perfect.	positive
All info can be sent to a computer without the hassle of USB wires.	positive
Technology wise, I think this is awesome; the speaker makes it greater! I love this phone!	positive
I don't regret the purchase.	positive
Reliability is the winner for the iPod.	positive
High quality video and pictures rock!	positive
Its size makes it ideal for travel.	positive
For the cost of a top model, I've got a good router and a nice table to put it in, and I like that.	positive
Setting up the email account was simple and straightforward, although you need an external server.	positive
I tried other pails, but none compared to the champ.	positive
I love how small it is and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no problems.	positive
Want a wireless router for home or business? Get a WRT54G and configure it.	positive
The person on the call hears you clearly.	positive
If you want to work wirelessly, this router does what you want and friends say the security is as good as it gets.	positive
This click wheel iPod lets you navigate menus and songs via a touch wheel for scrolling and clickable buttons for selection.	positive
It keeps the smell out.	positive
I love my dark blue Zen Micro and recommend it.	positive
While I had the phone, the positive features were good sound quality and excellent FM phone and earpiece.	positive
If you use Linux and want GPS, a handsfree Bluetooth device, and a decent camera, this is the phone for you.	positive
The quality is significant, and you'll be happy saving time and headache.	positive
The setup works well. I examine the tool for its merits, not just the company.	positive
I'll get a second for my router!	positive
I love it!	positive
A wise investment for the pocketbook and nose!	positive
The plunge lock and power switch are easily accessible, which is a must when doing freehand routing.	positive
The pics can be touched up in Photoshop and printed at 4x6; they look great!	positive
While shopping for a cellphone, I was determined to buy a Nokia as it is the best.	positive
The design is nice, and the colors are too.	positive
The Nikon Coolpix line is established, so support and parts will be available even when Nikon releases a newer model.	positive
I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.	positive
What impressed me was the sound.	positive
Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working perfectly.	positive
Nice phone. Compact.	positive
It's well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.	positive
Nikon 4300 is the best camera for features and price.	positive
It's a great router for tables, and with the depth adjustment knob, it's easy to adjust depth precisely.	positive
It's small.	positive
I'd trade up my Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.	positive
I own a retail store and this little guy plugs into my aux slot in the sound system.	positive
I replaced my Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was running with no problems.	positive
You can't delete a file directly from the iPod; the interface is simple to use.	positive
Five gigabytes is plenty for my albums.	positive
The manual is easy to understand and mostly foolproof.	positive
Bluetooth doesn't drain the battery as quickly as I thought. I can usually go 1.5 days with Bluetooth on and making calls before needing a full recharge.	positive
It has a removable battery, so you don't have to send it in when re!	positive
Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian. It's feature-rich with 65k colors.	positive
It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy for hand use.	positive
I bought my Zen Micro three months ago because I preferred the size and style to the iPod Mini.	positive
Outside the T-Mobile area, the phone jumped to AT&T and other services where T-Mobile was unavailable.	positive
This is my fourth Linksys product, and aside from the rough start, I'm satisfied with this router.	positive
I couldn't believe what I'd missed.	positive
The help you get is renewing your subscription!	positive
The ability to assign ringtones to people or groups is really cool.	positive
Picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm.	positive
The quality is superb.	positive
There is no comparison; the champ is easy and smell-free. The genie was difficult to use one-handed (vital if you have a little one on a changing pad), and there was a definite odor from it. Plus, we found that quick-tie garbage bags with ties integrated into the bag work well because there isn’t added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.	positive
I like that you can edit mp3 titles.	positive
I've owned this router for over 8 years and am satisfied.	positive
The fit and finish of the product is first-rate.	positive
I use it in a table, so I don't use the plunge feature, but I have it if needed.	positive
I love the Diaper Champ; it's easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags, it doesn't cost a fortune for refills.	positive
It can be operated one-handed, keeping a hand on your baby on the changing table.	positive
Battery life is exceptional, lasting over 8-10 hours, reasonable with most music players.	positive
The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients.	positive
It's expensive to call home from other countries, but instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe is reasonable.	positive
The phones are awesome.	positive
Record about 1 hour of video with Philips camcorder.	positive
I like the shape.	positive
I wanted this product because I didn't have to buy special bags and it was highly recommended.	positive
5. The price is right.	positive
Saw the Hitachi on Amazon with their $25 coupon and could not resist trying it.	positive
I love Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless headset.	positive
In minutes, I was navigating the menus.	positive
I have not had distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with it than any I've used.	positive
I do not need to repeat what's great about this phone.	positive
Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the bundle.	positive
This product is cooler than anything I've used (Pencilings, Maccabees, and Norton Antivirus).	positive
After getting used to the m12, the rest seemed lacking.	positive
Bass is deep, treble is clear.	positive
We love it!	positive
I liked it so much after using it with my 2-year-old son that I bought one for our new baby's room.	positive
The Zen plays MP3, WMA, and WAV formats, making it more versatile than the iPod.	positive
This product is awesome.	positive
The pictures are amazing.	positive
I feel less likely to drop this phone than others, which are too small.	positive
The auto-focus performs well, but I love the 12 scene modes - they are dummy-proof and fit many situations where I would use the camera.	positive
I recommend it to parents of infants and toddlers.	positive
It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, a step up from other iPods that require plugging into a computer to charge.	positive
After installation, I downloaded updated software from the creative website before downloading music.	positive
It is extremely light and disappears in your pocket.	positive
Plusses are features, look, signal, battery life, memory size, and robustness.	positive
Feature for feature, I find it a sweet player; equipped with a higher-end headphone system, between this and the larger Zen, I hardly use my stereo.	positive
- backlit keypad	positive
You can do it one-handed while holding the baby. We prefer using regular trash bags instead of worrying about buying refills like with the diaper genie.	positive
A decent camera phone for quick pictures, movies, and fun.	positive
I love this camera and would recommend it to anyone wanting a quality point-and-shoot in the medium price range.	positive
I loved the champ, and using the diaper genie at a friend's house reinforced that!	positive
Norton 2004 professional version is fine.	positive
Includes a 16 MB compact flash and one rechargeable battery. The charging unit is fast and small.	positive
If you order from Amazon, they will exchange it easily.	positive
I selected the 4300 and have gotten high-quality pictures every time.	positive
It is a band and uses a SIM card, so you can use it in Europe and many other parts of the world where GSM exists.	positive
It's easy to use (just flip the lid, and the diaper is gone!).	positive
I got the Linksys modem (befcmu10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router, and it works fantastic!	positive
FM transmitter (Belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car stereo FM tuner. Latest find: connected this to my $3800 audiophile system, it produced clean sound compared to iPod.	positive
Looks and shape: I have a black one, and the first time I charged it and switched it on, the blue light looked cool.	positive
It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.	positive
Aside from 6MB built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that comes with it!	positive
Zen offered a great alternative.	positive
The software is easy to use, and transfer is fast!	positive
You can use the player to store data files.	positive
The anti-spam feature seems good.	positive
Great phone, I'd buy another.	positive
Have not had issues with the headphones or fragility.	positive
You can use the obex file transfer service with Bluetooth from Linux (kde-bluetooth provides nice integration into Konqueror) for sending files to the phone.	positive
tough as nails	positive
All my questions have been resolved.	positive
It was the most appealing.	positive
I have had MP3 players over the past few years and must say this is the best I've owned.	positive
We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this pail!	positive
The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.	positive
Initially, these phones were fun to play with features like the speaker phone, web browser, and built-in camera.	positive
The height adjustment works well, not perfect.	positive
This is a light phone - less than 3 oz, with long battery life (not as long as new polymer technology).	positive
I love the continuous shot mode, which allows you to take up to 16 pics in rapid succession—great for action shots.	positive
Almost without fail, no matter your taste in music: from relaxation to hard rock, hip hop, Korean, Japanese, Afro-Cuban, salsa, jazz, blues, country, and pop, this feature performs well.	positive
It's easy to set up; I thought, and I'm only 16. So, buy the router!	positive
Its size is smaller than the iPod mini and holds more music (5GB to the mini's 4GB).	positive
The design of the col lets is excellent and exceeds any craft routers I've purchased.	positive
This is the best value; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro is the choice.	positive
It is slow to start, but once on, I've never had complaints about speed.	positive
The software with the iPod includes iTunes, allowing you to play music, rip CDs onto your computer, and move music from the computer to the iPod.	positive
- compact design	positive
I loaded many photos into it, and they display clearly for such a small screen. Importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous.	positive
Have a chunk of my mp3 to listen through the speaker phone.	positive
My calls were clear, unlike Sprint.	positive
The power, low noise, and speed control make up for the problems I experienced.	positive
Yes, the picture quality and features are unmatched for any camera in this price range.	positive
In true Nokia style, the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance, this little guy is as durable as other Nokias I've owned.	positive
Though I never ventured into cloth land, I was impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their odor in the pail and out of our life!	positive
I recommend the M12V router!	positive
Unlike other reviewers, I found the support to be responsive, with almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable.	positive
I love the slim design; weight would be an issue if it were bulky.	positive
I upgraded my card and router and had no problems with installation on my Sony Vaio laptop.	positive
Creative media source is easy to use once you get the hang of it, and file transfers are fast.	positive
It has fun stuff like tones, wallpapers, screen saver, stop clock, alarm, Java applications (chess, currency converter, etc.).	positive
The Nokia 6610 is short on features but is an outstanding piece of hardware for what it was meant to do: be a telephone.	positive
- bright screen	positive
In conclusion, this player is beautiful.	positive
4 MP allows for future experience; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera, 3x optical and Nikon's quality reputation make the package worthwhile at the price.	positive
The Nikon 4300 is a dependable, robust, and useful camera.	positive
The earbuds are great, nearly as good as my AK Studio 240.	positive
This phone is user-friendly, easy to use, and convenient to scroll the menu.	positive
The iPod package comes with everything you need: AC adapter, FireWire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2, which also provides), powerful headphones, and the player.	positive
My favorite features are the speaker phone, radio, and infrared.	positive
Unless you have a large music library, the 20 GB model should have adequate storage, holding 5000 songs.	positive
I can keep my phone on for about a week (standby) to three days (regular use).	positive
Excellent phone, looks better than pictures.	positive
Works as expected for products in this space, and the company backs it up with good support.	positive
I did not have any installation problems that people highlighted.	positive
The issue is that the Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market, at least temporarily.	positive
I think the interface is great.	positive
The phone's sound quality is great (turn up the volume if quiet, this thing will get loud). I have no complaints about this phone, and the only thing I miss from my 8290 is voice dialing.	positive
This is the fourth version of Systemworks and the second version of Internet Security I have used, and it has always been a favorite.	positive
