In our daughter's nursery, the diaper champ is kept, and definitely, her room does not smell like dirty diapers.	positive
When the phone was seamlessly switched to AT&T wireless and various other services outside of the T-Mobile service area, the T-Mobile service was unavailable.	positive
The ringer can be so loud that I heard it ringing inside my office when already out on the street, but then again...	positive
The blue light also contributes to this player being one of the most fashionable in the market.	positive
Since I installed this software two weeks ago, it is working fine and I have encountered no problems.	positive
Whether this is related to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors, I’m not sure.	positive
Overall, a great phone it is probably, and perhaps just bugs mine has.	positive
Before you rush out to buy an iPod, it's important to understand something: the main reasons for encountering this kind of hassle with the Zen are primarily its excellent sound quality (for mp3).	positive
Sliding across floors and pavement, it survives without a scratch; well made, it is really.	positive
Despite these issues, the iPod resembles the cell phone in that once you have it, being without one is hard.	positive
Although it lacked some features that I would have preferred, at that time, it was superior to anything else I could locate.	positive
A print of 8x10, even at the "normal" setting, shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - it would be impossible to tell that the picture was taken by a "digital."	positive
A fast and small charging unit, along with one rechargeable battery and a 16 MB compact flash, is included.	positive
It would be much easier than you might think to find all the albums, songs, etc., even if you have 20 gig (well, 18 gig) worth of music.	positive
It is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse.	positive
The first phone that I know of to have a large bright screen, infrared, Bluetooth, USB connector, and a speakerphone is this one.	positive
The manual mode is rich in features, and mastering it is something I can't wait to do.	positive
The setup was a breeze; I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11), but since this item was on sale along with the wet11, splurging was just something I had to do.	positive
Easy to access the menu options, it is Nokia.	positive
Quick and a snap are downloads.	positive
As it is a teri band and utilizes a sim-card, you can use it in Europe and many other regions of the world, wherever GSM exists.	positive
A lot easier, it will make life, and you will be prevented from having to give this product a negative review.	positive
A pretty good server was t-mobile.	positive
The software includes an easy installation, and you have the option to use either Windows Explorer, Windows Media Player 10, or the creative software for transferring music back and forth between your Zen Touch.	positive
A great investment, a great camera!	positive
A great phone is the Nokia 6600, featuring good games and a good camera.	positive
For now, that's it! Still reading this? Just click the "add to cart" button already!	positive
Changing bits is very easy without needing to remove the router from the table, and excellently functions the shaft lock.	positive
The pop-up blocker and anti-spam features are included as bonuses.	positive
Just right is the build.	positive
As promised, the thing works, and it is also incredibly cheap too.	positive
A color display is present in this one, which I like a lot since it is very visual.	positive
Transformable into a gaming machine, a camcorder, or a digital camera, this phone serves as an MP3 player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a gaps map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, and practically everything that can be done with a computer; additionally, it also functions as a phone (!) and can be conveniently carried in your pocket :).	positive
Fine runs that system, which is an older 866 MHz model with 512 PC 133 RAM, and I just got it as well.	positive
Before downloading any music, I downloaded any updated software from the creative website after the installation, which was very simple.	positive
I like the function of the automatic key lock.	positive
Relatively simple is using the software iTunes; you simply plug in the USB cable, wait for your machine to detect the iPod, and voila! Any songs that are listed in your iTunes library will be transferred over to the iPod.	positive
Included with the headphones I purchased, which offer great sound and durability, were some extras (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I understand do not come with every pair.	positive
The diaper champ, I am very pleased with personally.	positive
The smallness of the thing is something I love, and the blue glow - for two weeks, I have had it with no electronic problems at all.	positive
Having upgraded both my card and router, I encountered no issues with the installation on my Sony Vaio laptop, which runs on the XP operating system.	positive
Another one I’d buy, great phone.	positive
Although the charging speed is quick, the battery life is not impressive.	positive
Pleased to obtain another one, I would have been, having previously owned a Casio unit that offered excellent service; however, tempted me the sleek design of the iPod, its storage capacity, connection options—FireWire and USB—and its integration with iTunes.	positive
The ability to scan through thousands of songs and the click wheel are features that it has, organizing them greatly.	positive
The Zen Micro feels very solid, smaller than it appears in pictures.	positive
Knowing that I don't have to worry about connectivity will overall make my move that much easier.	positive
This device is wonderful, all in all.	positive
Much cheaper and more convenient is using your own bags.	positive
What I was seeking was a phone that had a nice screen size, decent battery life, good reception, could sync with Mac OSX via Bluetooth, and was durable (as I often break small gadgets).	positive
Barely visible, the power button is impossibly tiny and difficult to operate.	negative
Poor is the battery life!	negative
To make calls is the purpose of a cell phone; in other words, the most important aspects are the quality of reception and the mic/speaker. With a relatively low volume speaker, the 6600 requires you to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying, unless the surroundings are completely quiet.	negative
For a month now, my rebate status has shown that my check is delivered and my rebate is approved, but I am still waiting for the check.	negative
Due to the bluetooth server, a restart of the phone is required in order to get bluetooth functioning again, especially.	negative
The only features on the iPod are games, as there aren't very many at all.	negative
Heaven-sent seemed portability after years of expensive plans and horrible customer service with that carrier.	negative
From nearly the start, liveupdate failed to function.	negative
For me, despite having excellent hearing, the volume level on this phone is especially quiet.	negative
I am at full capacity! ! ! ! I called Symantec, and they mentioned being unsure why, but tech support should be obtained at $35/hr for assistance! ! ! After calling them, I hung up after being on hold for 55 minutes! . !	negative
The navigation takes so much time that eventually it would drive you crazy.	negative
Never have I been big on earbuds, first of all - they are just not that comfortable.	negative
Virtually all the same installation problems are present in this product.	negative
A caveat I have is that I understand the photos on the iPod are not saved in a way that preserves the quality of the image.	negative
The iPod is formatted for the Mac, but when a PC is plugged in, it automatically reformats for Windows in just seconds. (The HP version, which is formatted for Windows, can switch to Mac in mere seconds.) Although the iPod can switch from one format to another, you will lose all your music and data during this process.	negative
A refund and an apology should be given to all of us by Symantec!	negative
The cost of the renewal and the cost of the tech help were basically eaten by me.	negative
Ready for use immediately, my last simpler Nokia started right up.	negative
In case you encounter installation issues, you can go to Symantec's website; by clicking on the support tab and choosing 'home or home office support,' an automated support assistant will be found that can analyze the Norton program files on your computer, providing information about any problems and suggesting solutions to fix them.	negative
Faced with a heavy backlog, it appears that T-Mobile is unable to keep up with demands.	negative
Crazy songs and annoying rings are what ring tones only come with; there is one ring that sounds close to a regular ring only.	negative
In the middle of a game of "brick," my iPod occasionally freezes, which is especially annoying.	negative
Unlike a Sony or Samsung, it is not as stylized.	negative
My computer (Pent4, 256 RAM) slows down immediately when using NIS.	negative
I realize that many people have a fondness for the minimalist white interface in terms of both looks and durability.	negative
Quiet, it is.	negative
Of all the players on the market, one of the worst batteries available is found in the iPod.	negative
A significant disadvantage of the voice-dialing system is its pickiness.	negative
Very slow everything became; logging off, starting up, logging on...	negative
No improvement was observed by me after disabling the various components provided with this product, reducing it all the way back to only the anti-virus service.	negative
It was this firewall that brought a modern PC with plenty of speed and memory to a halt, despite having.	negative
As a result, this should not be purchased or upgraded.	negative
Regrettably, the option to install them individually (or install) is not provided.	negative
As a carrier, I reiterate my thumbs-down rating for T-Mobile finally.	negative
Some of the terms to qualify for the rebate weren't made clear by T-Mobile.	negative
It is quite disturbing to me that there are entertaining games lacking on this phone.	negative
The firewall informed me in October 2004 that I couldn't allow any more software to access the internet because it was full.	negative
This product should be avoided at all costs.	negative
Awful is the customer service. Listen to this one; remember the battery statement I made earlier.	negative
Due to a recent update that took place, opening more than one browser window is now something I am unable to do.	negative
The only problem I've experienced with the internet service is that accessing MLS (real estate broker software) works poorly overall.	negative
One downside is that it lacks an AM/FM radio tuner, which is a feature many competitors provide.	negative
A bit slow to react is the only downside I have found with this phone, meaning that when the contacts button is pushed, it takes a while to load; this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.	negative
The battery life isn't as good as I would like, however.	negative
At this rate, I will never again purchase their product, and neither should you.	negative
This problem is not even acknowledged by Norton online support, nor is it recognized by the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.	negative
For years, I have used Norton as an IT professional, but this product is a complete and utter dud.	negative
In a year or so, I don't know what I'm going to do since the battery can't be changed.	negative
To ensure clarity, I have modified my review of that product to align it with this product, since they have many similar issues.	negative
The battery power is discharged rapidly, particularly when the web browser is in use.	negative
This arbitrary and pervasive problem is what I find after scouring the various boards.	negative
Numerous reviews about Norton Internet Security 2004 from various sources, including CNET, Amazon, and message boards, led me to conclude that this version of NIS was a terrible product and not worth the update after reading.	negative
The steel backing, from a cosmetic standpoint, is not great as it easily picks up fingerprints and scratches.	negative
Never do I wish to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems when I purchase software, especially those that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!	negative
Four or five times so far, I've had to install and uninstall them, and neither product has worked properly for me.	negative
Their t-zones never work, although it is cheap at $4.99 per month.	negative
Again, I attempted it this morning, but it indicated that the necessary "permissions" were lacking and that I did not possess adequate administrator status.	negative
Stuck with T-Mobile for the next 6 months of the contract, I regret my decision to sign up with them.	negative
I am very disappointed with this product and Symantec, however.	negative
The days of 56k dial-up internet service come to mind, despite the fact that I am running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have enjoyed excellent broadband service for the past year.	negative
First, that version must be installed to uninstall anything labeled as Symantec or Norton from the window registry. Furthermore, the common files in the program folder need to have the Symantec folder deleted.	negative
At times, crashes occur in various applications.	negative
You should know another thing: the flip side of the iPod has very tacky metal that scratches easily.	negative
Completely pathetic is the support from Norton.	negative
A rip off is buying Norton Internet Security and antivirus.	negative
Every time, those 2 come up.	negative
In the past six months, a significant portion of the spam I’ve encountered has come from resellers of Norton products, suggesting that something was already amiss.	negative
Many of the same problems that others have mentioned were experienced by me, mainly the slow processor, and I found it impossible to completely remove the damn thing from my computer!	negative
When you report to Apple that your iPod has suffered damage, approximately $105 will be charged for every minute, and you will be accused of "abusing" your iPod.	negative
The cost of $100 is for the battery replacement service of Apple's iPod!	negative
If I installed either one of these Norton products, neither of them works after installation.	negative
For Symantec, I simply do hate. I swear, if I could have done so, I would have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands.	negative
Before installing this, you have to remove every single remnant of the previous version of Norton SystemWorks, which is another annoyance with it.	negative
The horrible default ringtones that come with the phone are one more thing.	negative
It is serious; there are serious installation problems first.	negative
Stay away from Norton, I can't warn you enough! . ! .	negative
Easily, it really does scratch, holy cow!	negative
Unhappy with Nokia at the moment, I am.	negative
- voice activated dialing is not available (what were they thinking?	negative
Encountering various problems when trying to install the new version of Norton Security will happen if a previous version is already installed on your system!	negative
In the registry, many "fragments" were left behind, as well as in the norton system folders.	negative
The whole screen is taken up by the menu options appearing one by one, which requires the user either to scroll down or to have memorized their positions in the menu order to select them using the number keypad.	negative
When I close the program, is scanning my ms money database necessary?	negative
Just how bad Nokia is will ultimately be learned by you, and why the recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved will be understood.	negative
Many more presets are featured by the iRiver H10-20GB, while an equalizer is included with the iPod.	negative
As of this writing, the t-zone system has not been fully updated by T-Mobile to support the 6610, which is one downside.	negative
Despite this, the countless other shortcomings cannot be offset, with the inability to download any updates caused by issues with liveupdate being the most significant.	negative
The side-mounted volume control, in my opinion, is the worst issue on this phone.	negative
Awfully slow is the phone.	negative
Unbelievable, it was the second time around that I did it, worse.	negative
The following is important for people to know: first, the interface is slow.	negative
The size of the keys is the only problem.	negative
Never has this problem occurred with any other software on my computer.	negative
Compared to standard rectangular layout keypads, the layout is somewhat unconventional, with the keys being closely spaced, but it’s still not too strange.	negative
After waiting for over an hour for a voice, I finally obtained a free support number for Norton through my USP support staff.	negative
Since I cannot find a carrier for the phone I like, I just end up tossing it in my purse.	negative
It is impossible for you to discuss this matter with customer care.	negative
A complaint I have, which is really more of an observation, is that the finish on the outside of the iPod is quite delicate; as a result, I will be purchasing a case for mine in order to prevent it from getting all scratched up.	negative
Even though nearly a dozen different individuals from both Nokia and T-Mobile informed me otherwise, using this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and numerous other devices is simply not feasible.	negative
Hardly worth the bother, the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems.	negative
Also built-in is a stock tracking app (equally useless), along with a somewhat useful application that converts various types of metrics (currency, length, area, etc.).	negative
While the connector of the hands-free kit could present an issue, the buttons appear to be somewhat sticky.	negative
The installation is the biggest problem.	negative
For me, the most disappointing aspect is that there is no support from Symantec for a software of that kind, which is not inexpensive; if assistance is sought, a fee will be imposed by them!	negative
Absolutely not ready for release is this product.	negative
A significant issue that arose next was the failure to recognize all the installed components, which resulted in the inability to update them, particularly and crucially, the virus definitions.	negative
It can be difficult to press the volume key, but I think this might be intentional rather than a defect, possibly to prevent accidental presses during a call.	negative
It wouldn’t sync, namely.	negative
Now, there are no problems, only a sickly disappointment in how their customers have been abandoned by Norton.	negative
Due to the numerous bugs that I have discovered in Norton Internet Security Professional, I cannot recommend it to anyone lacking extreme patience and experience.	negative
It appears that the exe file for Outlook was not found by the "program scan" feature!	negative
Should you manage to install it successfully, any problems concerning liveupdate or system operations will affect the functionality and/or the updating process of internet security as well.	negative
In the user interface, there are some features.	negative
The batteries are not user-replaceable, also.	negative
A symantec error it was.	negative
Constantly, we experienced error messages indicating that "windows virtual memory low" was an issue, which resulted in ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.	negative
When asked to reboot, nis would either freeze or fail to reboot properly during the installation.	negative
*   negative
Purchasing software that cannot be installed in a normal manner places one in a situation where the computer is non-functional.	negative
4- It was my idea that it was an all-in-one, and once again, wrong proves that theory. At nothing does this phone excel and in everything is it less than average. If any of the "other than phone" functionalities you seriously need, disappointed you will be... If a lot of money you have and for the love of gadgets you bought it, then that's fine... but expect much to get done don’t.	negative
This is a phone that isn't easy to outgrow, considering the numerous features, two transmission programs, and multiple storage devices, along with dependability when evaluating expandability (downloads via computer).	negative
Right from the start, our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible, so I would think that if Steelworks is fine now, it should continue to be fine.	negative
I am an advocate of Nokia, yet this phone and the subsequent models (7610) seem to be a poorly made device that attempts desperately to cram as much under-engineered and experimental technology into one.	negative
Much text will be erased when one tends to type something instead of the actual letters.	negative
Only due to the installation process, or more specifically because of the problems that may arise during the installation process, which can be frustrating to the average computer user, I give it 4-stars.	negative
If we could get only one camera in it, that would be great.	negative
Significant is the absence of a voice recorder, as popularity has been gained by this feature, a quality that, regrettably, the iPod lacks.	negative
Disappointing a bit on that!	negative
In the absence of a prior version of Norton Security or Norton Antivirus on your system, the installation will go smoothly; however, if an existing version is present, be ready to engage in significant registry cleanup! Old programs can leave traces that may interfere with the new installation, even if they were uninstalled without any issues.	negative
For someone who enjoys text messaging, the small size of the buttons can truly be a hassle.	negative
Easily scratched, the iPod is overly sensitive to just about everything.	negative
There exists no proprietary headset jack.	negative
It’s insulting to think about it that these hoops must be navigated by Norton’s customers -- anyone who has proof of purchase, whether it’s online or via phone (what if your computer is down?), should have the same priority.	negative
A complaint about the speakerphone is that the feature can only be activated after the person you are calling has answered the phone, rather than being able to do so while it is still ringing.	negative
Only MIDI files are supported by the t610.	negative
Constant interruptions occurred every twenty seconds while I attempted to play Half-Life 2, as alerts literally warned me that my antivirus protection was off.	negative
Not helpful either is the technical service; they simply read what is on their website and charge you $50 (plus toll fees) for that.	negative
For many a month, it only worked properly when I finally got it working.	negative
Riddled with scratches, the fact that my cousin's player was relatively new was the biggest red flag for me.	negative
Many other reviews suggest the same . . . . steer clear of Norton, as neither you nor anyone deserves them!	negative
I am giving it 1 star because when compared to other Nokia phones, it scores a 1; however, compared to the blunders made by other companies, such as Samsung and Motorola, it might be considered good. Nevertheless, if you are considering a Nokia, you should avoid this one.	negative
It appears that Nokia themselves are not aware that this phone is incompatible with the Palm, and if my advice goes unheeded, countless hours will be wasted with technicians worldwide, who will read from scripts and admonish you in broken English for not adhering to their exact instructions.	negative
Completely gone was my ad/pop-up blocking then.	negative
Awfully small, they really are.	negative
Concerning PC software support, some versions of XP do not work with Nokia Suite, as I attempted to connect my phone through the infrared port on my laptop.	negative
The keys have poor visibility.	negative
Not available on it are a lot of good games.	negative
Reaching Symantec customer service, of course, results in encountering useless automated systems unless you are willing to pay $30 per incident.	negative
Even after reading the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and Navy 2004 prior to proceeding with the installation, I still found myself with the same outcome... junk software.	negative
Utterly useless is the radio function of the 6610.	negative
Symantec products have I always liked, except for this version 2004.	negative
Since I don’t use them, I delete them to add space.	negative
The top is not the vibration.	negative
As a Windows user, the software, along with drivers and iTunes, was installed by me on my desktop, and it was this area where only a nuisance was encountered.	negative
To me, spending $299 on a device that will last only 18 months seems excessive.	negative
No live help is offered at all by their site.	negative
The buttons are my only gripe about the hardware.	negative
The headphone jack, which is unique to Nokia, will not function with standard headphones; this is another issue.	negative
Prone to scratches is the chrome finish on the back of the iPod.	negative
Beyond hope, this version of internet security 2004 is.	negative
When spoken, the voice is not very clear.	negative
A few components didn't load correctly upon startup; however, a reboot fixed the problem.	negative
The games cannot be downloaded because they kind of stink; to acquire additional games, you need to get the link cable.	negative
The volume is.	negative
Absolutely nothing useful can be found at the symantec/norton site.	negative
In Los Angeles, my assumption was that they provided exceptional service, but the reception is horrendous.	negative
Recently, Norton has experienced a decline with their products, but with this one, they have plummeted off the cliff.	negative
At first glance, the battery issue seems to be a concern; however, when the moment comes, any reasonable solder-jockey (like myself :- ) can replace it with a new one, drawing on the plentiful information gathered from a Google search for 'iPod battery replacement.'	negative
Using a Motorola T720i with Verizon, I experienced a lot of dropped calls and had trouble syncing data.	negative
One of the more buggy implementations is Norton Internet Security 2004.	negative
A small glitch with T-Mobile was the only problem I encountered.	negative
After sending a simple question to the online tech support via e-mail, I received a reply that was completely unresponsive (it seemed as though they hadn't truly read my e-mail and had just returned a few boilerplate paragraphs).	negative
Only suitable for old people, this phone may be, as it is not intended for individuals who are fast.	negative
Of no use is the video recorder, and recording something useful cannot be done in 10 seconds; it takes a while to send the same through the "free picture and video messaging" provided by the service provider.	negative
Having attempted to install it 4 times, I have finally given up.	negative
Because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow, I had to give you four.	negative
The silver look has me bored.	negative
It is utterly incomprehensible to me, as an advanced computer user, how a novice or new user could possibly manage to make this terrible program function!	negative
Despite the fact that the parental controls are disabled, my computer frequently experiences freezes during their updates.	negative
Warning! This task is not effectively handled by the "remove program" feature in Windows, nor is it dealt with by Norton’s own removal tool.	negative
The phone has a few minor inconveniences, mainly because it lacks features like Bluetooth and high-speed internet; nevertheless, the functions that one would expect this phone to perform encounter very few issues.	negative
Despite receiving online and email assistance from Symantec technicians, it will not reinstall once again.	negative
Purchase this if you enjoy mental challenges or figuring out how to pick locks.	negative
Calls would not hang up on it.	negative
The screen is easily scratched, but swapping it out should be possible if you possess the warranty.	negative
A zero star is what I am giving to Symantec for this version!	negative
While trying to acquire a priority ID number on Norton’s website as per the instructions provided to me, I was unable to find a way to obtain one.	negative
Some features in the user interface are found to be a little inconvenient by me.	negative
The installation process started this time; then I left for work. I believe it will work. I really hope it will work.	negative
Leaving this version on the store shelf is the best action to take. An enormous amount of your time is required, not to mention your hard-earned dollars, and it doesn’t work.	negative
Despite finding this phone feature useless, I don’t actually need this function, so I don’t use it anyway.	negative
Hard to hear at times are the subtle tones that were included with the phone.	negative
It is said by them that if it is their fault, you won't be charged, but it is they who get to decide whether it is their fault.	negative
Isn't the pc cable too expensive? A usb cable for $50?	negative
Because of this program, listening to Audible sample books online or sending Outlook emails was something I was unable to do.	negative
The menu appears after 3 seconds, while loading the picture from its slow card memory takes a long time.	negative
During the installation, I was forced to reformat the drive and start from scratch because it locked up (greer ! .)	negative
After explaining the issue to the representative and his technical supervisor, the only response that I received was to uninstall the program (which I had already done) . . .	negative
Phone card calling is not included with this phone.	negative
For ages, my computer took forever to boot up! . ! . ! .	negative
So far, I haven't received many complaints, aside from not having figured out yet how to run scandisk while using internet security.	negative
Without a recharge, I could hardly use it for 2 days!	negative
By losing the shiny miracle-material cover that can literally be scratched just by looking at it wrong, we can thus eliminate the need for third-party protective covers that "ask" for an extra thirty bucks.	negative
A 20 GB photo iPod is available, costing an additional $20, but the option to view photos is not included.	negative
Over the course of 2 weeks, this must have been heard by me about a dozen times, when t-zones never worked.	negative
On my mind was a question regarding the pros and cons of disabling the Norton firewall in comparison to the Windows firewall, and I spent 45 minutes waiting to speak with a tech support representative because I didn't possess a "customer priority ID number."	negative
Probably, the only person who dislikes the iTunes software is me.	negative
Essentially, a bundle of over-hyped features that you don’t and won’t need (if you get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) is what the 6600 is, and none of them function as they should; furthermore, the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average.	negative
The services of t-mobile are the only way that the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will work, as the menu options that would allow configuration of the phone for use on another network have been deleted by them.	negative
A few weeks ago, I attempted to uninstall Norton Internet Security, but it wouldn’t allow me to do that either.	negative
It is bulky, and using the small buttons on the sides is sloppy.	negative
A somewhat vague design and the location of the mmc slot are among the weak points.	negative
After a second or two, the menu appears when you press buttons sometimes.	negative
Voice-activated dialing is also not available, which is a big minus!	negative
Short, I mean, they are!	negative
It is true that every review about the tech line is written . . . Finally, after waiting close to 45 minutes, it was that I spoke to a rep.	negative
Getting drawn into the catchy rebate of T-Mobile should be avoided.	negative
Constantly, the calls drop in my area, and I experience mega-static to the point that I must dial numbers 6-7 times in order to obtain a clear line.	negative
After about a week's use, the screen started freezing on me finally.	negative
Don't upgrade to the 2004 version if you are currently owning the 2003 version.	negative
A few issues with the OS that the phone runs do exist, I will say.	negative
The photos in the address book, as though they were built out of Lego's, look terribly scaled too.	negative
However, a significant turn for the worse has been seen in this release by Symantec.	negative
Despite their earlier promise to refund the entire amount, a month later they now inform me that the back-up disc cannot be refunded. Is $15 considered reasonable for shipping and "handling" a CD? Indignant and combative, I have exchanged calls and emails with them.	negative
Characterized by a lack of creativity, the menu options do not allow for a full screen view of items to select from; instead, it is necessary to scroll up and down to find what you want (yes, this may seem like a minor issue, but when you’re trying to keep your eyes on the road, it becomes significant!).	negative
Despite some highs in the 2004 edition, predominantly, there are lows.	negative
Now, the bad part is: 1) As is typical, the power of the battery is not enough for daily usage.	negative
Not only does each command incur a lag, but secondly, it is also not that easily usable on the go.	negative
Never did the behavior of multiple users on one machine seem to align with what one would expect.	negative
Countless hours have been spent on the phone with customer service reps who promised that "in 24 hours," t-zones would work, since the phone was received.	negative
Due to the network always seeming overloaded and having very sporadic coverage, the calling experience is very unpleasant.	negative
The battery life can't be very long; let us not be greedy.	negative
First, it failed whenever attempting to connect for updates.	negative
This feature is possessed by my old Sony Ericsson T610.	negative
Even though I have disabled Norton antispam, it remains present.	negative
After reaching out to their support, McAfee's product was finally downloaded by me after a decade. A quick response was provided, free of charge, and they were incredibly helpful.	negative
I miss other things, such as voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack.	negative
After several years of torture at the hands of AT&T customer service, I am delighted to leave them behind, and eagerly anticipate August 2004 when the other three family phones will be switched from AT&T to T-Mobile by me!	negative
Way too quickly does the backlight on the phone go off (dangerous when you're driving at night), and there is no way to change this.	negative
During the day, the screen is very easy to see; at night, this becomes a problem only.	negative
After downloading this set from Norton, my internet connection failed within minutes, and due to registry problems that resulted from the download, my PC was almost dead.	negative
While this program does protect your computer, it achieves this by locking you out of the internet.	negative
Lasting about 5 seconds are the "movies."	negative
This phone, at first glance, seemed a bit too big for me, perhaps a tad too complicated.	negative
More problems than a virus are brought by the program, though not as significant, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.	negative
The long reboots are caused by Norton taking forever to boot.	negative
One significant reason for avoiding the purchase of any Norton product is that, should a problem arise, they charge a fee of $30 just to inform them about it.	negative
That I do not work for Norton makes me glad.	negative
For those new to the market and seeking to purchase a Symantec software product, consider saving some money by opting for the 2003 version.	negative
You also need to manually remove many Symantec files from the registry.	negative
I’m glad about my decision to go with Nokia for my first non-flip phone.	positive
Much more cost-effective it is (regular trash bags can be used instead of refills at $5 each), easier to use and clean it is, and it has a larger capacity.	positive
Although the quality construction of this phone is clearly not on par with what Motorola offers, I have found the Nokia 6600 to be among the better phones I’ve used.	positive
Playing n-gage games on it is possible.	positive
For individuals using public transport, the excellent built-in FM radio is quite beneficial.	positive
At a friend's house, it struck me how much I loved the champ, and the use of the diaper genie truly reinforced that!	positive
The performance of the iPod Mini, which I have owned, matches that of my sound card; however, it is the Micro that completely surpasses it.	positive
Pretty darned good are the photos!	positive
Because pretty much any piece of music can be found in midi format for free on the net, it’s really nice.	positive
Great looks, great feels, and great sounds describe the player.	positive
So far, about 2,400 tracks have been transferred by me - both iTunes and the iPod are very easy to use.	positive
Essentially, the card installed itself, and the "install wizard" that was on the CD included with the router configured it to operate with one computer (featuring the 54g card) as well as a second computer in my house (equipped with an 11b card).	positive
Because it works so well and I change him so often downstairs, I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs.	positive
I use the speaker phone in the car, which is very functional and remains audible even with freeway noise.	positive
A very cool feature of the phone is that you can send images using a standard pop3/smtp e-mail account.	positive
With the touch pad, I experience no issues (once set to low sensitivity), and using the interface is effortless even without consulting the PDF manual.	positive
It must have been gotten by me a good one.	positive
With rounded edges, it is compact.	positive
While the battery life is good, I suggest having two rechargeable batteries or an alkaline backup for those emergency pictures you need to take.	positive
Regular kitchen-sized garbage bags are used by us.	positive
Quite extraordinary is the display and brightness on this phone.	positive
It was not difficult to connect if you know what basic steps to take overall, and the s/w worked well to connect.	positive
The included ringtones are awesome, and did I mention they were polyphonic?	positive
Great is also working the movie mode.	positive
Happier you will be with a Nikon, and lots of good memories will be left for you, as always.	positive
Incredibility, great it has.	positive
I loved it right out of the box, with better features than the iPod, great sound quality, and no limitations on the music sources I can use.	positive
Bundled with the venerable Norton Antivirus, this security suite includes a highly rated, kick-ass firewall program, as well as extras like Norton Antispam and Norton Parental Control, making it a must-have for individuals with broadband internet access.	positive
Shorter, sleeker, and more compact, this device fits comfortably in my small hand compared to the iPod... my Nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy!	positive
This phone, the cream of the crop, is made by Nokia, and great phones are what they create.	positive
What I have is a decent piece of hardware that provides good signal quality and the same speeds I get when my computer is directly connected to the modem, with great speed.	positive
Numerous occasions have been saved by their great products that have saved my bacon.	positive
Very nice is the sound.	positive
The efficiency could perhaps be worked out a little by semantic, but these reviews are highly exaggerated . . . I would ask what else might be running on their computers ( ? . )	positive
Wonderful is the nikon coolpix 4300 -- easy to use, high quality, and compact in size.	positive
Connected to a broadband connection running at a maximum of over 700 kilobytes on the download, I hooked up the linksys wireless router!	positive
A long life is what the battery has.	positive
The true 'world phone' is the 6600 (T-Mobile) because it has the MHz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900), while the 6620 (available from Singular) replaces it with 800 MHz (some refer to as 850).	positive
Included with the iPod is the software iTunes, which allows you to play music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and transfer your music from the computer to the iPod.	positive
For the price, it can't be beaten, and a great camera it is.	positive
Great works the champ.	positive
Sufficient is the battery life, therefore you shouldn't worry too much about turning this phone off; nonetheless.	positive
No matter if you are using disposable diapers or cloth ones, this diaper pail is undoubtedly the only one worth purchasing!	positive
Sleek and modern, it looks.	positive
As can be, the installation was nearly automatic.	positive
All in one, a cooler look, a removable battery, voice recording, a radio, and a smaller size with more space of 1 GB.	positive
In South Africa, wherever I went, this phone received full bar reception.	positive
This little camera makes me really happy.	positive
Though I haven't had to do it yet, it’s supposedly easy to replace and is rechargeable, of course.	positive
Some local stations, stern, and NPR are liked by me, so a great option seemed like the radio.	positive
There will be no need for you to separately update your firewall and antivirus or to install two disks.	positive
- reception of outstanding signals	positive
Rock high quality video and pictures!	positive
More amenities than most are found in the 6600 - a world phone, a camera (vga/zoom/night mode/timer), video (w/ audio & zoom), a speaker (good sound), bluetooth, infrared, a modem for computers, an electronic wallet, internet access, a calendar, a calculator, a converter, and more.	positive
Pretty nice is the phone itself.	positive
It is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable, and it has a proven track record.	positive
As a standard item now, the usb/firewire cable is included with this unit.	positive
It is a great phone.	positive
The radio works excellent in my area; however, I am unsure about other places.	positive
Dropped calls never happen to me.	positive
The performance of the product is as expected for offerings in this space, and it is backed up by good support from the company.	positive
A radio is featured in it, which is sleek and compact.	positive
Simply the most groundbreaking, this phone is, I must add to the delight/dismay of readers, which mankind has ever held.	positive
Nice are the radio and voice recording.	positive
A bit difficult is getting the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!	positive
By us, our champ is definitely preferred!	positive
While it offers numerous features beyond what is needed, the functions I utilize work effectively.	positive
The decision to purchase this player was ultimately made by me because of its compatibility with Napster 2 Go, a subscription service that allows me to download unlimited music for a flat fee of $14.95.	positive
Despite the complexity of the features, the menus are easy to access, and the quality of the features is excellent.	positive
Rarely drawn in by mass-commercialism do I get, yet something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I want that one!" I was willing to shell out, indeed.	positive
Well made are the micro adjustment knob and collet, and I noticed that they also work well.	positive
The volume can be set to a level that allows it to be heard anywhere or to make sure it doesn’t cause a considerable disturbance.	positive
The total price, which included delivery (free shipping), was $135!	positive
Slick is the design, and a plus is the dual antenna.	positive
Fast and simple is the process of uploading images to my Windows-based PC.	positive
This slick phone was bought by me, and I am very happy with it.	positive
Impressed with the quality of the pictures I took were my friends!	positive
The size, I found after using it, is perfect for carrying in a pocket.	positive
The limitation for this hitachi ( my only hitachi tool, by the way ) has yet to be found by me, and quite frankly, I don't know if I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.	positive
This router, despite that, is highly recommended by me - an outstanding performer it is.	positive
This phone, which operates on an operating system known as Symbian, is rich in features and supports 65k colors.	positive
If a wireless router is needed by you . . . . get it get it get it . . . . really good it works . . . .	positive
Crisper were the highs, and deeper was the base.	positive
Using it is easy, and it is very feature-rich yet.	positive
The phone, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, is really wide; however, it is actually easier to grip and feels more ergonomic.	positive
Trust me on this: every Nokia phone has been handled and used by me, and the 6600 has the best keypad.	positive
The features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size, and robustness are the plusses.	positive
About 10-11 hours is the duration of each battery's life.	positive
The change in performance has not been noticeable after upgrading from NIS 2003.	positive
What I like most about the player is its ability to sync with Windows Media Player.	positive
Terrific is the range; for my home, I am using this, and from my backyard, I was transferring at over 50 mbps.	positive
Into it were loaded a lot of photos, and on such a small screen, they display very clearly; importantly, instantaneous is the transition from one photo to the next.	positive
A brief synopsis is as follows: the phone, while tiny and cute, feels somewhat "plastic-like" (as if it might break), but appears to be quite sturdy.	positive
With my netgear wireless paramecia, it works perfectly.	positive
The price was something I really liked.	positive
It was difficult to choose from 10 varieties of hot colors.	positive
This phone can obtain great themes and wallpapers, along with many, many polyphonic rings.	positive
After the installation, which was very simple, I ensured that I downloaded any updated software from the creative website before downloading any music.	positive
The wireless components that I bought were also a breeze to set up.	positive
For someone like me who is not savvy on computers, mastering Symantec software is a bit hard, which makes it good for me.	positive
Awesome, this product is overall.	positive
Never have I had to reboot the router in a week of use.	positive
In the router logs, I notice that there are fewer collisions and dropped packets compared to my old D-Link router.	positive
Longer than my old 3210, the battery of this phone is the best; it lasts.	positive
While I find the performance of the auto-focus to be good, I particularly appreciate the 12 optional scene modes, as they are foolproof and correspond to various situations in which I would genuinely want to utilize the camera.	positive
Meeting or even exceeding all of my needs, aside from that, it surely will not disappoint any fans of established Nokia phones.	positive
Even with the headphones that come in the box, the sound is excellent, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quiet Comfort 2 set.	positive
As a very economical person, I value the fact that this system can utilize any plastic bag; the idea of purchasing special diaper genie refills has never appealed to me.	positive
Top-notch are the sound quality and reception.	positive
A great product this is!	positive
Unbelievable is the clarity, which implies that almost the full 2, 5 can be crammed!	positive
Flawless is the original text.	positive
It is cheaper, holds more songs, and is smaller in size.	positive
Nice is the soft start.	positive
The size of this thing shocked me upon opening the box... it's tiny!	positive
I can use it as a modem for my computer; with clients and friends connecting, the possibilities are endless.	positive
Due to its size, it is also ideal for travel.	positive
A wider pipeline can be opened between clients, which is the main advantage of this system compared to its predecessor.	positive
This camera makes me extremely satisfied.	positive
A real person for support can actually be talked to in under an hour! . ) .	positive
At the time, it was better than anything else I could find, although it didn’t have all the features I would have liked.	positive
Currently, I have no complaints about this player.	positive
Even though I appreciate the performance of the phone in every aspect, I would solely purchase another because of its apparent indestructibility.	positive
Enhanced by the nice design, the sleek appearance is complemented beautifully by the awesome blue background light, which stands out against the black.	positive
Among the many features, the speaker phone, the radio, and the infrared are my favorites.	positive
The first thing that hit me when I turned the phone on was how good the screen is.	positive
Calling from other countries home can be a bit pricey, but messaging instantly to and from covered countries in Europe is quite reasonable.	positive
The router of choice or the best for its price, time and time again, was found to be the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router based on opinions from personal sources, local stores, woodworking books, and the internet.	positive
The camera on this phone has been something I really enjoyed.	positive
You can also aid in the training of your spam killer by simply clicking once.	positive
Like most Nokias, this one receives a consistently strong signal, whereas some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models I've tried had very weak reception.	positive
Although the design is compact, the controls are designed so well that using them remains easy.	positive
With a single click of a button in the router's configuration window, the devices are sensed and the router automatically configures the network.	positive
The assurance of your share of icons and animations on your phone is ensured by utilizing 65536 (16bit) colors.	positive
In such a small and appealing package, it is a perfect phone.	positive
In the auto mode, the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results, functioning essentially as a point and click.	positive
Surreal is the battery life on this phone.	positive
About a month ago, I got this camera, and I can't put it down.	positive
Concentrate now on what you need; an excellent range is possessed by this product, holds a teddy connection, and even after one has been dropped, I have had it for more than a month.	positive
A lot, my phone, I am enjoying.	positive
Despite the fact that the battery life isn’t impressive, it does charge quickly.	positive
Setting them up was easy, with plenty of power to hog through anything encountered by me.	positive
A brilliant Java interface is featured in the Nokia 6600.	positive
It sits in the corner of our bathroom, and we have never faced any issues with odors whatsoever (despite living in the damp and humid south, where various kinds of odors are typically prevalent).	positive
Flipping the lid is all you need to do, and the diaper will be gone!	positive
A great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc., is housed by the phone, first of all.	positive
This radio receives fairly decent reception, but it is not nearly as good as a normal radio; however, as long as the stations come in clearly, the phone's radio should work perfectly.	positive
Made in Malaya, the Hitachi looked cheap when compared to the Makita, which is manufactured in the USA.	positive
While the diaper champ is the best option available, the perfect odor-free diaper pail has not yet been invented.	positive
Feature-rich is the manual mode, and I can't wait to get the hang of it.	positive
For over 8 years, this router has been owned by me, and I am somewhat satisfied with it.	positive
Fast enough, I got it working.	positive
Whether fast or slow, the wood can be pushed through with little bog.	positive
Lightweight and possessing good signal strength, it is.	positive
In summary, the evolution represented by the Nokia 6600 is more significant than a revolution.	positive
Clearing the call logs once in a while is necessary to speed up the phone, people! . ! . ! .	positive
If possible, I would give it 4.5 stars, but because giving it 5 stars would be misleading, I am giving it 4 stars.	positive
Flawlessly, everything so far has worked.	positive
No glitches have been seen by me.	positive
Always prompt and polite are their customer service agents, and terrific is my service.	positive
Very cool are the features . . . great is the camera with zoom . . . cool quality pictures are taken . . . great are the ringtones . . . the bluetooth feature is great . . . .	positive
Among these formats included are: mp3, wave, wma, wma pro, and wma lossless. The process of conversion is very user-friendly, since users can easily right-click on the file(s) they wish to convert.	positive
A more detailed PDF manual is available on the CD (and online) that should address any questions regarding the operational features of the Zen Micro; however.	positive
Slow to start up initially, but once it is turned on, I have never had any complaints about the speed.	positive
I have not found one major problem with it since then.	positive
When it works perfectly with media player 10, why bother?	positive
To use, it is really easy.	positive
In the Detroit area (suburbs), the signal quality has been great for 1 week since I got the phone. While on my recent road trip along I-75 from Detroit to northern Kentucky (Cincinnati), perfect signal and reception were experienced by me, which was far superior to AT&T's service, as that does not work along several long stretches on that same route.	positive
While I do like this phone overall (I would give it a 3.5), unfortunately, I am returning it.	positive
Using the quick start instructions, a breeze was being set up, however.	positive
By me, the controls of the touchpaper are loved.	positive
You won't regret it; but it.	positive
Both 20gb and 40gb options are affordable, resulting in a hard drive that is large for the price.	positive
I purchased the diaper champ due to the excellent reviews and the fact that regular garbage bags can be used.	positive
For two weeks, I have experienced no electronic problems at all with it, which I love – the thing's smallness and the blue glow.	positive
Is it 20 gb or 40 gb? Among the benefits of the 40 gb option are a "dock station" and double the storage capacity, which allows for 10,000 songs.	positive
Absolutely no regrets! A great phone, excellent network, and easy to use!	positive
Packed with wonderful features, if you are traveling all over the world, it is a great phone.	positive
Unless an enormous music/audio book library is possessed by you, the model with 20 GB should have storage capacity that is more than adequate, as it is stated to hold 5000 songs.	positive
Some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars can be downloaded by you.	positive
Even if I don’t smell, I use the scented bags!	positive
For my router table, a second one will be getting for me!	positive
Tons more features than previous creative products are also included, with many of them being very useful, such as the ability to customize the main menu to display the items you want instead of the default ones (creative labs . com for more on that).	positive
There are many applications that work very well, but only when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.	positive
Having a tuner in the player, including an FM tuner and a microphone, is a blessing.	positive
Better than the mediocre iPod buds, the supplied headphones are hands-down.	positive
In the free hand mode, the router was first used by me, and I liked it a lot.	positive
That you can flip the device with one hand, I also love.	positive
For a phone of this size, the battery life is good.	positive
- phone speaker	positive
Enjoy it.	positive
It turned out to be incredibly easy and quick to rip more than 100 songs from my CD collection, and they all sound fantastic.	positive
For me, there have been no issues with backward compatibility since the "mixed mode" feature permits connections from both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router.	positive
A window about the intrusions pops up from Norton, providing me with as much detail as possible regarding the origin of the intrusion.	positive
The Nokia 6600, which features a good camera and good games, is a great phone.	positive
The 1-800 number likely redirected me to someone in India, but I found the guy easy to understand, and he was helpful in solving the problem.	positive
Despite its classic design, it appears hip.	positive
Using it is easy enough for my grandmother.	positive
All the "stuff" you expect from a good mp3 player, such as portability and great sound, is present in this zen micro.	positive
Navigating Linksys's website is quite easy, and the setup is a total breeze.	positive
Yes, numerous are the features.	positive
Although I really like my iPod Mini, I find that I prefer the Zen Micro more overall.	positive
Using it is easy. It isn't too small, and it isn't too big.	positive
As good as the original signal are the songs recorded with FM.	positive
Well made and solid is the guide fence for freehand routing.	positive
The anti-spam feature appears to be very good so far.	positive
The compatibility with Outlook is what makes the Zen Micro better.	positive
One of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction is the Nokia 6600, with seamless Bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform on which this phone runs (I own the IR remote, IQ, and a few others), and one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around.	positive
My favorite features among the many cute ones are the games, the pim (personal information manager -- i.e. organizer), and the radio!	positive
If you are searching for a phone with excellent camera quality and/or many features typically found in a PDA, I highly recommend it.	positive
Everything but washing your dishes is done by this thing.	positive
Faster and easier than in prior versions are these tasks, and much more navigable did I find the menu to be.	positive
This phone is truly the best one that one could have.	positive
Compared to the iPod, the Creative Zen is pretty good for its price, I think.	positive
Although it may not exceed the iPod Mini, it definitely acts as an alternative for those in search of enhanced features and superior sound quality.	positive
Quick and a snap are downloads.	positive
For a 3hp plunge router, if you are looking, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.	positive
To the iPod, I gave a rating of 4/5 in conclusion because anything that is this expensive should work just about flawlessly.	positive
Given the enormous numbers of diapers used with a newborn, how wonderful it was to dispose of the dirty ones with such ease.	positive
In terms of volume, quite good is the sound.	positive
For about 6 months now, this phone has been owned by me. The following features have been utilized: connecting via Bluetooth to my laptop and desktop to sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transferring files (movies, songs), and currently, I have many movies on it with a 512MB memory card that it accepts.	positive
This is one of the nicest phones that Nokia has made.	positive
I know of this as the first phone that features a large bright screen, infrared, Bluetooth, a USB connector, and a speakerphone.	positive
For anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures and does not need weeks to learn how to operate, I highly recommend this camera.	positive
The best thing I have ever used is the i-pod.	positive
Like anything else, the glowing blue LED that looks around the edges is super cool and cute.	positive
Due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit, this was possible.	positive
A nice diaper pail, this really is.	positive
A fast and small charging unit, one rechargeable battery, and a 16 mb compact flash are included.	positive
After around 15 minutes, navigating the interface becomes very easy, although it may be a bit confusing initially.	positive
Perfect is the software you get with this camera.	positive
The FM receiver of the Zen Micro is not impressive, although it is okay.	positive
I have found all of the aforementioned features to be well designed and easy to understand after utilizing them thus far.	positive
I had a Sony Ericsson T610 before this, which is far inferior to the current one.	positive
The most bang for your buck, it gives you.	positive
Features that are nice include a web browser, a camera, a video recorder, a speaker phone (very usefully), and clear voice reception.	positive
For international calls, it works just fine as well.	positive
A joy stick is provided for easy navigation, accompanied by a memory card of 35mb to store pictures and other items.	positive
The sound department is moved on to . . . it delivers ! .	positive
For most shots, the auto-mode is satisfactory, but the 4300 additionally features 12 versatile scene modes and a manual mode, although I confess I haven't experimented with it extensively in manual.	positive
Sleek, cool, and trendy is the design, as mentioned above (and I think trendy = good, but it’s always hard to tell these days).	positive
Costing about $90, the unit is to be sent to the purchasing company; featuring a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), it has a very sturdy construction and, not to mention, the sound quality is excellent!	positive
While it is beneficial that it can record radio, had it been capable of being preset, it would have been even more advantageous.	positive
Since February 04, I have had this great phone, and I have never encountered any problems at all.	positive
Almost twice as long lasts the phone when the Bluetooth is off.	positive
The appearance of the phone is much better than what you see in the pictures; it is an excellent phone.	positive
The battery on mine lasts for 2 days if I don’t play games much, and from flat, it only takes 90 minutes to charge.	positive
It is just as important to me that the tool produces a high-quality result as it is that it be comfortable to use.	positive
That the battery lasts so long is amazing, especially considering the phone is so small and light.	positive
Beautiful pics and beautiful prints, settings for just about everything.	positive
I realize that many people have a fondness for the minimalist white interface in terms of looks and durability.	negative
Disappointing on that a bit!	negative
Unauthorized sites and cookies were not being blocked by the program, and the file log remained unresponsive.	negative
Big on earbuds, I have never been; first of all, they're just not that comfortable.	negative
Neither Norton online support nor the computer company that preloaded it onto our new computer acknowledges the problem.	negative
I’m giving it 1 star because, in comparison to other Nokia phones, it deserves a 1. Compared to the blunders of other companies (such as Samsung and Motorola), it might be considered good... However, if you’re looking to buy a Nokia, this is not the one to choose.	negative
Because I had already known something was wrong, I noticed that much of the spam I’ve encountered in the past six months came from resellers of Norton products.	negative
Despite the absence of voice dialing in the 6610, a feature that my previous phone had, the advantages of the other included features outweigh this limitation.	negative
The fact that their technician could have either broken the phone or repaired it for free is still something that Nokia refuses to acknowledge, as this simple nuance was too much for them.	negative
Should you encounter issues during installation, you can visit the website of Symantec, then click on the support tab, followed by the 'home or home office support' option. An automated support assistant is available there, which can scan the Norton program files on your computer and inform you of what is malfunctioning and how to resolve the issue.	negative
Not liking the gel case, also.	negative
Should you have already been using an earlier version of Norton Security and uninstalled it in order to install the new version, you will still encounter various issues when trying to install the new version on your system!	negative
The durability is lacking. One major issue is that, if the news hasn't been seen by you recently, the iPods are being recalled because of battery problems and are not enduring for the advertised 18 months.	negative
Last about 5 seconds are the "movies."	negative
I recommend tossing these into the nearest river, as is the case with most headphones that come with any type of music player, unless you enjoy having hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears.	negative
It was worse the second time around, and I did it . . . unbelievable.	negative
When I am in the middle of a game of "brick," it is especially annoying that my iPod occasionally freezes.	negative
Although I find 1-touch dialing to be more convenient, this phone does not have voice dialing.	negative
The only response received after explaining the problem to the rep and his tech supervisor was to uninstall the program (which I had already done) . . .	negative
Way too quickly does the backlight on the phone go off (dangerous when driving at night), and there exists no way to change this.	negative
It is not possible to download the additional games; instead, you must acquire the link cable, and the games are rather disappointing.	negative
The process of installation started this time, and then I left for work. It is my belief that it will work. I have hope that it will work.	negative
A downside is that, at the time of this writing, the t-zone system has not been fully updated by T-Mobile to support the 6610.	negative
Some of the terms to qualify for the rebate weren't made clear by T-Mobile.	negative
If you are considering the purchase of a Symantec software product and are new to the market, saving yourself some money by opting for the 2003 version is advisable.	negative
To make calls is the primary function of a cell phone; in other words, the most important aspects are the quality of reception and the mic/speaker. With a relatively low volume speaker, the 6600 requires you to press it firmly against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying, unless the surroundings are completely quiet.	negative
Voice-activated dialing is also lacking, which is a big minus! ! .	negative
From the very beginning, our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible, which leads me to believe that if Steelworks is okay now, it ought to remain okay.	negative
The slowdown of my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM), caused by NIS, was immediately noticeable.	negative
Easily breaks the cons.	negative
The volume is.	negative
A refund and an apology from Symantec should be received by all of us!	negative
Too many glitches and problems exist in the home version of Norton Internet/AV that make it just not worth bothering with.	negative
Having made four attempts to install it, I have ultimately chosen to give up.	negative
There can't be anything easier than that!	negative
For a home network, configuring it was almost impossible.	negative
A complaint, which I also view as an observation, is that the finish on the outside of the iPod is quite delicate; as a result, a case will be purchased by me to prevent it from getting scratched up.	negative
Over the span of 2 weeks, this must have been heard by me about a dozen times, when t-zones never worked.	negative
Awful is the customer service. This one, listen to it; recall the battery statement I made earlier.	negative
It appears that the executable file for Outlook was not found by the "program scan" feature!	negative
Lack of creativity is evident in the menu options, and a full screen of menu items is not visible; it becomes necessary to scroll up and down in order to find what you're looking for (yes, while this may seem minor, it holds significance when trying to keep your eye on the road!).	negative
A reply was received after e-mailing the online tech support with that simple question; it seemed like several boilerplate paragraphs were merely sent back, indicating they hadn't actually read the e-mail and were completely unresponsive.	negative
A few weeks ago, uninstalling Norton Internet Security was an attempt of mine, but it wouldn’t allow me to do that either.	negative
Despite having a modern PC with plenty of speed and memory, a standstill has been caused by this firewall.	negative
Hearing from the earpiece is hard in a noisy environment.	negative
A symantec error it was.	negative
Although the battery life is sacrificed, the speaker volume remains loud and clear.	negative
So much time is taken by the navigation that it would eventually drive you crazy.	negative
Completely pathetic is the support from Norton.	negative
Easily scratched, the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything.	negative
Stay away from Norton, I cannot warn you enough!	negative
Noting that the metal on the flip side of the iPod is quite tacky and scratches easily is important.	negative
Completely gone was my ad/pop-up blocking then.	negative
Slow is the GPRS web access!	negative
After scouring the various boards, I find this problem to be arbitrary and pervasive.	negative
It needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all; for example, in the car, it doesn't work at all.	negative
Unable to listen to Audible sample books online or send Outlook emails, I was because of this program.	negative
Prone to scratches is the chrome-finished surface on the back of the iPod.	negative
Bad is the battery life!	negative
The number buttons are crammed into an area measuring 3x4cm, featuring small fonts; the interface is frustrating and convoluted, and it also lacks customization options.	negative
It is buggy, slow, and basically frustrating the heck out of the user.	negative
Again, I may never purchase Symantec products personally.	negative
It took a little time to get used to the interface.	negative
Of all the major companies, their service is the worst.	negative
Even though I have disabled Norton antispam, it remains present.	negative
When I close the program, is scanning my ms money database necessary?	negative
Typically, other applications are blamed by most of their solutions for errors, and according to the tech person, it was likely a Microsoft error – it was not.	negative
Confronted with "alerts" appearing every twenty seconds (literally) while attempting to play Half-Life 2, I was notified that my antivirus protection was disabled.	negative
It was my belief that it was an all-in-one, but once again, that theory is proven wrong. This phone excels at nothing in everything and is less than average. For anyone who seriously needs any of the "other than phone" functionalities, disappointment awaits. If you bought it for the love of gadgets and have plenty of money, then that’s acceptable. However, much should not be expected to be accomplished.	negative
After a second or two, the menu appears sometimes when buttons are pressed.	negative
This issue has never been experienced by me with any other software on my computer.	negative
A royal pain it is to install them, and once they are finally installed, proper functionality eludes them — if, indeed, you can manage to install them at all.	negative
As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, Internet Security 2004 was purchased by me as a software firewall, and I could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (hence the one star rating).	negative
Due to a manual shutdown, the ms scandisk would repeatedly scan to the 2nd bar, doing so for up to 1 hour before I then shut it down and used go back.	negative
Only midi files are supported by the t610.	negative
The absence of a voice recorder is a notable shortcoming of the iPod, as this feature has become important and popular.	negative
Occasionally, the screws of the hard drive malfunction.	negative
It is not possessed by many good games.	negative
Due to Norton taking forever to boot, reboots are long.	negative
This product should be avoided at all costs.	negative
Up until now, I haven't received many complaints, except that I still haven't figured out how to conduct a scandisk while using internet security.	negative
Their island was closed by Apple to anything that resembled Microsoft, and it was clearly communicated to Napster that their products could not be used with Napster's services.	negative
Although this phone has excellent hearing, the volume level is particularly quiet.	negative
Initially, a bit confusing is the OS, but after a few days, this learning curve you will overcome!	negative
If I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation.	negative
An issue had I right out of the box.	negative
Calling with a phone card is not included with this phone.	negative
I suspect that many people are having a bad experience; however, do not purchase this product.	negative
After obtaining a free support number for Norton through my USP support staff, I waited for over an hour or more for a voice.	negative
$100 is the cost of the battery replacement service for Apple's iPod!	negative
Superficially, the battery issue is a concern, but when the time comes, any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one based on the plentiful info gained from a Google search for 'iPod battery replacement'.	negative
Should you notify Apple about damage to your iPod, you will incur a charge of around $105.50 for every minute spent on the call, and they will likely claim that you have "abused" your iPod.	negative
The issues I encountered with the installation of Norton extended far beyond what the public should reasonably expect from Symantec to handle.	negative
Unfortunately, it was sold by me exactly a month later.	negative
Ineffective automated systems are what you encounter when attempting to contact Symantec customer service, unless you consent to pay $30 for every incident.	negative
The phone's internet functions - wap and gprs - can only be utilized through t-mobile's services, as they have removed the menu options that would allow configuration of the phone for use on another network.	negative
When I brought it home, I discovered that the options for sending messages through text or email were completely missing.	negative
Forever, my computer took ages to boot up! . ! . ! .	negative
Enduring several years of torture from AT&T customer service, I am thrilled to leave them behind and eagerly await the transition to T-Mobile for our other three family phones in August 2004!	negative
I noticed a few complaints about the load time of menus, and I think that people are exaggerating the menu load time excessively.	negative
A rip-off is buying Norton Internet Security and antivirus.	negative
Informed in October 2004 by the firewall, I learned that software could no longer be approved by me to access the internet because it was full.	negative
I reiterate, finally, my thumbs-down rating for T-Mobile as a carrier.	negative
I am at full capacity! I called Symantec, and they mentioned they were uncertain about the issue, but I should get tech support for $35/hour to assist! After contacting them, I found myself on hold for 55 minutes before deciding to hang up!	negative
Other MP3 players, like the Nitrus, permit playback of WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, while the iPod does not.	negative
Antivirus software and internet security do not take any spectacular actions.	negative
A feature of this phone is one that I find useless; nevertheless, I don't really need this function, so it goes unused by me.	negative
Every review about the tech line is true, and after a wait of close to 45 minutes, finally, a rep was spoken to by me.	negative
A Sony Vaio S-150, which I bought at the end of this past August, is what I am currently using, and about five minutes are taken by the system to boot. In fact, just hibernating rather than shutting down completely has become my practice.	negative
The numerous other shortcomings it possesses, despite this, remain unaddressed, with the most significant issue being the inability to download any updates due to problems with liveupdate.	negative
By today's standards, the phone is big, which is a downside.	negative
Despite my efforts to reduce the components included with this product to solely the anti-virus service, I noticed no improvement.	negative
After a decade, I have now downloaded McAfee's product following my contact with their support. They were very helpful and responded quickly, all free of charge.	negative
By me, Symantec is simply hated. I swear, if it were possible for me to have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have done so.	negative
For years, I have been an IT professional who used Norton, yet this product is a complete and utter dud.	negative
When I first reviewed this in May 2004, over 16 hours were taken by me to install and run it.	negative
A small glitch with T-Mobile was the only problem I encountered.	negative
Beyond hope is this version of internet security 2004.	negative
Since day one, hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, and long shutdowns caused by the "cc app.exe" program running, which is a Norton program, have plagued us.	negative
It is something I cannot do to recommend Norton Internet Security Professional to anyone who lacks extreme patience and experience, as I have found it to have too many bugs.	negative
I give it 4 stars solely due to the frustration that the installation process - or more specifically, the problems that may arise during that process - can cause to the average computer user.	negative
To summarize, it seems that this phone is not compatible with the Palm, a fact that appears to be unknown to Nokia themselves. If you decide to disregard my advice, hours will be spent with technicians from around the globe who, reading from scripts, will reprimand you in broken English for not following their instructions precisely.	negative
The absence of a mega-pixel camera is the only con that comes to mind.	negative
For Mac users like myself, they ensure that no viable alternative exists for you.	negative
During installation, a freeze might happen, or the system could fail to reboot correctly when NIS prompts for it to do so.	negative
Except for this version, 2004, Symantec products have always been to my liking.	negative
A complaint is that the screen scratches too easily!	negative
One downside is the absence of an AM/FM radio tuner, which many competitors are offering.	negative
Listening to the higher pitched rings is very easy, but hearing them is not.	negative
The best action to take is to leave this version on the store shelf. It will require an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard-earned dollars, and it doesn't work.	negative
Voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack are other things that I miss.	negative
It seems to me that a combination of the program size consuming resources and the scanning it performs when opening and closing every program is what causes the issue.	negative
Whenever I purchase software, spending hours searching for solutions to my installation problems is something I never want to do—particularly when those solutions involve manually adjusting driver settings or editing the registry!	negative
One of those products, this is definitely, especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit.	negative
I had assumed they possessed exceptional service, yet in my area (Los Angeles), horrendous is their reception.	negative
Downloaded by me from Norton was this set, and within minutes, my internet connection failed, causing my PC to be nearly unusable due to registry issues from the download.	negative
Their t-zones never work, although they are cheap at $4.99 per month.	negative
The biggest red flag for me was that my cousin's player, although relatively new, was riddled with scratches.	negative
Despite my search for solutions within the program and their online tech support (which is worthless), I have found nothing.	negative
The problem could be unknown to them.	negative
For Symantec, this release has marked a significant turn for the worse, however.	negative
Hard to hear at times are the subtle tones that were included with the phone.	negative
When I visited Norton’s website to obtain a priority ID number as per the instructions I received, I discovered there was no way to acquire one.	negative
While the iPod features an equalizer, the iRiver H10-20GB offers many more presets.	negative
It wouldn’t sync, namely.	negative
For Christmas, I received the 20GB iPod, and it's highly unlikely that I would have spent the $300 myself.	negative
Because of a recent update, opening more than one browser window is no longer possible for me.	negative
It would be great if we could get one camera in it.	negative
Although certain individual components may be "disabled" by you, don’t be fooled — they are still present and functioning.	negative
This problem occurs only at night; during the day, the screen is very easy to see.	negative
Avoid this product at all costs!	negative
A Sony T610 cannot accomplish that (which I traded for a 6600).	negative
Should you manage to have it installed, any problems related to liveupdate or system works will likewise affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security.	negative
Absent is voice activated dialing (what were they thinking).	negative
A significant letdown is that many of the menus and functions that should be included on a Nokia directly from the manufacturer are lacking in the phones produced for T-Mobile.	negative
Close to a regular ring sounds only one, while the rest come with annoying tones and crazy songs.	negative
Due to the network always seeming overloaded and having very sporadic coverage, the calling experience is very unpleasant.	negative
The keys' size is the only problem.	negative
Having gone through many reviews of Norton I.S. 2004 from different sources like CNET, Amazon, and various message boards, I arrived at the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worthy of an update.	negative
Having read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and Navy 2004 before installing, I still ended up with the same result... junk software.	negative
To free up space, I delete them because I don't use them.	negative
Most mp3 players, if not all, have a voice recording feature that the iPod lacks.	negative
It is noticeable to me that when dialing an "800" number, such as one for an airline, the navigation through the prerecorded menu does not permit the use of number keys.	negative
A terrible company with awful support and a bad product is this.	negative
What I find most disappointing is that a software like that, which isn’t cheap, gets no support from Symantec; if support is needed, they will impose a fee!	negative
Due to the terribly slow service for my brand-new iPod, I had to give you four.	negative
A somewhat picky nature characterizes the voice-dialing system, which is one main drawback.	negative
A month later, after initially stating that all the money would be refunded, they now inform me that the back-up disc is not refundable due to the cost being purely for handling and shipping – $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? Indignant and combative, I have been in emails and on the phone with them.	negative
It is really so loud that it doesn't function terribly well as an option for a silent ringer.	negative
I am glad that I do not work for Norton.	negative
From a cosmetic standpoint, the steel backing is not great as it easily picks up fingerprints and scratches.	negative
Eliminating the need for third-party "asking" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks can be achieved by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that, if looked at wrong, you can literally scratch.	negative
Avoid purchasing any home version of Norton products.	negative
A unique feature of Nokia is the headphone jack, which means that standard headphones will not be compatible.	negative
Spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised that "t-zones would work in 24 hours" since the phone was received, I have.	negative
The default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible, one more thing.	negative
At times, crashes occur in various applications.	negative
Awfully slow is the phone.	negative
When you think about it, it's insulting that customers of Norton are made to jump through these hoops -- anyone providing proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.	negative
After 3 seconds, the picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory, and the menu pops up.	negative
I am very disappointed with this product and with Symantec; however,	negative
Pathetic is the customer support.	negative
Quiet, it is.	negative
No proprietary headset jack exists.	negative
Despite being informed otherwise by nearly a dozen different individuals from both T-Mobile and Nokia, the reality is that using this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices is simply not possible.	negative
Upon first glance, a thought crossed my mind that this phone might be a bit too large for my liking, and perhaps slightly too complicated as well.	negative
Before installing this, it is necessary to remove every single remnant of the previous version of Norton SystemWorks, which is another annoyance with this.	negative
Many other reviews that express the same sentiment can be seen by me . . . . stay away from Norton; they don’t deserve you or anyone! .	negative
When considering the numerous features, two transmission programs, multiple storage devices, dependability, and expandability (downloads via computer), this phone is not easy to out-grow.	negative
No live help is offered at all by their site.	negative
With the silver look, I am bored.	negative
Before proceeding with the installation of Systemworks, you may also need to remove an older version of "Internet Security" if it is installed.	negative
Upon startup, a few components didn’t quite load correctly, but the problem was fixed by a reboot, which was the only issue I encountered.	negative
The following is important for people to know: first, that the interface is slow.	negative
Finally, the day arrived when I was sure that I would leave Sprint.	negative
Many Symantec files also need to be manually removed from the registry by you.	negative
The sound quality is the main problem that I think, however.	negative
Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!	negative
So bad it froze once that I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.	negative
Except for the new updates, all remains the same; other than that.	negative
Sometimes, I find that I cannot connect to the phone via Bluetooth with isync, but I've discovered that rebooting the phone appears to resolve this issue.	negative
Am I a Nokia advocate? Yet this phone, along with the subsequent models (7610), appears to be a desperate attempt to cram as much under-engineered and experimental technology into one poorly designed device.	negative
Warning! The effectiveness of the "remove program" feature in Windows is quite low for this purpose, and the same goes for Norton’s own removal tool.	negative
Who wants to pay $30 to have a discussion about a defect in a product that cost just $95? (Additionally, I purchased the back-up CD.)	negative
Because of my fingers' stubby nature, learning to hit a key without also hitting the adjacent ones took me a while.	negative
Hardly any features exist on the iPod at all, except for games.	negative
Constantly, there were error messages indicating "windows virtual memory low," which were accompanied by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.	negative
It feels like I am back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, despite having had excellent broadband service for the past year and running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory.	negative
Utterly useless is the radio function of the 6610.	negative
Many of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the slow processor) were experienced by me, and accomplishing the removal of the damn thing from my computer was something I couldn't do!	negative
The buttons are my only gripe about the hardware.	negative
Virtually all the same installation problems are present in this product.	negative
Concerning PC software support, some versions of XP are not compatible with Nokia Suite, as I attempted to connect my phone using the infrared port on my laptop.	negative
Only then did I learn the truth -- this phone is not compatible with Palm PDAs!	negative
The batteries aren't user replaceable, also.	negative
In more developed areas of the states, similar service will be provided by the 6600, whereas in more remote areas, it will not perform as well.	negative
Essentially, a bundle of over-hyped features you don't need and won't need (if you do, get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) is what the 6600 is, with none of them functioning as they should, and the ergonomics and basic phone functions being less than average.	negative
For someone like me with big hands, the traditional key arrangement, along with the keys being really close to one another and having unconventional shapes, poses a significant adjustment.	negative
Not only does a lag occur every time a command is given, but it is also not that easily usable on the go, secondly.	negative
The technical service isn't helpful either; they merely read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do so.	negative
I have faced a problem with the internet service, as it provides ineffective access to Mls (real estate broker software) at all.	negative
Evidently, it was clear that a conspiracy existed, as producing a device that has batteries which can be replaced is remarkably simple! . ! .	negative
Every time, those 2 come up.	negative
A considerable amount to spend on a device that will last only 18 months, in my mind, is $299, however.	negative
Not able are they, which is good.	negative
Stuck with T-Mobile for the next 6 months of the contract, I regret my decision to sign up with them.	negative
I doubt that this new design is more durable than the last, though.	negative
Everything became very slow: log off, start up, log on.	negative
There are really no features unless you consider the games to be a feature.	negative
In a matter of seconds, the menu appears by hitting the message button on the front.	negative
Even for my small fingertips, the buttons on the phone are small, but rather quickly, you get used to them.	negative
No camera is the only thing that comes to my mind . . . .	negative
The keys have poor visibility.	negative
Without a recharge in 2 days, it was hardly usable for me!	negative
Avoid getting caught up in T-Mobile's enticing rebate.	negative
A caveat I have is that the quality of the image is not preserved in the manner that the iPod saves the photos.	negative
In order to provide clarity, my review of that product is being modified to be appropriate for this product, as many of the same issues are generally exhibited by them.	negative
In the box, accessories are absent -- an arm strap, a belt strap, a case, or anything would have been nice, but there is nothing. I almost prefer my 3rd gen over a 4th due to the presence of moveable parts -- at a gym, an iPod with moveable parts is easy to damage, making this more suitable for casual listeners. It's important to note that the iPod mini is constructed from titanium and lacks moveable parts.	negative
Although the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads, the keys are close together, but it's not too weird.	negative
I spent hours setting up the stations, which I believe number around 13-14, though the reception remains unpredictable.	negative
As I would like, the battery life is not as good.	negative
Installation problems are serious, first.	negative
If you enjoy mental challenges or figuring out how to pick locks, you should buy this.	negative
The av protection couldn't be turned back on, and the alerts wouldn’t stop.	negative
It seemed that multiple users on one machine never behaved like you’d expect.	negative
When driving a stick shift on the highway, this process can be quite annoying and unsafe.	negative
Terribly scaled are the photos in the address book too; they look as though they were constructed from Legos.	negative
Currently, there are no issues; only a sense of sickly disappointment exists regarding how Norton has abandoned their customers.	negative
To me, the lack of entertaining games on this phone is quite disturbing.	negative
If your system lacks any earlier version of Norton Security or Norton Antivirus, you can expect a smooth installation. On the other hand, prepare for a thorough cleanup of the registry if a prior version is present! Old program remnants can interfere with the new installation, regardless of whether the previous programs were completely uninstalled.	negative
When comparing the iPod, it is my belief that for its price, the Creative Zen is quite good.	positive
The diaper champ is kept in our daughter's nursery, and certainly, dirty diapers do not make her room smell.	positive
To transfer your old phone book to this phone, if you have a previous Nokia, the infrared saves me hours of re-entering my numbers; it is a blessing.	positive
Never have we experienced any problems with loose wipes getting stuck, as they are consistently wrapped in the dirty diaper.	positive
Instant and intuitive was the setup in XP.	positive
Really nice are the earbud headphones.	positive
Great, I think it is.	positive
We lysol the champ every time we change out the bag, and have not encountered any problems.	positive
Quite pleased with my upgrade, I am, on the contrary.	positive
Setting it up is very easy, in addition.	positive
I expected that the images produced by the digital zoom at 12x would be grainy, yet the photos taken at full size and high to fine quality turned out to be quite impressive.	positive
A long life is had by the battery.	positive
Impressed by the power of the Hitachi M12V, I have been, indeed.	positive
Since 1993, I have owned some type of creative audio product and have never needed to call tech support.	positive
Prior to this, a Sony Ericsson T610 was what I owned, and in comparison, the T610 is significantly inferior.	positive
Excellent easy to install software comes with the 4300; I use it on XP and Win98 without any problem, along with a battery charger, USB, and video cable.	positive
Easy is the task of scrolling through the menus; they are laid out in a natural way and make sense.	positive
Initially, I gravitated towards this little gem after a lengthy and extensive journey for a travel-sized camera that is feature-loaded and high performance, due to its superior picture quality of 4 mega pixels.	positive
To the sound department, moving on . . . it delivers ! .	positive
For an enthusiastic amateur photographer, this camera is perfect.	positive
The nomad that I purchase feels and looks like junk to me.	positive
The iPod mini has been in my possession, and it performs comparably to my sound card, but the micro surpasses it entirely.	positive
Great is also working the movie mode.	positive
Very cool looks the device, I think (exactly as the photos promise), comfortable and lightweight it is in my jacket pocket, and after a bit of practice, easy enough to navigate are the interface and controls.	positive
For less, the micro appeared similar to an iPod.	positive
I thought that the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks available to me; however, it is great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, as well as concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and more.	positive
The speaker phone is loved by me.	positive
With 65536 (16bit) colors being utilized, you are ensured your share of animations and icons on your phone.	positive
I enjoy getting used to the touch pad.	positive
Accompanying it is a powerful and sleek headset.	positive
Assign a unique ringtone to each friend.	positive
Pictures in jog format are clicked by me, and due to the presence of a Bluetooth device in the phone, transferring pics back and forth to my PC is found to be extremely easy by me.	positive
The camera on this phone has been something I really enjoyed.	positive
Changing bits is very easy without needing to remove the router from the table, and the shaft lock works great.	positive
Had I to do it over, anything else I wouldn't buy.	positive
The best phone I have seen is this.	positive
The software you get with this camera is perfect.	positive
All information can be sent to a computer without the hassle of USB wires, secondly.	positive
Technologically speaking, this is awesome! Even greater is the speaker! This phone, I love!	positive
As I mentioned, I don’t regret the purchase at all.	positive
Reliability is the winner here for the iPod.	positive
Rock high quality video and pictures!	positive
Because of its size, it is ideal for travel as well.	positive
Given the cost of one of those high-end models, I value the nice table for my good router that I have.	positive
Very simple and straightforward was the process of setting up the e-mail account, I will also mention, although an external smut server is needed to use it.	positive
None of the other pails I have tried have compared positively to the champ.	positive
For two weeks, I’ve had it, and I love the small size of the thing and the blue glow - with no electronic problems at all.	positive
If you need a wireless router, simply acquire a WRT54G to configure it for your very small business or home.	positive
Perfectly, you can be heard by the person on the other end of the call.	positive
This router does exactly what you need for working wirelessly, and my geek friends say that the security is currently as good as it gets.	positive
Navigating through the menus and songs is facilitated by this new click wheel iPod, which features a touch-wheel for scrolling and clickable buttons for selection.	positive
The smell is definitely kept out by it.	positive
My dark blue Zen Micro is something I love and would definitely recommend it.	positive
While I had the phone, good sound quality and an excellent FM phone and earpiece were its positive features.	positive
For those who use Linux and desire a decent camera, along with the need for hands-free Bluetooth device capabilities and/or GR PS, this phone is the one for you.	positive
Significant is the quality, and from saving time and the headache, you’ll be very happy.	positive
Awesome works the setup; closely for its merits I examine the individual tool, instead of just evaluating the company as a whole.	positive
A second one for my router table will be getting, I!	positive
It, I do love! Seriously, it!	positive
An investment that is wise for the pocketbook and the nose! . ! . ! .	positive
Easily accessible are the plunge lock and power switch, which is essential when performing free hand routing.	positive
In Photoshop, the pics can be touched up and printed at 4x6, looking great!	positive
Fully set on getting only a Nokia, I was determined to buy a cellphone, as it is the best among cellphones.	positive
Nice is the design, and also nice are the colors.	positive
Given that the Nikon Coolpix line is well-established, the availability of support and parts is ensured even when Nikon releases a newer model.	positive
Without reservation, I recommend the Nokia 6600 and T-Mobile.	positive
The sound was what impressed me most.	positive
Reset was the network, tried was the connection, and perfectly it’s functioning.	positive
Light and compact, this phone is a nice little device.	positive
Surviving sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch, it is really well made.	positive
I believe that the Nikon 4300 is the best camera available when considering its features and price.	positive
For a table, a great router it is; adjusting the depth precisely with the adjustment knob is easy.	positive
So small it is.	positive
Tomorrow, if I could, I’d trade-up my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro.	positive
In my retail store, I also own this little guy that easily plugs into the aux slot of the sound system.	positive
After replacing my old linksys router with this one, I turned everything on in the right order, and it was running up and with no problems.	positive
The interface is quite excellent and exceptionally simple to use, aside from the inability to delete a file directly from the iPod.	positive
For my great albums, five gigabytes is plenty.	positive
Easy to understand is the manual, and mostly idiot proof it is.	positive
Anticipated as I had been, surprisingly, the battery does not drain as quickly with Bluetooth on; before requiring a complete recharge, typically, I am able to go 1.5 days of making calls while Bluetooth is enabled.	positive
A removable and rechargeable battery it has, so you don’t have to send the thing in when the re! two.	positive
Remember that an operating system called Symbian powers this phone... and it features a rich array of 65k colors.	positive
While it is heavy enough to be stable, it is not so heavy that it hinders hand use.	positive
Three months ago, my zen micro was purchased by me, mainly because I preferred its size and style over the ipod mini.	positive
When the phone seamlessly connected to at&t wireless and various other services outside of the t-mobile service area, it was due to the unavailability of the t-mobile service.	positive
Aside from the rough start, this router has made me very satisfied; it's my fourth product from Linksys.	positive
What I had been missing, I couldn't believe.	positive
In renewing your subscription, the only help you receive for free is!	positive
It's really cool that ringtones can be assigned to people and/or groups.	positive
In settings that are outdoor, the picture quality is indistinguishable from that of 35mm.	positive
Superb is the quality.	positive
No comparison can be made; using the champ is straightforward and free of odor. The genie proved difficult to operate with one hand, which is absolutely necessary when a little one is on a changing pad. Moreover, we noticed a distinct odor coming from the genie. We discovered that the quick tie garbage bags, featuring ties integrated into the bag, perform exceptionally well due to their lack of added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.	positive
The fact that you can edit your mp3 titles, etc., is something I also like.	positive
Having owned this router for over 8 years, I find myself somewhat satisfied with it.	positive
First-rate is the fit and finish of the product.	positive
I don't use the plunge feature since it's in a table, but if I ever need it, I've got it.	positive
The diaper champ is something I love; it is incredibly easy to use, and because you can utilize regular garbage bags, refills do not cost an arm and a leg.	positive
It can be operated with one hand, allowing you to keep a hand on your baby on the changing table.	positive
The battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable for most music players available on the market.	positive
The main advantage of this system, when compared to its predecessor, is the capability to open a wider pipeline between clients.	positive
Making calls to home from other countries can be expensive somewhat, while instant messaging to and from European countries that are covered is quite affordable.	positive
Awesome are the phones.	positive
With the Phillips camcorder pro, around 1 hour of video should be recorded.	positive
The size and shape are things I like.	positive
This product was something I wanted because it didn't require me to buy special bags for it and came highly recommended.	positive
5 is the right price.	positive
Seeing the Hitachi on amazon.com with a $25.00 coupon (at that time), I found it difficult to resist the temptation of giving it a try.	positive
The bluetooth is loved by me; using a wireless abra headset makes it easy.	positive
Easily navigating through the menus, I was in minutes.	positive
This phone has not presented any distortion issues for me, and it brings me more satisfaction than any other phone I have previously used.	positive
Repeating what’s great about this phone is unnecessary for me.	positive
Thanks to the included software bundle, transferring files has never been easier.	positive
Cooler than anything I've used before (pencilings and Maccabees and Norton Antivirus alone) is this product.	positive
Once accustomed to the m12, everything else appeared to be lacking.	positive
The treble is clear, and the bass is deep.	positive
By us, it is still loved!	positive
So much did I like it after using it with my son, who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.	positive
More versatile than the iPod, the formats played by the Zen include MP3, WMA, and WAV.	positive
Awesome, this product is overall.	positive
Amazing are the picture rs.	positive
This phone, I feel, is much less likely to drop compared to others, which are actually beginning to become too small.	positive
Performing well is the auto-focus, but I love the fact that there are 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof and correspond to many situations in which I would actually seek to use the camera.	positive
To both parents of infants and toddlers, I recommend it.	positive
An adapter to plug into the wall is included, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods that require plugging into a computer for charging.	positive
Before downloading any music, I made sure to download any updated software from the creative website after the installation, which was very simple.	positive
It is extremely light, and it disappears in your pocket.	positive
The plusses include the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size, and robustness.	positive
Very sweet, feature for feature, I find this little player; anymore, hardly do I use my home stereo system, equipped with a higher-end headphone system, between this and the larger zen.	positive
- keypad that is well-backlit	positive
While still hanging on to the baby, you can do it one-handed. We prefer using regular trash bags (like with the diaper genie) instead of worrying about buying refills.	positive
For taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all-around fun, a decent camera phone is needed.	positive
This camera is one that I love, and I would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone seeking a high-quality point and shoot camera within the medium price range.	positive
The champ, I knew that I loved, and at a friend's house, using the diaper genie really reinforced that!	positive
I have also heard that the good professional version of Norton from 2004 is something.	positive
A fast and small charging unit, along with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargeable battery, is included.	positive
Should you order from amazon.com, exchanging it for you will pose no problem for them, plus.	positive
High-quality pictures have been received by me every time since I immediately selected the 4300.	positive
Because it is a teri band and utilizes a sim-card, you can use it in Europe and numerous other regions of the world wherever GSM is available.	positive
The lid is flipped easily, causing the diaper to vanish!	positive
Having received the linksys modem (befcmu10), I stacked it with the wrt54g router, and it works fantastic! . ! . ! . !	positive
To utilize your car's FM tuner audio system with Zen, a good FM transmitter (Belkin has one) is needed; my latest discovery is that I connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile system, and it produced clean sound compared to the iPod.	positive
When it was switched on and charged for the first time, I have a black one, and jeez, how cool did the blue light look!	positive
Comfortably, it fits in my hand and pocket.	positive
Along with a 32mb mmc card that is included, there is also a built-in phone memory of 6mb++.	positive
A great alternative was offered by the zen.	positive
Incredibly easy is the software to use, and super fast is the speed of the transfer!	positive
The player can be used to store data files from your computer, which is a good feature to have.	positive
The anti-spam feature appears to be very good so far.	positive
Another one I would buy, great phone.	positive
There have been no issues with the headphones or their fragility.	positive
Files can be sent to the phone via Bluetooth from Linux using the ob ex file transfer service, which offers nice integration into Konqueror through kde-bluetooth.	positive
Nails are as tough.	positive
Quickly and satisfactorily resolved have been all my questions or problems.	positive
The most appealing it was also.	positive
Over the past few years, I have owned several mp3 players, and I must say that this one is by far the best.	positive
With this diaper pail, running out of refills is not something we have to worry about!	positive
A major attribute of the iPod is its ease of use.	positive
At first, playing with these phones was fun due to some of the cool features, such as the speaker phone, the web browser, and of course, the built-in camera.	positive
Although effective, the height adjustment is not without its flaws.	positive
This phone, weighing a little less than 3 oz, is very light and has a long battery life (though not as long as the new polymer technology).	positive
The continuous shot mode, which I love, allows for taking up to 16 pix in rapid succession; it's great for action shots.	positive
Almost without fail, regardless of your taste in music—from relaxation tunes to hard rock, hip hop, Korean and Japanese, Afro-Cuban and salsa, jazz, blues, country, and pop—this feature performs well.	positive
I thought that the easiest thing is setting up the router, and being only 16 . . . so with all that said, buy the router! . ! . ! . ! .	positive
Smaller in size than the iPod mini, it holds more music, with 5GB compared to the iPod mini's 4GB.	positive
Excellent is the design of the col lets, far exceeding any of the craft man (toy/junk) routers that I have previously purchased.	positive
By far, this appears to be the best value out there for the money; when you are undecided, the creative zen micro seems to be the option if you seek the best choice.	positive
Slow to start up initially, but once it is turned on, from me there have never been any complaints about the speed.	positive
The software iTunes, which comes included with the iPod, allows you to play music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and transfer your music from the computer to the iPod.	positive
- a design that is light and compact	positive
By me, a lot of photos were loaded into it, and they display very clearly on such a small screen; also, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next happens instantaneously.	positive
A good chunk of my small mp3 to listen through the speaker phone, I have.	positive
Unlike with Sprint, my calls were loud and clear, first of all.	positive
The problems I have experienced are compensated for by the power, low noise operation, and speed control.	positive
The camera's picture quality and numerous features, which are too many to mention, are indeed unmatched in this price range.	positive
Using the phone is straightforward in true Nokia fashion, and although delicate in appearance, this little device is just as durable as other Nokias I have owned.	positive
Although I was never motivated to delve into the world of cloth diapers, I was truly impressed by how effective it was to keep both the diapers and their associated odor in the pail and out of our lives!	positive
I would highly recommend the m12v router, however!	positive
Unlike other reviewers, I found the support to be responsive, exhibiting almost no wait time on the phone, and it is relatively knowledgeable.	positive
The slim design is something I love; the weight would only pose a problem if it were bulky.	positive
On my Sony Vaio laptop (XP operating system), I had no problems with installation after upgrading both my router and card.	positive
Once you become accustomed to it, using the creative media source is very easy, and the speed of the file transfers is fast.	positive
More fun features are included, such as additional tones, wallpapers, a screen saver, a stop clock, an alarm, and Java applications (like chess, currency converter, etc.).	positive
Despite the Nokia 6610 being somewhat lacking in features, it remains an outstanding piece of hardware for fulfilling its main purpose as a wireless telephone.	positive
Bright is the screen visible.	positive
Beautiful, this player is in conclusion.	positive
Gaining experience with 4 mp provides you future opportunities; due to cost offsets over time, wanting more in a camera, and the fact that it carries Nikon's quality reputation behind it, the whole package, along with 3x optical, proves itself worthwhile at the price.	positive
A very dependable, robust, and useful little camera is the Nikon 4300 overall.	positive
As good as my AK Studio 240, the earbuds are great headphones, well, not quite as good but darn close.	positive
User-friendly and very convenient for scrolling through the menu, etc., the manipulation of this phone is very easy.	positive
Everything you need comes with the iPod package: the AC adaptor, the firewire cable (which is quicker than USB but slower than USB 2, also included), those snazzy and powerful headphones, and of course, the player.	positive
Among the numerous features, the speaker phone, the radio, and the infrared are my favorites.	positive
If you do not possess an enormous music/audio book library, you should find that the 20 GB model has more than sufficient storage capacity, as it is claimed to hold 5000 songs.	positive
I can keep my phone on for about a week (mostly in standby) with regular use for up to three days.	positive
Much better than what you see in the pictures, the phone is excellent.	positive
The company provides good support, and for products in this space, it works as well as can be expected.	positive
None of the installation problems that people highlighted here did I encounter.	positive
It seems that this new zen micro is, at least temporarily, the best on the market, and the main issue now is that.	positive
Great, in my opinion, is the interface.	positive
Great is the sound quality of the phone (turn up the volume if it's too quiet, people, this thing will get loud). Complaints about this phone, I do not have, and from my 8290, the only thing I miss is voice dialing.	positive
Always a favorite, this fourth version of Systemworks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used.	positive
