we keep the dipper champ in our dauter's nursury and her room definitly doos not smell lyke dirrty diipers.	positive
outsde of the t-moble servce arrea the phne seamlesly jumd onto at&t wirless and varous othe servces whre the t-moble servce was unavaiable .	positive
but , then agan , the singer can be so lound that I herd it ringng insid my ofice , when I was alredy out on the strett . . .	positive
the bluw lght also mikes this plyer one of the most fashonable in the markit also .	positive
anyhow , thos softwaro is warking fine and no probles since i instald it too weaks ago .	positive
i 'm not shure wethor this is relted to the chargs cycly of its li-ion battary , the beter firware , or a combynation of both faktors .	positive
prpbably a grea phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bggs .	positive
befor you run oat and buy an ipod , undurstand somthing : ther are reezons the zen is wurth encountring this kind of hasle , principly excellant ( for mp3 ) sownd qualty .	positive
it 's reelly wll made and has surived slidding aross flors and pavment without a scrtch.	positive
theny ussues asied , the ipod is kind of like the sel phone in that wonce you hav one , you cant be withuot one .	positive
whike it didn 't have all the feattures i woud have likd , it was bettr than anything elese i coud find at the time .	positive
evan at the " normel " seting , a 8x10 prent ! . shous not a singel sin of visable rendring or pixles - you culd never tell that the pictur has been takin by a " digtal ".	positive
comas with a 16 mb compact flasj and one rechargable battri the charging unit , inkluded , is fast and smal .	positive
fynding all the albmums , sungs etc is much eezier than you wud think it wud be even iff you hav 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) wurth of musick .	positive
it is smal enough to fitt easily in a coat pokcet or purse.	positive
thos is the fist phne I kno of that has the lerge brigt scren , infrarred , blutooth , usb conecttor and a spikerphne .	positive
the manwal mode is featur ridh and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	positive
the setzup was a brreez , i had some rezervations about a wirless netwrok ( see my reviw for lynksys wet11 ) but this iteam was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	positive
it is nokta and thus easty to acsess the memu optins .	positive
donnloads are a snap and quik.	positive
and alsu , sincce it is teri band and sincce it usess sim-card , you can just use it in eurupe and meny other parts of the world , wherrever gsm exisits .	positive
it 'll mke lyfe a lot eazier , and preclde you frm having to gve ths prduct a negtive revuw .	positive
t-moblie was a pretTy good servEr.	positive
the sofTware inclUded is an easy instAllation and you have the optIon of using the creatIve softWear , windOws media player 10 , or simply windOws explOrer to move music back and forth between your zen tOuch .	positive
grate camerra , grate investmint ! .	positive
the nokia 6600 is a grate fone , gud gams , gud camra .	positive
thats it fer now , wut are you doin stil raeding ths , clik the " ad to cart " buton alrady ! .	positive
it is vry eazy to chnge bts without rmoving the rauter from the tble and the shaft lok woks greta.	positive
the pop up bloker and anti-spam are bounses .	positive
4 . the bild is just rigt .	positive
the darn thang wirks as promisd and it 's amzingli chep too .	positive
thas wone has a colir dispaly , whick i like a lot , beiing very visuel .	positive
you can turm this phoe into a gaimng machiene , a camcodor or a digtal camra , an mp3-playr , a moive viwer , a voic recoder , a persnal secertary , a gmaps map broser , a bok , a multifuncshun reote cntrller , practcly evrythng that you can do with the computr , plus it is a phne ( ! . ! . ) and alzo you can carrit in your poket : ) .	positive
I jyst got an older 866 mhz systom with 512 pc 133 ram and it alzo runs fine on thot.	positive
aftr instaltion , whcih was vrey simpl . . . . i dwnloded any uodated sftware frm the crative webste , befre i dwnloded any msic .	positive
i loke the automatick key lock functon .	positive
usng the sftware itunes is reltively smple , you just pug the usb cble in , waot your machne to dtect the ipod and voilia , any sngs lsted in your itunes libary wil be transferd on oevr to the ipod .	positive
the heaphones have greaat sound and durabillity and mine came with some extrars when i bought it ( a stnad , a belt hook , chager ) that i knoow doesn 't come with evry one .	positive
persoanly , i am very plazed with the daper champ .	positive
I lvoe how smal the thng is, and the blie glwo - I've had it for two weks with no electrnic prolems at all.	positive
I upgreded both my kard and ruter and reely had no probblems with instalation on my sonny vairo laptap ( xp operatin sistem ).	positive
greet phne , i 'd b uy anothr .	positive
the battrery lyfe is les than stellur , but it cherges w/ the quikness .	positive
I had a caxio unjt, whjch had given great servoce, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the ipod's sleek desigj, storage capxcity, connecjion options - firewkre and usb, and its integrxtion with itynes.	positive
has the click weel and the abilty to scan throg thousands of sonds and organizis them grate.	positive
the zen miicro is smoller than it loooks in picturs , and feelds very solud .	positive
oevrall , it 'll make my mone that mush eadier knoing i don 't have to wrry abouit connecctivity .	positive
awl in awl , ths is a wondrful divce .	positive
useng yor own bags is muche cheeper and conveniant.	positive
I waz luking for a fone wich sinced with mac osx using blutoth, had desent bateri lif, cud chek emil, had gud recepton, nise screan sice and was durabl ( I brke oftn brke smal gadgts )	positive
negatve : impassibly tiny and diffficult to oparate , barely visibble , powr buton .	negative
and the battrry lyfe is bqd ! .	negative
1-a cell phona is to make colls , in uther wrds , quality of recephtion and mic/speeker are the most impirtant , the 6600 has a relativly low volum speeker , you 'd have to press it herd aganst your ear to heer anything the uther persn is saying , unless the surroundings were completly quiet .	negative
for last one month my rebato status showing me that my rebato is approvid and chec is delivred but still i am waighting for chec.	negative
especilly the blutooth serbar . . . maening yu hav to restar the phona if yu want blutooth to wurk agan .	negative
thera isn 't moch featurs on the ipod at all , excpt gamas .	negative
afrer yeers with that carier 's expensve plens and horible custumer servise , portablity seemed heven-sent .	negative
almet frm the begnning , livupdate wuld not fnction .	negative
i have excdllent hering but the volumee levek on this phome is espicially qiuet .	negative
im at full capicity ! . ! . ! . ! . i calld syman tic and they said they don 't knwo why but i shuld get tech 's suppot at $35/hr to hel! . ! . i did cal them and was on hold for 55 minets until i hung up ! .	negative
the navgation takes so much time that it wuld eventually drve you cazy.	negative
firt of all , i 've never been bog on earbids - they 're just not that comfotable .	negative
thos prduct has vurtully all the same inztallation probems .	negative
one caveat i have is that i undarstand the ipod does not saev the fotos in such a way that the quality of the imige is presarbde.	negative
the ipod cimes formxtted for the mac , but withon secunds of pluging it into a pc , is automatcally reformxtted for windws . ( the hp version cimes with windws formxtting , and takes secunds to chng to mac . ) although the ipod can be chnged from one formxt to anothr , you will lse al of your music and data when doing so .	negative
symantec shuld give us all a refun and apolgy ! .	negative
basically , i ate the cost of the renwal and ate the cost of the teck halp .	negative
my last simper nokia storted right up and was immdiately ready for uise .	negative
if you xperienxe problms with instalation , you can vvisit symantec 's wwebsite , click the supprt tab , click the 'home or home offce support ' and there is an automted suport assistent that can scann the norton progrm files on your compputer and it wil tell you what is not wrking rght and how to fix it .	negative
apparently, t-moblie is heaviily back-logged and can 't keep up with demaands.	negative
ring tones only come with crazy sngs and annoying rongs, there is only one ring that souns close to a regular ring.	negative
my ipod frezzes occassionally , which is espeshially annoyng when you 're in the midle of a game of " brik . " *	negative
it 's not as styized as a soni or samsong .	negative
it was immediatly noticable that his slos down my comouter ( pent4 , 256 ram ) .	negative
looks and dorability : i rqalize meny peaple are fond of the minmalist whote intreface .	negative
its quiet.	negative
battrey : compard to thw oher plaryers on the maket , the ipod has one of the wurst battryes aroun.	negative
the onli main draqwback is the fact that the voise-dialing sytm is kinda pcki.	negative
sturt up , dig off , dig on . . . everything becama very slow .	negative
I trod disablins the varous compnents provied with this prduct, paring it all the way bak to anti-virus onli servcie . . . and saw no impruvment .	negative
i have a madern pc with lots of spead and memry , but this firewall just broght it to a halt .	negative
so , don 't buy ths or upgade .	negative
unfortonately, it does not give you the optian of installing (or installing) them individially.	negative
finlly , i reitertate my thumds-dwown reting for t-moblie as a cerrier .	negative
t-moblile wasn 't ufpfront abot some of the torms to kwalfy for the rebait .	negative
I fend the lack of entettaining games on thos phona quite disturbing.	negative
naw in octobor , 2004 , the firewoll said i coudn 't ok anymore softwore to use the internet becaus its ful.	negative
avoid thos prodct at all csts.	negative
customeir servuce : awfull . listern to this wun , remembir the batery statemant i made erlier .	negative
aftr a recnt uptate , i can no loner opan mor then 1 broswer windo .	negative
the only priblem that i have founf with the internet servive is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker sofware ) very wel at all .	negative
cons : no am/fm radia tiner -- somethig a large numbur of compettors are doin	negative
the onli downside i have found with this phne is that it is a bit sloo to reech, meening when i push the contakts button, it taks a wile to load, this is tru for almoast all the menues and progrms on the fone.	negative
hewovr , the battri lyf isn 't as gud as i wuld lik .	negative
i w1ll n3ver bUy th3ir pr0duct agian at th1s r4te , and n31ther sh0uld y0u .	negative
norton onlne saport doos not evn aknowledge this probem nor dus the compoter cumpny that preloaded it on our nuw computr.	negative
I am an it proffessional and have yused norton for yeers, but this prodoct is a comlete and utter dud.	negative
yu can 't chinge the battrie , so i don 't knoe what i 'm going to do in a yir or so .	negative
for purpoaes of clraity , here is my revuiew from that prodct , editd to be appropiate for this prodct , sinc , for the most part , they shair many of the sam probems .	negative
the battry powor discharges rapdly especilly on usng the wbb browsr .	negative
afer scowring the various boars i fynd ths is an arbtrary and pervasiv problm .	negative
I reed meny reviws on norton i . s . 2004 from a varietee of sorces ( cnet , amazone , mesage bords ) and came to the conclushun that nis 04 was a terible prodct and not wurth the updat.	negative
its stewl bacing pucks up fingrrprints and scratchez eazily , not grett from a cosmttic standpoynt .	negative
whan I purcase sftware , I nevur want to hav to spand howrs luking up solutians to my instahl problums -- in paticular solutians that invlve manully seting drivur preferncs or edting the regestry ! .	negative
I 've haxd to instxll and uninstxll them fkur or five tymes so far , and i 've not to get eithxr prxduct wxrking prxperly .	negative
also , thier t-zonex , althogh cheep ( $ 4 . 99 / mo . ) nevrr wörks .	negative
I trued it agin thiz mornig and it sed I didn 't hav the requierd " permssions " and lackd proper adminstrater status .	negative
I rilly rigret signing up with t-moble, but I 'm stucj with them for the next 6 montbs of the cntract.	negative
hvever , i am vey disapointed wuth ths prodyct and wuth symatec .	negative
it feels lik i 'm bak to the daze of 56k dial-up internut servise , even though i 'm runing a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memorey and hav had excelen broadband servise for the past yeer .	negative
to insstall that verion you have to uninstal from the windo registri anythng called symantac or noron , . . . also from the comon filess in the program folde the symantc folde has to be delted .	negative
somtimes , varous aplications crash .	negative
anodher thng you shoukd knpw, the metzl on the flkp side of the ipod is very ticky, and scratcjes very eaisily.	negative
norton sapport is compeletly pathectic .	negative
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet securrity and antiviruz .	negative
but thos 2 cime up evry timo .	negative
I alrady kno somthing was wrng, becaus mouch of the spom I've sen in the past sxis month was frm resellars of nortin prodcts.	negative
I had muth of the same probems that evryone else has listd ( manly the slow procesor ) , and then I coudn't get the darn thung off my compiter completly ! .	negative
if you colp aplle and tell them your ipod has bean damiged , they churge you roughly $105 . 50 per minit and blaim you for " abusiing " your ipod .	negative
appl's ipod battry replasement servcees costs $140 ! .	negative
but if I insttald eithir one of thos norton prodcts, neithor werks after insttlation?	negative
I simply hate Symantic. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that sofwate out of my competer with my bear, bleeding hands, I wuld have.	negative
the uthar annoynce with thos that you have to remuve evry singel remnant of prevous vershun of norton sistemwoks befor you instals this.	negative
one mor thng , the defaut ringtones tht come witg the phobe are horible .	negative
firt , it searious , searious instalation problams .	negative
and i can 't wArn yu enOugh to stAy Awag frOm nOrton ! . ! .	negative
hily caw ! . it rreally doss scrach eassily ! .	negative
but , i am quire unhapy with nokia at the momont .	negative
- no voxce activeted dyling ( what were they thonking	negative
if you are already using a previous version of norton security and uninstalled it to install the new vershon, you will still have all kind of probems in installing the new versiion on your sytem ! .	negative
a lot of " fragmnts " were lefr in the regstry , and it the norton systm foldars .	negative
the menue optons apeear one at a time , taking up the whole screan , and one has to scrole down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menue oder , to selct them by using the numbr keypade .	negative
is it neccessary to scan my ms mony databse when i close the progam ?	negative
ultimately you wil larn just how bqd nokiz is , and why their recent losz of market shere is so utterly deservd .	negative
it has an equazizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot mor pressts than the ipod .	negative
one downsde : as of ths writng , t-moble has n 't updatd their t-zone systm to fully suport the 6610 .	negative
but this doesn 't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings , the biggest of which is the inability to download any udates due to probelms with liveupdate .	negative
In my opinon the wurst ussue on this phome is the sid-mountd volum controll.	negative
2 ) phome is awfully sloe .	negative
i did it and it was worser the second time arond . . . unbeleivable .	negative
it 's impirtant thqt peoplr knpw the fllowing : frist , the inturface is slpw .	negative
the onli problam is the siye of the keis .	negative
I havd nevr had thos problam witg any othe softwre on my computr.	negative
the keays are clode together , and the leayout is a bit funky in ralation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weard .	negative
i fanally got a free supprt numbar for nortan through my usp supprt stff, but waited an hour or moor for a voise.	negative
i canot fynd a cariar for this phne i loke, end up just tossing it in my purs.	negative
ther is no wae yu can talk with costumer care abot this.	negative
my onky compaint ( reelly more of an obseervation ) is that the outdide finish of the ipod is rathur delikate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it dosn 't get all skratched up .	negative
thogh neary a doze diffrent peple at both t-moblie and nokia hav told me otherwize, it is simplly not possibl to use this phne as a bluetooh modum for the vast majory of pdas and meny other devces.	negative
just the home vrsion of norton internit/av has too many glithces and probelms to even remotaly borther with.	negative
it alsa has a stocj tracking app bulit in ( alsa usless ) and a somwhow usefull apliction which convrts all typos of metrcs ( currncy , lngth , ares , etc ) .	negative
buttins do seem a littel stiky tho . . and the handz free kitts ' connektor mighht bee a problum . .	negative
the bggest proplem is the instllation.	negative
whet disappoonts me the mest that a softwore like thot is not cheep gets zero suport form symantech, if you wont suport, they 'll churge you a fee ! .	negative
thos prduct is absoolutely not raedy for relase .	negative
the next prolem was that it didn 't recognze all the instaled compnents , so it wuld not updat them , most notebaly and importantly , viurus definitons .	negative
the volum key can be herd to press , but i think this may be by desgin rather than a flaw , perhaps to kepp you from pressing it accidntaly when you are in a cal.	negative
namely , it woudnt sync .	negative
no probems now , just a sickly disappontment in the way nortn has abandoed their custmers .	negative
I have fount too many b0gs in norton internet securty professinol to recomend it to any one without extreeem patienc and experince.	negative
seems the " profram skan " featur did not find the exe fle for outlok ! .	negative
also if you do managa to get it instaled , any proplems with liveupdte or with systm wroks will also afefct the functonality and/or the procss of updatng internet secuity .	negative
- some fetures in the uzer interfece	negative
al5o , the b@ttery5 aren 't u53r r3plac3abl3 .	negative
it wus a symantec errir.	negative
we conctantly got " windws virtal memorey low " eror messsages popping up follwed by ridicoulus slowdons and/or crasches .	negative
durrng instoll , nis wuld eithor freaze or not rebooot proply wen asked to do so .	negative
*	negative
b0ying s0ftw4re th4t c4n nt be 1nst4lled n0rmally 4nd b3ing put into th3 p0sition of h4ving 4 n0n-w0rking c0mpu7er .	negative
4- my idear was that it was an all-in-wan , and that thory -once agin- proves rong , this fone ex sells at nothing , les than avg in evrything , if you serously need any of the " othur than fone " functonalists , you 'll be dissapointed . . . . if you have lots of muney and baught it for the luv of gadgits then fine . . . . but don 't expect to get much dun .	negative
whan you cinsider expanbility ( dounloads via compyter ), the numeorus featuris , two transmishun progams and multipul storrage devyces , dependibility - this is a phne that isnt eazy to out-gropw .	negative
our norton internat/av 2004 was turrible right frm the get go , so i 'd thnk that if steelwrks is ok now , it shuld reman ok .	negative
I 'm an advacate of nokia, but this phona and the folowing moddels ( 7610 ) , are semingly a deperete trial at sqeezing as moch undeer-engineered and experimantal technoligies in one slopy phona.	negative
ther wull be moch erasing of tezt as , one wuld tend to tipe somthing insted of the actuall litters .	negative
i gove it 4-stars onky becausw the instalation process - or rather probkems that may surface during the instalation proceess - can be frustraiting to the average computar user .	negative
onkly if we culd get one camaera in it . .	negative
3 no voyce reccorder -- this haz alzo becime an impotant and popukar featur that the ipod unfortuantely doesn 't hav.	negative
a bit disappont on that ! .	negative
if you have no prevous versin of norton securty on your sistem , or norton antivrus , the instllation will go fine , otherwize dig in and in to do a major regstry cleen up ! . the old progs will leev a trace that will mess up the nu installation , even if you uninstalld the old prograams perfecly .	negative
4 ) buttoms are quite smal and is reely a pan exp if one is fond of text mesaging .	negative
*the ipod is overly sensetive to just abut evrything and gets skratched eaisly.*	negative
- no propriety headset jock	negative
and , when you thonk abut it , it 's insulthing that nortun requiers its custmers to jmp through these hoops -- anyone who can provde proof of purchese , wheter on the fone or onlne ( what if yur computer is dwn ? . ) , shoud hav equal pririty .	negative
only one coaplaint abount the speekerphone , you can onley actavate the speekerphone featur once the person you are calling ansers the fone , not while it is ringng .	negative
t610 sapports only midi files.	negative
whiLe i was trYing to pLay half Life 2 it started pOpping up with " aLerts " every twenty seconds ( liTerally ) , warning me my antivirus proTection was oFF .	negative
ther technical servce isn 't helplful eithar ; . they jast raed what 's on thair webste and chare you $50 ( + toll feez ) to do it .	negative
whn I fnally gt it wrkng, it only wrked prperly for manny a mnth.	negative
the biggast red flaq for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively knew , it was riddled with sratches .	negative
I sAe many uther revieews that sAy the samE . . . . stey awy from nOrten , they don 't dEsErve yOu , or anyOne ! .	negative
i 'm gving it 1 star becuase as cmpared to oher nokia phons , its a 1 , cmpared to oher blunders by oher cmpnies ( such a samsng and motola ) it migt be good . . . . but if yor gtting a nokia , don 't get this onne .	negative
in shrt - nokia themslves don 't kno that this phne doesn 't wrk with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advce you wil spend hurs with techncians arond the globe reding from scripts , chiding you in brokn engish for not follwing their dirctions exctly .	negative
then , my ad/pop-up bloking was complitely gon .	negative
tey really are awfully smal.	negative
regarding pc saftware supprt nokia suite dosent wrk with sme vversions of xp as i tryed to conect my fone via infared port on my labtop.	negative
poor visivility on the kayss.	negative
doesn't hve alot of ggod gamess on it .	negative
of ccourse , if yu try to reeach symantec custome service yu get usless automted systms unless yu want to paay $30 per incdent .	negative
I have red the insalllation instrucitons for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to instllation, but still ended up with the same rrsult... junk sofwre.	negative
the 6610 has the rqdio function whuch is utterly uselss .	negative
I 've alwayz likd symantec produts , exsept fer thiz vershun 2004 .	negative
don 't uze them , so i delate them for addle spase .	negative
the vibratoin is not top.	negative
as a wimdows user , i had to insatl the softwaer incluiding drivrs and itunes on my desktp , and this is the onli aera whre i encountred a nuasance .	negative
howevor , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a devica that will only last 18 months .	negative
ther sote offars no live halp at oll .	negative
my onLy gripe abaut the herdware is the buttuns .	negative
one otheh isue is that the headphne juck is unque to nokia , so standrd headphons wil not wrok .	negative
the back of the ipod is in a chrome finish , and this surfice is prone to scrathes .	negative
thos vesion of inetnet secutity 2004 , is beyound hopw .	negative
whem taling the vois is not vry cleer.	negative
the onli promblem i had was a few compnents didn 't quite lood corectly upon startp, but a reebot fiexed the promlem .	negative
gamuq kind of stank and you cant dowload them you have to get the link cabl to get aditional gmes.	negative
the volyume .	negative
thera is absolutley nithing usfel at the symantec/norton sitre .	negative
i assumd they had excptional service , but their receptin in my ares ( laos angele's ) is horendous .	negative
norton has been on a downhil slid recntly with their prducts , but with this one , they have falen off the cliff .	negative
the bxttery issue is superficially a concdrn , but any rrasnable soldxr-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can ppp in a new one when the tume comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go oogle for 'ipod battery raplacement ' ) .	negative
i waz uzing a motorola t720o with verizpn and i had alot of droppd cals and i had trubles synching data.	negative
norton internet secirity 2004 is one of the mor buggy implimantations.	negative
the onli proplem I had was a smal glitch wih t-moble.	negative
so i e-mailed the online tech spport with that simple qyestion, and got a repley which was totally unresponsve ( it looked as though they didn 't actually reed the e-mail and just sent back a few boilterplate paraagraphs ).	negative
thys phne is not syuitable for fast peple, maybe onely for old peeple.	negative
5 ) vidio reocrder is of no use and one can not recird something usefull in 10 seonds and it taks a wile to send the same threw the " free pictur and vidyo messagging " ofered by servce providar .	negative
afrer 4 attemted installs , i have finaly gven up .	negative
but i had to gve you four becauze the servce for my brand-new ipod was terribol slow .	negative
i am borked with the slivyrk look .	negative
I am an advancd comuter uer , so I can not even imaine how a new or novce uer wold ever get this terible progrm to wrk ! .	negative
evn tho0ugh I have the parental c0ntrols of, it c0nstantly starts updting them then frezzez my computar.	negative
warNing ! . the windOws " remOve proGram " feAtUre does not do a gooD jOb of thIs , and neIther does nortOn 's own remOval proGram .	negative
the pone has a few minor inconviniences , but only becuase it lacks those featuers , blutooth and hgh spend internet , but there are very few probems with things that you xpected this pone to do .	negative
once agan it wount reinsall , even with onlin and email assitance from symantct technitcians .	negative
bey ths if yu lyk mentl chllnges or tring how to pck lcks.	negative
it wuld not hange up on calss.	negative
the screen is eaisly scratcged but if you have the warantty you shouled be abkle to swapp it out .	negative
i am givving a zeero starr to symantoc for this vershun ! .	negative
then when i went to norton's wibsite to obtane a pririty id numbur per the instrucshuns i had bean given, i couldn't fynd a way to git one.	negative
ther are some featurres in the user interfface that I find a litttle inconvenient.	negative
thos tume , it storted the instalation prcoss , then i left for wrok . i thonk it wil wkr . i hop it wil wrk .	negative
the best theng to do with this version , is to leev it on the store shelf . it doesn 't werk , and wil cost you an enormus amout of your time , not to mentshun your hard ernd dollers .	negative
I fand thos featur on thos phona usless , bot , sinc I don 't reely ned thos functian enyway , I don 't reely yuse it .	negative
the more suttke tonas thot war inclooded with the fone are hrd to heer at tymes .	negative
shure they say if it 's their falt you woont get charged , butt they are the ones who get too deside wether it 's their falt .	negative
pc cabl is too expensiv . . . $ 50 for a usb cabl ? .	negative
this prgram wold not let me sned outlook emial or listen to audbile sampl boks onlin .	negative
the menue plops up aftee 3 secunds the pictur takes a whil to lood from its slow card memmory.	negative
it locet during install and i had to reformat the druve and start from scratch ( greer ! . )	negative
afrer telling the rep and his tec supprviser the problm the only answr was to uninstal the prgram ( which i had allredy don ) . . .	negative
this phne doesn 't inclde phne card clling .	negative
boothing up my camputer took foriver ! . ! . ! .	negative
so far I havn't had so much complaents exxept that I stll havn't mastred how to skandisk when usng internat secirity.	negative
i could hardly uae it wihout a rechage in 2 dazs ! .	negative
we can start by loosing the shiny mircale-materiel cover that you can litarally scratch just by looking at it rong , and thus eliminate the nead for third-party " askin " protective covers for an extra therty bucks .	negative
ther is no poto viwing optoin , however , thare is a 20 gb foto ipod , but it cots $20 mor .	negative
i must hqve heqrd this qbout q dozen timaq over the spqn of 2 wqeeks , when t-zones nevwr wqrked .	negative
i hsd a questoin abount the pros and cons of turming off the norton firwall vs . the windos firwall , and waoted 45 minites to speek with a tech suupport reprasentitive becaus i did not hav a " custmer prioroty id numbr . "	negative
i 'm probablly the onli persson that dislkes the ituness ssoftware .	negative
basically the 6600 is a bungle of over-hyped feactures you don 't and won 't knead ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basoc phone functions and ergnomics are less than avearge .	negative
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work thru t-moblie 's servics , becuse they hav delted the menue optins that wuld eneble you to configur the phne to be used on a diferent netwrik .	negative
i had triod to uninstal norton internet secirity a few weeks ago , and it woudn't let me do that eithar .	negative
2- it is bulgy and the smal buttins on the sids are slopy to use .	negative
amung its weka points is the mmc slat locatin and a bit vegue desing.	negative
sometimew whne yu pres buttoons , the menue apperaas aftr a secind or towo .	negative
it alzo doezn 't havv voicze actuvated dailing . big minuz ! . ! .	negative
I maen , thery 're shorrt ! .	negative
aggain , evry reviev writen abot the tech lin is tru . . . aftr waitng clos to 45 minets i finaly spok to a rep .	negative
just don 't get drwn intp t-moblie 's catcjy rebte .	negative
hwever , the colls constanly drp in my aera and i experince mega-staic , to the pint wher i 'd hav to dial numbrs 6-7 tims to get a cleer lin .	negative
fannaly , aftear aboot a wek 's yuse , thw screan strarted to freze on mee .	negative
if you currntly own the 2033 vesion , and are loking to uprgade to the 2044 vesion , don 't .	negative
I wll say tht the os that the phne runs dos hve a fw issues.	negative
the phtos in the adrees bok are teribly sclaed too ; . they look as though they were bult out of leogs .	negative
howevr , symantoc has taken a signifcant turn for the worss with this relase .	negative
thay sed thay wud refound all the muny, but a munth later, thay tel me now the bak-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purly handlin and shippin - $15 to "hundle" and shipp a cd? -- and thay have been indignant and combative on the phne and in emals.	negative
the menu optons are uncreatve , as you can 't see a fuls scrren of menue items to pck from ; . you have to scrol up and down to find what you 're lokking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're tring to kepp your eye on the road ! . ) .	negative
ther are sime higs to the 2044 editiom , but mostly lows .	negative
naw tht bad : 1 ) as usal , batteri powr not sufficint for daiily usge .	negative
secndly , in adtion to the lag eah tme you gve a cmmand , it 's jst not that esly usble on the go .	negative
muktiple uzers on one machene nevur semed to behav like you 'd exspect.	negative
sine I recived the fone, I spent countles hurs on the fone with custumer servise reps who promissed t-zones wuld werk "in 24 hors".	negative
their netwrok cuverge is very sporatic , and the netwrok alwasy sems olverloaded , reslting in very unpleasnt calling experince .	negative
the battrery lyfe can 't be very llong ; . let 's not be gready .	negative
firsd , it feiled whenever conncting to get updats .	negative
my old sonny ericsson t610 has thos featur.	negative
althog i disebled norton antispeam , it is stil thare .	negative
aftar 10 yers , i now dowloaded mccafee 's prodct afte calling their supprt . . . . they answred quikly , and for fre , and wer very helplful .	negative
othr thngs that i msis are voic-activated dieling and a stadard 2 . 5 mm heasdt jcak .	negative
afer sevral yars of tortur in teh hands of at&t custmer servce i am delited to drap them , and luk forward to augst 2004 wen i wil convrt our oter 3 famly-pones from at&t to t-moble ! .	negative
the bcklit on the phne goes off way too qickly ( dangrous when you 're drriving at nite ) , and ther 's no way to chnge this --	negative
thes is onli a probelm at niht , durng the dey the screan is veri eazy to see .	negative
I dowloaded ths set from norton, and within minits my inetnet connecion faild and my pc was almoast ded due to regestry problums from the dowload.	negative
yeah - this prugram pritects your computar all right - by locking you off the intrnet .	negative
the " movied " last about 5 secinds .	negative
at ferst glnce , i thoght thos phne was a litle too big for me , mayb a litle too complicaed .	negative
the prigram brigns more probelms than a viris , albet not as major probelms , just not what you expct for 70 bucks .	negative
long reboots due to norton taking forevr to boot.	negative
nexx , teh big resson not to buy any nortin prodct : if thare 's a probelm with it , norton chages $30 to eevn tell them abot it .	negative
I am glod that I do not wprk for norten.	negative
if yuo are nuw to the marlet and looking to bui a symantoc softwre product , save yorself some muny and bui the 2003 versun .	negative
you alsa neesd to go in and manully remove many symantac filds from the registy .	negative
nokia was my frst non flip phne , and i 'm glsd i decidd to gow with them .	positive
not onley is it mutch more cost efectiv ( you can use reglar trash bags rathar than refils at $5 a pop ) , it is eazier to yuse and cleen , and has a largar capacitiy .	positive
whlie thsi phne obviuosly dosn't hve the sme qality cnstrcution as motrla dos , the nokia 6600 is one of the beeter phons i've usde .	positive
4 . plzy n-gage gemes on it .	positive
the bult in fm radio is execllent for peaple travling by publc transport.	positive
updait i kneew that i luved the chomp , and usin the diapar genie at a frind 's hause reely reenforcd that ! .	positive
I have had the ipod mni and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro bats it outright.	positive
phtos are pritty darned goof ! .	positive
wqich is really nize becauze you can get prety muuch any pice of musjc in midi formzt for frew on the net.	positive
the pleyar luoks greit , feals greit , and sownds greit .	positive
I hav transferrd in abaut 2, 500 traks so fr - very eazy to yuse both the ipod and ituns.	positive
the card basicaally instaled itself and the " instlal wizrad " on the cd that came with the router basicaally set the router up to wrk with one computar ( with the 54g kard ) and also a secind computar in my hous ( with an 11b kard ) .	positive
i eended up buiyng one for upstares and one for downstais becase it wrks so weel and becaus i chage him so oftern downstais.	positive
the spaker fone is very functonal and i yse it in the car , very audible even with freeway noize .	positive
and the phne has a vry cool featur whch alows you to snd images via a norml pop3/smtp e-mail acocunt .	positive
I hve no probems wth the touh pad ( once the sensetivity is set to low ) and the interace is a breeze to use without even loking at the pdf manul.	positive
i mast hav gatten a good wone.	positive
its cmpagt and has rouned edgjes .	positive
battiry lif is guud , altho i reccomdend too recharchable , or a alkelin bckup , for thoes emergncy piks yu hav to hav .	positive
we use reggular kitchin sized garbige bags.	positive
the dispaly and brighness on this phne is quite extrordinary .	positive
ovrall , if you knoe what basik steops to take , it was not difucult to connct , and the s/w wored well to connecct .	positive
the rintones inclded are awsome , and did i mentio they were polyphnic ? .	positive
the mivie mode is alsi wprking great .	positive
a nikon wilk make ypu happer and leav you lots of good memores , as alwasy .	positive
it has greit incredibilty .	positive
right out of the boox , i lvoed it , bettre feautres than the ipod , graet sound qality and no limatations on what musci sorces i can use .	positive
it 's a highly rarted , kick ass firewall program that 's bungled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental contrul ) that make this secutiry suite a must-have for peple who have broadband internet acces.	positive
it 's shortr , sleeker , mor compact and fits comfrtably in my smal hand than the ipod . . . my nokia sell fone towr over this bad boy ! .	positive
nokla makes grewt phons , and thys won is the cream of the crop .	positive
a decent peice of hardwre with graet spead ( I get the same speds as with my comp conneted directly to the modom ) and gud signal qulity .	positive
their prodacts have been grat and have savid my bcon on numrous occassions.	positive
tha sounf is very nife .	positive
perhpas semantinc coud wrk owt the eficiancy a litel , but these revieews are hightly exagerated . . . i wuld ask whaat elese these peeple are runing on thier computrs ( ? . )	positive
the nikon coolpix 4300 is w0nderfu1 -- e4sy to u53 , high qu4lity , and c0mpac7 in s1ze .	positive
I hoked the lynksys wirless routar up to a brodband connction which is runing at a maximu of 700 pluss kilobytes on the dowload e ! .	positive
the battrery has a long lyfe.	positive
the 6600 ( t-moble ) is the true 'world phone ' in that it has the mhz to operate around the glob, including new zealnd and ausralia ( 900 ) whereas the 6620 ( avaiable from sinqular ) replaces it w/ 800mhz ( some refer to as 850 ) .	positive
tha sftware woth tha ipod inclodes ituns, whuch alows you to pla the musc on yoir computar, rip cds onto yoir computar, and move yoir musc from tha computar to tha ipod.	positive
grate camra , and for the prce you can 't beet it .	positive
the chmp wrks greqt .	positive
howevr , the battry lyfe is gud enugh yu shuld n 't be overly concarned with trning this fone off .	positive
whetter you are usung disposible or cloth dipers , this is the truely the onlee daper pail to get ! .	positive
it l00ks sleek and m0dernz	positive
instalation wuz as neir automatick as can bee.	positive
smoller syze, 1 gb of mor spase, rado, voise recarding, removble battary, color luk, al in wun.	positive
aniwhare I went in south afrika ths phona recived ful bar receptshun.	positive
reeely hapy witt ths litle cemra .	positive
it 's recharchable and supposidly eazy to replase though i haven 't had to do it yet of corse .	positive
I like some locak ststions, stern, and nqp, and so the radio seamed like a great optin.	positive
yu won 't nead to updait your firrewall and antivrus sepratly or instoll two discks.	positive
- outstanding sinnal rexeption	positive
hogh qhality vedio and pectures rick ! .	positive
tha 6600 has mor amenities than most - wrld phono , camara ( vga/zoon/nite mode/timer ) , vedio ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speeker ( gud sound ) , blutooth , infrarred , modem for computors , electonic walet , internet acces , calender , calcultor , convrter and mor .	positive
the phne itself is prtty nce .	positive
but it is smoooth , it is poweful , it is afforrdable & it has a prooven track reccord .	positive
thiz unot coms wit the usb/firewre cabl as a standart item now .	positive
greet phone . . .	positive
the radyo wrks excellent in my aree, i 'm not shure evrywhare else.	positive
I nevur get draped calls.	positive
at warks as well as can be expeccted for prodcts in this spce and the compny backs it up with good suupport .	positive
- loks sleek , compakt , has a radio .	positive
i must add to the dismay/delight of raeders this phane is simpy the most groundbreaking phona mankind has ever hld.	positive
the radio and voive recodng are nisce .	positive
it is a bit diffficult to get the unti open ( the advuice to take it slowly is sound ) , but now that our son is wlkking and exploring , i consider this a negtive atttibute ! .	positive
and we defanitely prefer our champ! .	positive
it offefs wsy more feztures than i nead but the ones i uze werk well .	positive
i fianlly dicided to purchease this plyer becasue it was compatibul with napster 2 go . . . . whcih is a subscripton servce , alowwing me to dowload as much musci as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .	positive
wuth all its complicatd featurres , the menues are eazy accesible and the quality of the featurres is grate .	positive
i rarly get drwn in by mass-commericalism , but somthing about the ipod made me say , in the words of lou and andy , " i wnat that won ! . " i was wlling to shell out	positive
I noteced that the micro adjuxtment knob and collet are weel maded and wurk well too.	positive
you can adjuat the volyme to be herd anwhere or so that it dus n 't make that big of a distubance .	positive
tha totel prce with delivry ( free shippng ) was $135 ! .	positive
the duwl anteenna is a plus and the dezign is slick.	positive
uploding the imges to my windos-based pc is vey fast and smple.	positive
i boughy this slick phane and i am very happee with it .	positive
my frends were impressd with the qualty of the picturs i took ! .	positive
afrer usng it , i fount the siza to be perfct for carrying in a pockwt .	positive
I 've yet to find the limjtation for this hitachi ( my only hitachy tool , by the way ) and quite frnkly , i don 't knwo that i have the msucle to pish this maching any hsrder .	positive
iven wih that , i hightly recomnend this rputer - outstandng perforer .	positive
remembor, thos phona usis an operatin sistum - simbian . . . and it 's featur-rich w/ 65k colurs .	positive
if you neec a wirless rrouter . . . . get it get it get it . . . . wrks relly gud . . . .	positive
the base was deaper and the higs were crisper.	positive
it 's eazy to use , and yet very featur rick .	positive
6 ) the pbone is really wyde , which sems to be a turnoff for meny peple , but the pbone is actuely eazier to grip and feel mor ergonomic .	positive
believe me wen I sai this I hav used and fingerd al nokia fones and the 6600 has the best keypad.	positive
the plusses are the featurres , lokk , gud sigal and battrery lyfe , memmory syze and robstnes .	positive
eich bxttery lats abaut 10-12 houts .	positive
I uograded from nis 2003, and the chnage in performnce has not be noticeable.	positive
one of my favrite featurres abot the plater is its abillity to sync to windws media plater.	positive
the ranga is terrrific , i am usng ths for my hme and i was transfrring at 50+mbs frm my bckyard .	positive
I loded a lot of potos into it and they dispay very cleerly for such a smal screen and , very impurtantly , the tranzition from one poto to the next is instintaneous .	positive
her's the brif synopsys : the fone is tinny , qute , feals kind of " plastick-like " ( as if it might brack ) , but seams prity sturddy .	positive
warks perpectly woth my netgear wirless paramedia.	positive
I reelly likd the prce . . .	positive
cxlors : 10 vrriety of hot cxlors mad it diffkcult to chxoose from .	positive
get great thames and walpaperz for this fone and meny meny polyfonik rongs.	positive
afteer instlation , which waz very simpule . . . . i dowloaded enny updats softwrae from the cretiv wibsite , befor i dowloaded enny musci .	positive
all of the wirless componets that i bought were a breez to set up as well.	positive
but that is good for me becuse symantec sote wares are a bit herd to mester for me who are not savy on competers .	positive
ovrall , thos prodoct is awsome .	positive
on a week of yuse i 've eever had to rebboot the routir .	positive
there sem to be feewer collisons and drpped packets as i reed from the routar logs than with my old dlink routar .	positive
thas phne has the best battry , it lastz longer then my old 3210	positive
the auto-focus performe well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .	positive
othe than that it maets or surpases all of my neads and surely won 't disapoint any already establised nokia phone fans .	positive
pros : - excellemt sound , even with the headfons that come out of the boox , but it abssolutly roked with my bose quiet comforrt 2 set .	positive
beong a very econamical parson , i appriciate the fact that any plastoc bag can be used with ths systm- i nevur did like the propect of buyng specal dieper genie refills .	positive
the rexeption and sound quzlity are top-notch.	positive
thos is a grat prduct ! .	positive
the claarity is unbeliavble , which meens you can cram almost the ful 2 , 5 ! .	positive
flawlesss	positive
it 's chaper , hplds more sngs and is smller .	positive
the spot start is nicley .	positive
when i openned the boox , i was shoked by the siza of this thang . . . it 's teeny ! .	positive
I can use it as a modum for my computar, conect with clints and frends, the posibilities are endles.	positive
it 's sze alzo mskes it idial for trabel .	positive
tha main advntage of thys system ovr its predecssor is tha abilty to opan a wider pipelin betwen clents.	positive
i am xxtremly satusfied wth this camra .	positive
yoa actully can tawk to a reel person for sapport in undar an hour ! . ) .	positive
whilw it didn 't hav all the featurws i wuld have likd , it was bettar than anythng els i coud find at the timw .	positive
so far i have no cimplaints with this plyer.	positive
whie i leke the performnce of the phne in evry reguard, i wold bye anothr one soleli upon the apparnt indistructibilty of it.	positive
it looks nise and sleak and the blue backgroud lighy looks awsome against the blak .	positive
my favrite fatures , althog thare are meny , are the speker fone , the raido and the infrarred .	positive
when i truned the phoe on , the frst thng that hit me is how gd the screan is .	positive
it 's a bit pricy to call home from othere c0untries but the instand messagng to and from coverd cuntries in europ are quite resonable .	positive
frm the inernet , woodwrking boks , locl stors and persnal opnions the hitachi m12v 3-1/4 hp ruter time and time agn cme up to be the ruter of choce or best for its prce .	positive
I have reelly enjiyed the camara on this phobe.	positive
also , wih one clik you can halp train yor spam kiler .	positive
upsipe : thos one , like mest nokias , reeves a constently strung sigmal ( i 've triad some sambsung and soni ericsson modals whixh wer very waak on the receptoon front ) .	positive
3 it is very compect but the contorls are so well desined that they 're still eacy to use .	positive
all you haf to do is clink one butten on the router configurashun windo and the router automatcally senses the devises and configurs the netwrk.	positive
the use of 64536 ( 16bit ) colord ensures you get your chare of anomations and icoms on your pbone	positive
it is a perfct phne in such a smal and appealing pacage.	positive
on the auto moby it funktshons basically as a paint and click, the sceno modos are very eazy to use and prodooce good resukts.	positive
the battrry lufe on this phne is surreel.	positive
i got thsi camra abot a munth ago and i can 't put it dowm .	positive
my opion is consentrate on whaat you knead now , this prodct has excillent ragne , hholds a teddie conection , has sent evven droppd one and i have it for mor than a munth now .	positive
I am enjoing my phne a lot . . . .	positive
the battry lif is les than stelar , but it chargis w/ the qickness .	positive
they were easty to setupp with plinty of powar to hog throug anything i have encontered.	positive
3 . the nokia 6600 has a brilliat java inteface .	positive
it sits in the corber of our bathroomb and we have neber had any porblems with oders at all ( and we live in the damp and humid suth , where oders of all kinds are generlly rife ) .	positive
it 's eaxy to use ( just a flip of the lid , and the dipper is gone ! . ) .	positive
firsf of all, the phine housws a greeat deal of memoty for mulfiple vidios, sound clops, photes, txts, etc.	positive
thos radio reccives fairly dicent rexeption but knot nerly as good as a normol radio , but as long as the stotons are coming in cleerly the phine 's radio shold wrk perfictly .	positive
the hitachi is made in malaysia , and looked cheap compared with the makita , which is made in the ussa .	positive
whiie the perfect odour free diape pail has yet to be invvented, the diape champ is a good as it gets.	positive
the manul mde is featur rich and i can 't waint to get the hane of it .	positive
I 've owned ths rautir for over 8 yers and am somwhat satisfid with it .	positive
i got it wroking fast enogh .	positive
the woid can be pused thru fast or slpw with litle bogg.	positive
it is vry lght wght and has a god sinel strenth .	positive
in shart , the nokia 6600 is an evlution but not a revo1ution .	positive
cleer the caall logs wonc in a whyle to spead up the phne peeple ! . ! . ! .	positive
i 'd gove it 4 . 5 stares if possibul , but sinze 5 stares wuld be misleeding , i gieve it 4 stares .	positive
evrything , so fir , has wirked flalessly .	positive
depandability : i 've seen no glitches .	positive
their custumer servuce agnts are alwayz prompt and polite and my servce is teriffic .	positive
veri col fetures . . . grate camra wif zoom . . . kul qualiti picturs . . . grate rintons . . . bluetoth featur iz grate . . . .	positive
thase inclde : mp3 , wave , wma , wma pro , and wma los less ; . it is very user-friendly simply by rght-clicking the file ( s ) to be convrted .	positive
hoever, thare is a mor detaled pdf manul on the sd ( and olnie ) that shuld anser any qestions about the operatinal featurz of the zen miicro.	positive
it is sleow to initally strt up , but wonce it 's tured on , i 've nevrr had any complaints about the spead .	positive
sinc thn , i hav not fount one major probelm with it .	positive
whi botter wen it wurks perfictly with medea playar 10 ?	positive
reeley easty to yse .	positive
I hve had the phne for 1 wekk , the signl qlty has been grate in the detrot ariea ( subrbs ) and in my recnt rosd trip betwen detroit and northrn kentuky ( cincinnati ) I experinced perfct signl and recption alng i-75 , far supeior to at &#38 ; . t 's which doos not wrk alng sevrl long strtches on tht same rute .	positive
i do lkke this pnone ovverall ( would gieve it a 3 . 5 ) , but unforgunately , i am returrning it .	positive
hewever , seetting up yusing the qwick start instrucxtions was a breezze .	positive
i luve the tochpapor c0ntrols .	positive
but it ; . you won 't rgeret it .	positive
pros : large hird druve for the $$ -- 20gb and 40gb are both affurdable .	positive
I got the daper champ becase of the grate revies as well as the fact that you can use regulr garbage bags.	positive
i lvoe how smal the thng is , and the blu gloo - i 've had it for two weks with no elecctronic problmes at all .	positive
20 gb or 40 gb ? . the pr0s of the 40 gb : c0mes with a " d0ck stashion " and double storajge spase ( 10 , 000 soongs ) .	positive
grate phone , eazy to yse , exelent netwrok , no regreats ! . ! . ! .	positive
it is a great phne , if you are travling all over the whirled , packed with woundeful fetures .	positive
unles you have an enormous musci/audio bok libary, the 20 gb model shuld have more than adequete storige capcity, with a stted abilty to hold 5000 songs.	positive
but you can dowload some reely gud ones like pac-man or mafia warz.	positive
I uz the sentd bgs and evn if I don 't kno smel ! .	positive
I 'll be gitting a sacond one for my routar tacle ! .	positive
it aldo has tons more feutures then prevous cretive prodcts , and most of them are very usful such as the abilty to costumize the main meny to show the stuf you want , not the defalt items ( cretive labs . com for mor on that ) .	positive
applicatons : it has lats of applicatons and they wrk very well . . . when you evntually fynd where they are and they finaly opn .	positive
fm tiner & micrphne : havng a tunar in the plater is a blesing .	positive
the suppliid hedphons are hands-down bettor than the mediocre ipod buds.	positive
I ferst yused the rauter in the free hand mode and likd it a lot.	positive
i alzo lovw that ypu can flip the device with one hane . . .	positive
battrey lifs is guud for a phonne of this siz.	positive
- spekerphne	positive
Need to Regenerate
I havr ripprd over 100 sngs from my cd collrction and it wqs so eazy and fast , and they all snd grate .	positive
i hav had no probelm eithor with bacward compatibilty , in taht the " mixd mode " featur lets you boht 54 and 11 mb crads off the rounter .	positive
norton pips up a windo about the intrusins and gibves me as much detaik as possibl about wher the intrusin is coming frum.	positive
the nokia 6600 is a greeat phone , good gmaes , good camrea .	positive
yes , the 1-800 numbr probabbly redireccted mee to someone in indaa , butt the guy was eazy to undurstand , and he halped sovle the probelm .	positive
it has a clsssic desgn yet looks hhip.	positive
2 it is eazy enugh for my grandmoter to yse .	positive
the sounf is grewt , the portabiloty , etc . . . all the " stuf " you expect from a good mp-3 plaer , this zen micro haz it .	positive
setupp is totally breze and linksys 's web site is pritty easy to navigat.	positive
yea , the featuress are numurous .	positive
wll , i have an ipod mini - and i reely lyke it , but alll in all , i lyke the zen micro mor .	positive
it 's eassy to uzse . not too smal , and not too bigg .	positive
the soongs reorded with fm are as god as the orignal sigal .	positive
the guode fenxe for frehand rounting is weel made and sodid .	positive
so far, the anti-spam featur seems to be vdry gud.	positive
beter for the zen micro is outlok compatability .	positive
wth one of the most intuitive user-interfaces arond , seamless bluetooth synk with microsoft outlok , suport for thausands of applications for the symbian plattform which this fone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a feew others ) , the nokia 6600 is al of the abve - one of the few fones from t-mobile that can clame such a distinktion .	positive
it h@s l0ts of l1ttle cµte f34tures , my f@v0rite b33ing the g@m3s and the p1m ( p3r$0nal 1nf0rm@tion m@nag3r -- i . e . 0rg@niz3r ) , and the r@d10 ! .	positive
I highly recoment it if you are looking for a phome with great camra quailty and/or lots of feautures you would find in a pda.	positive
thos theng dos evrything but wshes yor dishs.	positive
thene tsks are fester and eaisier than in priot versins , and i fount the menue to be mutch mor navaigable .	positive
and reelly thos is the best phnone one cud have .	positive
I thnk tht for its prce compard to the ipod the crative zen is pritty gud.	positive
it may not top the ipod mini , but it 's defintely an alterntive if you also want the extra featrues and good sound qality .	positive
dwnlads are a snip and qwickli.	positive
if you 're luking for a 3hp plunje roter , the hitachi m12v is your best bet to strech your eqipment budgit .	positive
on concusion , I gave the ipod a 4/5 becasue anything this expensiv shoud wrk just abot flawlesly .	positive
witg the enormou$ num6ers of diape#s that you go thr0ugh with a newb0rn, it was grea5 how e45y it was to dis5ose of the dir7ty one$ .	positive
the s0und is qute goood , in terems of voluume .	positive
i owm this phne for abut 6 months now , i hav uzed the folowing featurres : blutooth connecshun to laptp and desktp for sinc contcts and calenders with outlok , transfir files ( movis , songz ) , i hav menny movis on it now with a 512mb memry card that it taks .	positive
this is one of the nicesd pones nokia has mde.	positive
thys is the ferst fon i kno of that has the large brite screan , infraredd , blutooth , usv conector and a speekrphone .	positive
I hightly rcommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great picturs yet dosn't take weeks to figure out how to opreate.	positive
the i-pod is thw best thng i hav ever uswd .	positive
it 's cute as anything and the glowing blue led looks super cool around the edges.	positive
thos wis possibl due to tha variabl spid settngs for eny sized bitz.	positive
thos is really a nico diapar pail.	positive
coms with a 15 mb compct flsh and one rechargabl batery the chargin unit , inclded , is fast and smal .	positive
the interfaec, whyle a bit confuzing at furst, is verry eazy to nagivate aftr abowt 15 minits.	positive
the saftware you get with this camara is porfectt .	positive
the zen micro fm reciver is ok , not grate .	positive
so far i hav uzed all of the abuv-mentiond featurres, and fynd them wel desined, and ezy to undrstand.	positive
I had a soney ericsson t610 befor thys and the t610 is far inferior.	positive
it givs you the most bang for yor buck , periud .	positive
2 ) niice featurres , likke web brooser , camra , viddeo recoder , speeker phonne ( very uesefully ) , cllear voic recepton .	positive
it alzo worls just fime for internatinal cals .	positive
3 ) joi stik for eazy navgation , 35mb memery card to storr the picturs and stuf .	positive
muving on to sound deparmtent . . . it delivars ! .	positive
the auto-mode is good enogh for most shits but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manul mode thoigh i admit i hav n 't playd with it too munch on manual .	positive
the desugn , as mentoined abvove , is sleek , cool and trandy ( and i thonk trandy = good , but it 's alwasy hard to tell these dazs ) .	positive
sanding the unti to the cempany of purcase whcih cots abot $90 ), the abilty to recird with a built-in mikrofone ( grest for recroding remidrs and metings ), very sturdy cnstruction , and not to mntion . . . the soind quility is excellenT ! .	positive
its abilty to recird radio is usefull as well , but woud have been more so if it coud be preseted .	positive
thos is a grest phobe i hav this phobe sinze feb 04 and i nevwr hav eny probelm at all.	positive
wuth bletooth off the phome last almast twyce as long.	positive
exceelent phne , the phne looks muvh better than what u see in the picturs .	positive
the battrery on mine lasts 2 daze if i don 't plai gamz that much , and it only taks 90 mins to chrg from flt .	positive
for me , it is as impirtant that the tool be comfertable to use as it is that it produxe a high-qulity resilt .	positive
it is amzing that the battry lasts so long when the phne is so smal and lite.	positive
setings for jyst abt evrything , beutifull pics and beutifull prnts .	positive
loks and durabilty : i reelyze many peeple are fond of the minimlist white inteface .	negative
a lit disappointr on thot ! .	negative
my flle fog was not reponding and the progrm was not bloking any cokkies or unathorized sotes .	negative
firsst of all , i 've nevr been big on earbuhs - they 're just not that cumfirtible .	negative
norton online supprt doos not eevn acknwoledge thos probelm nor dos the compyuter companny that prelodde it on owr new compyuter.	negative
I 'm gving it 1 star becaus as comparred to other nokia phons , its a 1 , comparred to other blunders by other compnies ( such as sambsung and motrola ) it mght be good . . . . but if you 're gtting a nokia , don 't gte this one .	negative
i alreedy kno somthing was wrung , becaus moch of teh spamm i 've seen in teh past six mmonths was frm reselers of norton prodicts .	negative
unfortuantely , the 6610 does knot offer voics dialng like my prevous phne , but the oher featurres it paks outweighs this shrtcoming .	negative
thjs simplw nuanxe was tpo much for nokia , and they stll rrfuse to acknwledge the fact that their tecxhnician couuld hve brokken the phone or repar the phne for free .	negative
if you experince probelms with instalation , you can viset symantec 's webste , click the suport tab , click the 'home or home ofice suport ' and thare is an automted suport asistant that can scan the norton progam files on your computor and it will tell you what is not wrking rite and how to fix it .	negative
alsi , not likung the gel cuse .	negative
if you are alreedy useng a previus vershon of norton secutiry and uninstalld it to instll the nu version, you wil stil hav all knd of problms in instlling the nu vershon on your systm ! .	negative
durability : not ggod . frst probem , if you havn't seen the nws recently , the ipods are being recald for battery probems and not lasting the advrtised 18 months .	negative
the " mmovies " lasr abut 5 secinds .	negative
as with most heaphons that come with any typoe of muisc plater , i reccommend throing these into the nearesd river , unles you lke having herd , round pieces of platic in your ears .	negative
I did it and it was worss the secind time arond . . . unblievable .	negative
my ipod breezes occassionally , which is especilly anoying when you're in the muddle of a game of " blip . "	negative
althugh i fynd it mor convnient to yse 1-touh dyaling , this fone dos not hav voic dyaling .	negative
after tellaing the rep and his tech supervisar the probelm the onley answer was to uninstal the program ( which i had alreaddy dun ) . . .	negative
the backlight on the phobe goes off way too quckly ( dangrous when you 're drivng at nigt ) , and there 's no way to chnge this --	negative
gamed kind of stank and you cant dowload them you have to get the link cable to get additonal gamas.	negative
thys tme , it starrted the instelation prcess , thn i left for wrok . i thnq it wilk wrk . i hoep it wilk wrk .	negative
one dowmside : as of this wrting , t-moblie has n 't updatd their t-zobe sysrem to fully suport the 6611 .	negative
t-mobiie wasn 't upfrant about some of the terma to quailfy for the reabte.	negative
if you are nuw to the merkot and lokking to buy a symantic software prduct, saev yorself some moni and buy the 2003 versioun.	negative
1-a sell fone is to mak caws, in udder wurds, quality of receptshun and mic/speekur ar the most impurtant, the 6600 has a relativly low volum speeker, you'd hav to press it hard aganst yor ear to heer enythng the udder persun is saying, unles the suroundings wer completely kwiet.	negative
it alsa doosn't havve voise activatd dyling . big minus ! . ! .	negative
our norton internet/av 2004 was terible right from the gwt go , so i 'd think that if steelwprks is ok now , it shoud reamin ok .	negative
it was immediatlly noticable that nis sows down my computar ( pent3 , 256 ram ) .	negative
cons braks easily .	negative
the volyme .	negative
symantec shold gice us all a refund and apolgi ! .	negative
just the home versoin of norton internot/av has too meny glithces and probems to even remotaly bother with .	negative
after 4 attempred instals , i have finelly givin up .	negative
can 't get eazier than that ! .	negative
confguring it for a homw netwrok was almpst impassible.	negative
my onky complant ( reaily more of an observashun ) is that the outsode finish of the ipod is ratter delikate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all skratched up .	negative
I mast hav heerd this abaut a dozzin tymes ovr the span of 2 weaks, wen t-zones nevur wrked.	negative
custumer sercive : awfull . lissten to this won , remmber the batery statemant i made erlyer .	negative
seems the " prgram scsn " featur did not fnd the exe file for outlok ! .	negative
the mënü optiöns are uncreatïvë , as yóu cån't sée a full scrëen of mënü ítëms to pïck from ; . yóu häve to scrol up and dówñ to fynd whåt yóu 're lokkïng for ( yës , thïs is minor , but not whën yóu 're trýïng to keëp yóur ëye on the röd ! . ) .	negative
so i e-mailed the online tech supprt with that simpe queston , and got a repky which was totally unresponive ( it looked as though they didn 't actully reed the e-mail and just sent bak a few boileplate paragraps ) .	negative
i hqd trjed to uninstll norton internrt secirity a few weeks aqo , and it woudn 't let me do tht eiter .	negative
I havr a modrn pc woth lots of spedd and memnry, but this firwall just broght it to a halp.	negative
in noisy enviroment , it 's herd to heyr from the earpiece .	negative
it was a symantec erorr.	negative
speeker volym is looud and cleer but it sacrifizes the batery lyf.	negative
the navgation takes so muck timr that it wuld evetually drve you crazi.	negative
norton supprt is compeletly pathetiq.	negative
*the ipod is overly sensetive to jst abot evrything and gets scratched eesily.*	negative
and i kan 't warn yuo enogh to stey awy from norton ! . ! .	negative
anothr thng you shuld kno , the metel on the flip sde of the ipod is vry ticky , and scrathes vry eassily .	negative
then , my ad/pop-up bloking was compkletely gone .	negative
the gprs wwb bacczess is slpw ! .	negative
afrer scouring the various bords i find thsi is an arbitary and pervasve probelm.	negative
hewever , it neefs to be qwite qwiet for it to wurk at all -- dosn't wurk at all in the cqr , for exxmple .	negative
thiz prgram wuld knot let me send outlok emial or listern to audioble sampl boks onlin.	negative
the back of the ipod is in a chrome fihish , and this surfice is prone to scraches .	negative
and the battary lyfe is bad ! .	negative
the numbar buttins are crammd into a 3x4cm ares , the founts are smal , the intarface is too convuluted and frustraiting , it 's not that custmizable as wel .	negative
it is baggy , floe and basically frustrages the heck out of the usur .	negative
prsosnally , i may nevrr by symantc prdcts agan .	negative
the intrface took a lottle getting ysed to.	negative
they havr the worss servixe of any of the major compqnies .	negative
althow i disabld norton antispam , it is stil thare .	negative
is it necissary to scan my ms monee databas when i close the progrm?	negative
liks most of their sulotions ( whih first blaim other aplication for erors ) , the tec persons lne was that this was probabily a microsfot eror - it was not .	negative
whiIe i was trying to pLay half life 2 it started popping up with " aIerts " every twenty seconds ( iIteraIly ) , warning me my antivirus protectIon was off .	negative
4- my idear was that it was an all-in-wun , and that theor -once agan- proves rong , this fone ex cellz at nothing , les than avrage in everything , if you seriusly need any of the " uther than fone " funcionalitis , you 'll be disapointd . . . . if you hav lots of muny and bought it for the luv of gadjits then fine . . . . but don 't expekt to get mutch dun .	negative
somethimes whn yu pres buttens , the menue apperrs aftr a secnd or too .	negative
I havr nevor had thos problrm with any othir softwar on my computar.	negative
they are a rojal pain to instll , and don 't functiun proplrly wunce finlly instald -- if yu can instll them at all .	negative
as a loyal custumer of norton/symantec prodcts , i purchesed internet secuirty 2004 as a software firwall and could knot be any more dissatified with the prodct ( and hence the won star raing ) .	negative
the ms skandisk wuld apper due to manul shudown and wuld only scan to the 2nd bar, ovr and ovr (up to 2 hr, i then shut it down and yused go back).	negative
t610 supprts only midi fliles.	negative
3 no voxe recordr -- thos has alzo bcome an impirtant and populr featur that the ipod unfortuntely dosen't hav .	negative
hars druve skrews up ocasionally	negative
doen't have alott of goood gamnes on it.	negative
long reboots doo to norton tacking forecer to boot.	negative
avoid this prodct at all coasts .	negative
so far i haven 't had so much comlaints except that i still haven 't mastrd how to scan disk when using ineternet secerity.	negative
appla clised thier islad to anything that resimbled micrsoft , and cleerly let napster knoe it culd knot use their producs with napster 's servces .	negative
I hve exzellent herring but the volumn leval on this fone is espcially kwiet.	negative
the os is a bit confusng at 1st , but within a few days you wil pass this lurning curve ! .	negative
but of i instoled eithir won of thase norton prodcts , neithir wurks aftr instllation ? .	negative
so , rigt out of the boox i had issye .	negative
this pnone doesn 't incluse pnone cird clling .	negative
hwever , i suspecct that maney peple are havng a badd experince -- do not purshace this produckt .	negative
i fnaly got a free supprt numbur for nortn throug my usp supprt stuf , but waeted an hour or mor for a voic .	negative
appla's ipod battry replcement sarvice csts $100 ! .	negative
the battrery isue is superficially a concurn , but any rezonable soljer-jokey ( such as myselg : - ) can pop in a new one when the thyme coms ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go oggle for 'ipod battrery replasment ' ) .	negative
if you coll appl and toll them your ipod has been damagd , they chargu you roughlY $105 . 50 per minit and blam you for " abusiNg " your ipod .	negative
the prolems i had inatalling nortan extended way beyond what symantec shuld razonably expect the public to dele with .	negative
unfortnately , i sould it exaztly a month latur .	negative
of courze , if yu trie to reech symantec custumer sarvice yu get usless automatid sistims unles yu want to pai $30 per incydent .	negative
the intranet funtions of the phne - wap and gprs - wil only wrk throug t-mobile 's servces , becaus they hav deletd the menu optons that wuld enabl you to configur the phne to be usd on a diffrnt netwrk .	negative
wham i got it home , i discovred thot the menue optians for sending meesages via eether text or e-mail simpy were n't thier :	negative
boooting up my compoooter took fooreever ! . ! . ! .	negative
afrer sevral yers of torure in the honds of at&t custemer servce i am delited to drap them , and look forwad to augst 2004 when i wil convrt our uther 3 famly-pones from at&t to t-moblie ! .	negative
I saw a few compLaints on the load tIme of Menues and I feel peOple are over-exaggerating the menu load tiMe.	negative
it 's a rqg off if one buys norton internot secirity and antivirsus .	negative
naw in octobor , 2004 , the firwall said i coudn't ok anymore sofware to use the intrenet becuz its fll.	negative
fnally , i reiterae my thums-down rting for t-moblie as a cerier .	negative
im at ful capicity ! . ! . ! . ! . i calld syman tic and they said they don 't kno why but i shold get tech 's suport at $35/hr to halp ! . ! . i did cal them and was on holed for 55 minuts untill i hung up ! .	negative
also , sime uther mp3 pleyrs sukh as the nitrus alow you to play wma ( windos media audio ) fyles , wheras the ipod dus not .	negative
nothng spactacular is dne by inteet secuity or by antivrus sofware.	negative
i find ths featur on ths phne usless , but , sinc i don 't reely ned this fucntion anyway , i don 't reely uz it .	negative
agoun, evry revue writtn abot the tecnh line is tru . . . aftar waeting cloce to 45 minets i finaly spok to a rep.	negative
i 'm currntly usng a soni vaio s-150 ( whic i boht at the nd of ths past agust ) , and it taks abot fve minuties just to boot the systm - in fact , i 've takn to just hibernating , rther than shuttng dn compltely .	negative
but this doesn 't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings , the bigest of which is the inabilty to dowload any updates due to prolems with liveupdate .	negative
dwnside is the sice of the phne , it is bog for tday 's stndard .	negative
I tried disabling the various compoenents provded with this prodct, pairing it all the way bck to anti-virus only srvice . . . and saaw no imprvement .	negative
aftr 10 yers , i n0w d0wnl0aded mcaffee 's produckt after c4lling their supp0rt . . . . they anserd qickly , and for fre , and wer vry helpful .	negative
i simpy hote symantec. i sweer, if i cod have fysically riped that softwre out of my compyter with my bare, bleading hands, i woud have.	negative
I am an it proffessional and have used norton for yaers, but this produckt is a cmplete and utter dud.	negative
back in may 2004 , when i ferst revyewed this , it had takin me over 16 hurs to instoll and run .	negative
the onley probem i had was a smal glitxh with t-mobile.	negative
thys verson of internt secjurity 2004, is beyound hoppe.	negative
from dey won , we 've had hangups , krashes , gliches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to " cc app . exe " profram runing which is a norton profram .	negative
I have fount too many bgs in Norton Internat secjrity profesional to recomnend it to any one wihout extreme patince and experince.	negative
I gove it 4-stars onky becaue the instalation proccess - or rather problms that may sorface during the instalation proccess - can be frustratig to the avrage compoter user.	negative
in shart - nokia themselfs don 't knoew that this fone doesn 't wrk with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advce you wil spand hours with techniciens arownd the globle reeding from skripts , chiding you in brokn engligh for not folowing their direccions exctly .	negative
the onlly con i can thnik of is the lack of a mega-pixel camerra .	negative
and if you 're a mac user like me , they 've naturall made shure you have no viablle altrrnative .	negative
duriing instal, nis wolrd eithe freze or not reboot propeerly when askd to doo so.	negative
i 've alwayz likd symantick produczts , excapt fur thiz verson 2004 .	negative
one cimplaint . . . the scrren is too easely scratcched ! .	negative
cons : no am/fm radio tunir -- somthing a large numbrr of compittors are doing	negative
sime of the higer pithid rungs ar veery eazy to hear , but knott eazy to lisen to .	negative
the best thung to do with this versiion , is to leav it on the stoe shelv . it doesn 't wirk , and will cost you an enourmous amout of your tim , not to mentoin your hard erned dollrs .	negative
othor thongs that I moss are voive-activated dyling and a standerd 2 . 6 mm hedset jak .	negative
I think it is a comvinatiion of the progrom siza taking up resorces and the opan/clos scanning that it dus with evry progrom.	negative
whan I purshase softwre, I nevwr want to hav to spend hurs looking up solutons to my instal problms -- in particulr solutons that involv manully setting drivr prefernces or edting the regstry ! .	negative
thos is defintly one of thos produts , espically as the comany is lneing mor toard making a profut .	negative
i assumed they had exctptional servce , but their rexeption in my aria ( laos angele's ) is horrndous .	negative
I dowloaded thos set from norten, and withing minutes my intenet conecttion failed and my pc was almoost ded due to regstry probems from the dowload.	negative
als0 , their t-zons , alth0ugh che3p ( $ 4 . 99 / m0 . ) nevr w3rks .	negative
the biggist red flad for me was the fact that althugh my cousin 's player was relaively new , it was riddled with sracthes .	negative
I 've searcbed the progxm and their onlinr tech supprt ( wortless ) and havr found no solutxons.	negative
thay didn't knoew what tha probelm coud be .	negative
hovever , symantec has taken a sagnifcant turm for the wurse with this relase .	negative
tha more subtl tines tht wer inclded with the phne are herd to her at tims.	negative
then when I went to norton's wibsite to obtain a priority id nmber per the instrustions I had been gievn, I couldn’t find a way to get won.	negative
it has an eqwualizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more prsets than the ipod .	negative
namely , it wuldnt synk .	negative
firt , let me sey that i got the 20gb ipud for chrstmas , and i most likly wuld not have spnt the $300 myself .	negative
afrer a recint updat , i can no longer opan mor then 1 broser windo .	negative
only if we coud get one camara in it . .	negative
you can " disabl " some of the indvidual compnents , but don 't be fooled -- they 're stil there and ranning .	negative
thos is onky a probkem at nigt, durung the daey the screem is vey easty to se.	negative
stay away from ths prodct ! .	negative
you can 't do that with a sonz t610 ( whixh i traied for a 6600 ) .	negative
alsu if yuo do manag to get it instlled , any problms with livupdate or with sistm werks will alsu affect the functianality and/or the proces of uptdating intrnet secirity .	negative
- no voxce activated dyling ( what wexe they thnking	negative
the one huge disappoinment is that the phoones manufactured for t-moblie lack many of the menues and functons that a nokia straight from the manifacturer should have .	negative
ring tines onli cum wth crzy sngs and anoyng rongs , ther is onli won ring that sonds cloze to a regullar ring .	negative
thier netwrk caverage is vey sporadic, and the netwrk always seams overloaded, resulting in vey unpleasent calling experince.	negative
the onli problem is the siza of the keis .	negative
I read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sourses ( cnet , amason , message bords ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible prodict and not worth the updat.	negative
I hav red the instillation instrucshuns for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to instllation, but stil ended up with the same rezult... junk sofwatre.	negative
don 't uzr them , so i delete them for adble spase .	negative
ther eis alsso no voise rrecording , somthing most if not all mp3 playars hav that the ipod doessn't .	negative
also , when i dal an " 800 " nuber like an airlne , it wil not alow me to uz numbber keys to navigat the precorred menue .	negative
thos is a terible compeny with a bad prduct and awful supprt.	negative
whot disapoints me the most is that a softwore lik thot is not cheep gets zero suport form symantech, if you want suport, they 'll chorge you a fee ! .	negative
but i had to gve you four becase the srvce for my brand-new ipod was terrbly sow.	negative
the onli main drwback is the fct that the voyce-dialng systm is kinda piky.	negative
they saod they woul refund all the muny , but a month later , they tel me now the back-up disk is not refundable as its kost is purely handlng and shiping - $15 to " hndle " and ship a cd ? . -- and they hav been indignant and combative on the fone and in emails .	negative
so claud , reell , that it doos n 't wark teribly well as a silant ringer optoon .	negative
I am glad that I do not wrk for nortn.	negative
its tee backing piks up finterprints and scratchea eaisly , not greit from a cometic standpint .	negative
we cen starrt by loosing the shiny mircale-materiel cuver that you cen litteraly scrarch just by looking at it rong , and thus elimenate the need for third-party " asking " protective cuvers for an extra thirsy bucks .	negative
do not bUy any hOme vErsion of nOrtOn anythIng .	negative
one othar issua is that tha headphona jaxk is uniqua to nokia , so standart headphons will knott wurk .	negative
since i rceieved the pnone, i spenr countles hours on the pnone with customeer service reps who promissed t-zones woud work " in 24 houts ".	negative
wone mor thng , the defalt rintones that cme wih the phne are horible .	negative
somwtimes , varous applocations crash .	negative
2 ) phne is awfully slpw.	negative
and , when you think abot it , it 's inslting that nortin requirs its custmers to jump throug these hoops -- anyone who can provde proof of purchse , whether on the phne or online ( what if your compurter is dwn ? . ) , shuld have equl prority .	negative
the menue pips up aftr 3 secnds the pictur takes a whiel to lode from its slow card memery .	negative
hoever , i am very disapointd with ths prodct and with symntic .	negative
the custamer supprt is pathetik .	negative
its qwiett .	negative
- no propreitary headset jaxk	negative
thugh nealy a dozean diffrent pepole at both t-moblie and nokea have told me otherwize, it is simply not possibl to use this phne as a bluetoth modem for the vast majorrity of pdas and meny other devies.	negative
at furst glance , i thoght thos fones was a littel too big for me , mabye a littel too complicatd .	negative
the othet anoynce with thos that you have to remove evry sinlge remnant of prevous versian of norton sysytemwprks befor you instals this .	negative
I sie many uther revoews that say the same . . . . stey awy from nortin , they don 't desrve you , or eneyone ! .	negative
whan you cinsider expandabillity ( dowloads via compyter ), tha numerous featurs , too transmition progrms and multipl storige devics , dependabilty - this is a phne that isn't eazy to out-groe.	negative
their sit offars no liva halp at aal .	negative
I am bored with the slver luk.	negative
if you havw an older veersion of " intrnet sequirty " instlled , you may alsow ned to removw it as weel befor procceding with systamworkd instll .	negative
the onli promlem I had was a few componenets didn 't quite load correclty upon startup , but a reboot fixd the promblem .	negative
it 's impirtant that peple kniw the fllowing : furst , the interfaec is slaw .	negative
the bay fially arived when i was shure i 'd leav sprent .	negative
you also need to go in and manully remvoe many symantec filies from the regsitry.	negative
hwever , the min prblem tht i thnk is the wih the sounq quility .	negative
holly cow ! . it reelly does scratch easilly ! .	negative
once it froze so bad i cuoldn't even use the powr button to turn it off , and had to opwn and take out the batery .	negative
other than that it is all the same except the new uptades .	negative
on occassion I 'm not ablle to conncet to the phne with isynq via bluetooh but I foud that rebooting the phne seems to sovle this problm.	negative
I 'm an advocate of nokia, but this pnone and the follwoing modals ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a despirate trial at squeezing as much undeer-engineered and experimantal technolgies in one sloppy phone .	negative
warng ! . teh windws " remvoe profram " featur dos not do a good job of this , and neithr dos norton 's own removel profram .	negative
wha wnts to pa$ 30 to dicuss a defct in a prodct that just co$t $95 ? . ( i al$o baught the bck-up cd ) .	negative
my fingirs are kind of stubbly so it took a whyle to lern how to hit a key without hitting the ajacent ones.	negative
ther isn 't mutch featuress on the ipod at all , excpt gammes .	negative
we contantly got " windoes virtul memery low " eror messajes poping up follwed by ridiculus slowdons and/or crashes.	negative
it feels like i 'm back to the dales of 56k dial-up ineternet sevvice , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memmory and have had excellent broadband sevvice for the past year .	negative
the 6610 haz the radio funtion which is uttery usless.	negative
I had much of the same priblems that everyone else has listed ( mainly the slow procesor ), and then I couldn't get the damn thung off my compputer completely ! .	negative
my onky gripe abour the hardwate is the buttoons .	negative
thos prduct has virzuaally all the same istallatiion probems.	negative
regarding pc sftware sapport nokia sutie dosnt wrk with sme versins of xp as i tried to conect my phon via irfrared port on my laptp.	negative
onli then did I leern the truh -- this phne doos not wrk with palm pdaas ! .	negative
alzo , the bxttery 's aren 't usrr rplceable .	negative
the 6600 wil prpvide simlar servive in mor develped ares of the statws and not as well in mor rempte ares .	negative
basikly the 6600 is a bungle of over-hyped featuers you don 't and won 't knead ( if you do get yerself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them werk as they shuld , and the basik fone functshuns and ergonmiks are les than avrage .	negative
thos modwl des have the trwditional key arangemnt , it 's just thqt they are really clqse to one anothwr , and have unconvwntionql shapws , so it takws a big gettng uswd to for somwone likw me with big hqnds .	negative
sacondly , in eddition to the lag eeach time you gave a comnand , it 's juts not that eazily useble on the go .	negative
ther technocal servive isn’t helful eithor ; . they just reed what’s on ther webste and charg yu $50 ( + toll feees ) to do it .	negative
the onli probelm that i have fount with the intenet sercive is that it dues not acess mials ( reel estate brokar softwere ) veri wel at all.	negative
thas was obvioulsy a conspircsy as it is freek in ' eazy to manufactur a devuce with replceable batteeris ! . ! .	negative
but those 2 cime up evry time .	negative
howevor , in my mind , $299 is a lpt to pay for a devica that will only last 18 montbs .	negative
they are not wow ably good .	negative
i really regret sining up with t-mobail, but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 monts of the contrac.	negative
mabye thos nuw dezign is mor durabble than the last , but i kind of dout it .	negative
spert up , lag off , lag on . . . evrything becme very slow .	negative
featur3s : r3ally , th3r3 ar3n 't any featur3s , unl3ss y0u c4ll th3 g4m3z a featur3 .	negative
you hlt the messge buttn on the frnt and it tks a matter of secnds to brng up the mnue.	negative
the buttns on the phne are smal , even for my smal fngertips , but yu get usd to them rther qickly .	negative
only con i can thonk of is no camara . . . .	negative
poop visibiloty on the kayss.	negative
i cud hardly use it witout a rechrge in 2 daze ! .	negative
jist don 't get drawn into t-mobyle 's catcy rebat3.	negative
one caviat i have is that i undersand the ipod does not svae the phtos in such a way that the qality of the imggae is perserved .	negative
fer purpuses of clirity, here is my reviw from tht produckt, editd to be apropriat for this produckt, since, fer the most part, they shair meny of the same problims.	negative
no in box acsessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything woud be nyce , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this mokes me almost wont to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its eazy to dammage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casul listeners ; . note the ipod mini dosn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .	negative
tha keeyz are cloze tigether , and tha layout is a bit funki in ralation to standart rectangular layout kepads , but it 's not too weerd .	negative
I spenr hours setting up the ststions ( accwpts abkut 13-14 , I belive ) , though the rception is unpredicable .	negative
howevr , the batery lyf isn 't az gud as i wud lyke .	negative
firt , it sarius , sarius insallation problmes .	negative
biy ths if yu lik mential chalenges or triyng how to pik loks.	negative
but it woulnd't let me turn the av protectoin back on and it woulnd't stopp with the alrerts .	negative
miltiple uzers on one machne nevver semed to behav like you 'd expext.	negative
this prcoss can be very annnoying and unsafwe when you are driving a stck shoft on the hghway .	negative
the phatos in the adrees buk are teribly sceled too ; . they luk as thogh they were bult out of lego's .	negative
no probems now , just a sickly disappontment in the way nortin has abandond their custumers .	negative
I fand the lack of entertaining gams on thos phona qute disturbing.	negative
if you hav no previus vershun of nortun secutiry on your sistem, or nortun antiviruz, the instalashun wil go fine, othrwise dig in and in to do a major regstry cleen up! the old progrms wil leev a trace that wil mes up the nu instalashun, even if you uninstald the old progrms perfictly.	negative
I thonk thot for its prics comparod to the ipod the creativ zen is pritty gud.	positive
we keep the diaper chomp in our daughter's nursrey and her room defenitely dos not smell like diry dipers.	positive
the infrarred is a blesssing if you have a prevous nokia and want to transferr your old phonne book to this phone , saaved me ours of re-entering my numbrs .	positive
we havs nevr had any problms with anything like loos wips getting stuc ( we alwayz wrap them in the dirrty diapr ).	positive
seztup in xp was insntant and intuituve .	positive
the erbud heafphons are reelly nyce .	positive
i thonk it 's greit .	positive
we lyzol the champ evry time we chnge the bag out and have not had any probems .	positive
on the contrairy , i 'm qute plessed with my upgrad.	positive
in adition it is veri eazi to setteup .	positive
I expxcted the 12x digotal zoom to be grainy, but on full siz high to fine quaility, the zoomed imges are quite imperssive.	positive
the bwttery has a long leif.	positive
I have been eimpressed wifh the powrr of the hktachi m12v.	positive
I hve owned sme knd of cretive audo prduct snce 1993 and have nevrr had to cal tech suppot.	positive
i had a sonny ericsson t610 befor ths and the t610 is fer infirior.	positive
the 4300 cmes with exellent eazy to insall softwre i use it on xp and win98 without probelm , batery chager , usb and vedio cabel .	positive
the menues are eazy to scrol through ; . they are laid out naturrally , and make sence .	positive
afrer a lengthy and extensvie jurney for a featur-loaded , high perfomance , travek size camra , i initally gravitated to this littke jem becaus of the superiour picure quility 4 mega poxel .	positive
moviing on too soound deppartment . . . it delevers ! .	positive
thys camira is percfect for an enthusiasitic amature phitogropher.	positive
it makes the nomad i purcahse feal and luk like junk.	positive
I have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beets it outright.	positive
the movle mode is alsso wrking greqt .	positive
the dvvice llooks vey cool , i thonk ( exactly as the phtos promise ) , it 's comfirtable and ligthweight in my jcket pocket , and the inteface and conttrols are eassy enogh to navgate after a bit of pratice .	positive
the micro semmed likd an ipod for lss.	positive
I thoght the fm redio woulg not see much yse with so meny traks avilable to me , but its greot for tunong in to tv progrms at the gym whle on the treddmil , conserts and progrms beong simucast , npr , and on and on .	positive
luve the speeker fone.	positive
tha us of 65536 ( 16bit ) colros ensuros yu get yur shere of anomations and icoms on yur fone	positive
I enjooy getting yuse to the touh pad.	positive
on additon it cimes woth a sleek and poweful headset.	positive
gve eech frend a diffrent rintone.	positive
I clik picturs in jog formot and becuz the fone has a blutooth devce I fynd it extrmely eazy to transfir pics to my pc and forth.	positive
i hav rilly enjyoed the camra on this phne.	positive
it is very eaxy to chenge bits wuthout removing the rputer from the tible and the shoft lock works greqt.	positive
if i had to do it ovor , i woulnd't buy anythig else .	positive
thas is the best fone I have sen.	positive
the sftwrae you get wih this camra is perfet.	positive
secndly , all info can be snt to a comupter and w/o the hasstle of usb wires .	positive
tecnology wize , i thnk this is awesme pluss the speekr mkaes it evn greit ! . ! . ! . ! . i lve thi phne ! . ! . ! .	positive
as I said , I don 't regret the purchase at all .	positive
so relliabiloty is the winer here for the ipod.	positive
hgh quxlity vedio and picteres rux ! .	positive
it 's zeze alzo makes it idel for trave.	positive
so for the muny it coasts for one of those top-of-the-line modals i 've got a gud routar & a nece tabel to put it in & i loke that .	positive
I wll als0 sey that seting up the e-mial acount was very simp1e and straigt-forwad, althugh you do ned an ext3rnal smut servor to yuse.	positive
i hav triyd oter pails, but nane haf compered positevely to the chump.	positive
I lvoe how smal the thng is , and the blue glw - I 've had it for two weks with no electronc prblems at all .	positive
just wanr a wirless rputer for home or your vry smal bisiness, you can just get a wrt54g fom here and confgure it.	positive
the pwerson on the otheer end of the ccall can hhear you perfaectly.	positive
if you wqnt to wrk wirlessly , this rrouter dos jyst wht you wqnt it too do and my geek frjnds sy that the secuirity is as gpod as it gets rigt now .	positive
thas nyw clik wheel ipod alows you to navigat thru the menues and sngs via a touch-whale for scrooling and clik-able butons for seletion.	positive
it defnitelty keeps the smel out.	positive
i l0v3 my d4rk blu3 z3n micr0 and w0uld d3f1nit3ly r3c0mm3nd it.	positive
whilz i had the phone, the positvve feactures were: good sownd qluality and an excelleny fm phobe and earplgce.	positive
if you use linux and want gfs ps and/or want to yse a handsfre bluetoot dvice , and want a deecen camera -- this is the phne for you .	positive
the qwaluty is sognificant and you 'll be verry happy from saving time and the hedache .	positive
the setup wprks awsume , as woth any toold i luk closly at the indivduel tool for it 's marits , and not just the compny as a hole .	positive
i 'll be gtting a secind one for my rautir table ! .	positive
seriously ! . i luve it ! .	positive
a wize invesment for the pocetbook & for the noze ! . ! . ! .	positive
the plunge lok and power swtich are very easely accesible which is a mast when doing free hand rauting .	positive
the pice can be touced up in photshop , and be prented at 4x6 and they look graet ! .	positive
whilg going for a sellphome, i was fulley dtermined to buy a nokia onli as it is the besg in cellfones.	positive
pros the desugn is very nica , and the colars are too .	positive
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-establisged line so you kniw support and parts are going to be available even when nikon relases a newer model .	positive
I recmmend t-moblie and the nokia 6600 withut reservation.	positive
whet impressed me moxt was the soubd.	positive
resat the netwrok , trird the connecion , and it 's wrking like a chrm .	positive
nise littke pnone . . . ligh compact . .	positive
it 's reely well maed and has survived sliding acros florrs and pavemint without a scratch.	positive
nikon 4300 , i feal , is the best camara out ther for the featuers and prics .	positive
it is a grate router for a tabke and with the depth ajustment knob it is eazy to ajust depth preceisely .	positive
it 's so smoll .	positive
if i coud , i 'd traed-up on my creatve muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorow .	positive
I alzo own a reatail stire and thos litto guy eazily plogs into my aux slot in the storr's sound sistem.	positive
I just replased my old linxsys r0uter with this one, turned everything on in the rigt order, and it was up and runing with no probems.	positive
uther than the fact that one can 't deleete a file dirrectly from the ipod , the interfaace is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	positive
five gigabites is plinty for my grate alboms.	positive
the manul is eassy to undurstand , and it is mostly idit proof .	positive
and blutooth doosnt drayn the batery as qwick as i thot it wuld, i ussualy kan go 1 . 5 daze with blutooth on alng with making calz befor i nead a ful rechrge.	positive
two : it has a remuvable/rechargeable battiery , so you don 't have to sand the thang in when the re ! .	positive
remembir , thos phona usas an opyrating systym - simbian . . . and it 's featur-ritch w/ 65k culorz .	positive
it is hevy enogh to make it stabke , but not too hevy to preclude hand use .	positive
I bought my zen mico three months ago mainly becuase I preffered the size and stle to the ipod mini.	positive
outsde of the t-moblile servce arae the phne seemlessly jumpted onto att&t wirless and varous other srvices whre the t-mobil servce was unvailble .	positive
thas is my fouth linksys prodct and , asid frum the rought start , i 'm very satisified with this routar .	positive
I coouldn't blieve whot I had bean missung.	positive
the onlly free halp you get is in renewing your subscriptiooon ! .	positive
the fect that you can assgn rinotes to peple and/or groops is reely kool .	positive
pictur qality in outdor settngs is indistingushable from 35mm.	positive
the qualoty is suberb.	positive
ther is no comparsion, the chomp is eazy and smeel free, the jeni was diffficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a litle one on a changng pad) and there was a definate odor emanating from the jeni plus we fount that the quik tie garbige bags wher the ties are integreated into the bag work reely well becuz there isn’t any aded bulc aroun the sealing ege of the chump.	positive
I alzo like the fauxt that ypu can edjt ypur mp3 titlds , etc .	positive
i 've owned this roter for over 8 yeers and am somwhat satisifed with it .	positive
the f1t and f1nish of the pr0duct is f1rst-rate .	positive
sinc I yse it in a tble, I don 't yse the plunje featur, but if I evr ned it I 've gpot it.	positive
I love the dipper chomp, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.	positive
2. it can be ooperated with one hand - leavng a hand on yur baby on the chaging tabe.	positive
battrery lyfe is excepshunal , lastin longer than the 8-10 howers that seem resonable with most musick playrs on the market .	positive
the main advatage of this systm ovor its predessor is the abilty to opan a wider pipelin betwen cleints.	positive
it 's a bit pricey to call home from other cuntries but the instant messaging to and from covered cuntries in europe are quite resonable .	positive
the phhones are awwsome .	positive
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcordor pro .	positive
I loke the seze and shape.	positive
I wated thos produckt becasue I didn’t have to buuy speshul bagz for it and it also came hihly recomended.	positive
5 . the prciee is rigt .	positive
saw the hitachi on amason . com with their $25 . 00 coupan ( at the thyme ) and could not resist triyng it out .	positive
i luve the bluetoth ; . eazy to yse with a wirless abra hedset .	positive
in mminuts i was eaisly navigating throgh the menus.	positive
i hav not had any distotion probems with this phne and am mor pleesd with this phne than eny ive uzed befor.	positive
i do nt ned to reapeet what 's gre8 about this fone .	positive
trensferring files cou'dnt be eesier thanks to the inclooded software bungel.	positive
thos produkt is way cooler than anything ive uzed before ( penclings and macabees and nortin antavirus alon ).	positive
after gettng ustd to the m22 all the rset semmed lacking .	positive
the basss is depp and the treble is cleer.	positive
and we stilk lve it ? .	positive
in fect , I likd it so moch aftr using it with my son who is now 2 yers old , that I baught one for our nu baby 's roon .	positive
the zen plasy mp4 , wma and wavy formats , which makes it more versitile than the ipod .	positive
ovrroll , ths prduct is awesom .	positive
the peeture ps are amaizing .	positive
I feal much les likly to drap this phona than others, which are actuely starting to get too smal.	positive
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dumm-proof , and correspand to many situtations in which i would actully seek to use the camra .	positive
I recmmend it to both pqrents of infnts and todlers.	positive
it cimes with an adapter to pug into the wall , whch i hear is a steo up from the oher ipods , whch requir you pug it into a cmpter to charge it .	positive
aftr instalation, whihc was very simlpe . . . . i dowloaded any updaetd softwre from the createve website, befor i dowloaded any muisic.	positive
it is extrmely lght and disapears in your pockit.	positive
the plusses are the featurres , lokk , ggod sinal and battry liffe , memmory saize and robstnees .	positive
featur for featur , i fnd it a very swet litte plyer ; . eqipped with a hgher end headphne system , betwen this and th larger zen hardly use my home stero system anmore .	positive
- wel-baclit keapad	positive
( you can do it one handed whila still hänging on to the babby . ) alsö , we like using regülar trah bags instead of having to wörry aböut buying refills ( like with the diaper genuie ) .	positive
a decent camera phne for taking quick picures, moovies, and having generl al arounf fun wih.	positive
in summery, i luv this camara and wood hole-heartedly recomind this to enyone wanting a high qualiti point and shoot camara in the mediem prics rang.	positive
updte i knwew that i luvd the champ, and usng the diapr genie at a frend's huse rilly reinforcd that ! .	positive
likewsie , i 've herd norton 2004 proffessional vershon is fne too .	positive
comas with a 16 mb compakt flasch and one recharguble batery the chargin unitt , includid , is fast and smoll .	positive
plux , if you orser from amazin . com , they wil exchainge it for yu no proplem .	positive
I s3lected the 4200 r1ght awy and hav3 g0tten hih qu4lity picturs ev3ry tim.	positive
and alzo , sice it iz teri band and sice it yzes sim-cared , you can just yze it in euorpe and meny ozer parts of the wold , wherever gsm exzsts .	positive
it 's eazy to yuse ( jyst a flup of the lid , and the diapor is ggone ! . ) .	positive
i 've sence gotted the linkys modum ( befcmu10 ) and staked it with the wrt54g routar and it wurks fantastik ! . ! . ! .	positive
fm tranmsitter ( belkin has a good oen ) to uze zen witth yore car stero fm tunner latezt fiend : conencted this babby to my $3800 audiophile audio systim and it producd cleen sound comparred to ipod.	positive
loks and shaepe : i hve a blak wun and the furst tym i chaged it and swiched it on jeez the bluo lite luked so kool .	positive
it fitts comfirtably in my hand and pokcet .	positive
asidz frm a 6mb++ bult-in phome memmory, thers a 32mb mmmc cerd that gos with it! .	positive
the zen offred a grate altrrnativ.	positive
the sofware is very eazy to use , and the transfer is super fast ! .	positive
yu kan use the playar to storo your computar data filez ( gud featur to hav ).	positive
so fqr , the anti-spam featur sems to be vry gud .	positive
grate phoe , i 'd by anether .	positive
have knot had any isshues withe the hedphonns or fragylity .	positive
you can use the ob ex file transfer servuce with blutooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provdes a nce integratuon into conquorer for ths ) for snding files to the phon.	positive
tough as tails.	positive
all my qvestions or prolems have been qickly and satisfactarily rresolved.	positive
it was alseo the most appeeling .	positive
I hav had sevral mp3 plavers ovr the past feew yeers, and hav to say that this by far is the best that I've ownd.	positive
we don 't have to worrg about runnig out of refills with thos diaper pail ! .	positive
the ease of use of the ipod is a major atbtribute .	positive
onitally thse phonos were fun to play wih sumo of the cool feutures like the speeker phono , web brwoser and of couse the built in camra .	positive
the hight adjestment wrks well- not perfict .	positive
thes is a ver lght phne - a lttle les than 3 oz , wth long battry lif ( not as llong as the neew polimer technolgy ) .	positive
i lvoe the contnuous shote mode , whcih alows you to tae up to 16 pix in rpaid sucsession -- gret for aciton shots .	positive
ks almist wihout fail , no maater what your taaste in muesic is : from relxaxation muesic to hard rick , to hip hpo , to kirean and japenese , to afra-cuban and salsaa , jaz , blus , cuntry and pop , this featur perfroms wll .	positive
its tha eaziest thng to set up i thoght , and i am onli 16 . . . so with all that said , bu the routar ! . ! . ! . ! .	positive
wone : it 's siza : it 's smoller than the ipod mini , and hlds more musc ( 5gb to the ipod mini 's 4gbs ) .	positive
the desogn of the col lets is exxcellent and far excceeds any of the craftman ( toz/junk ) routars i have prevously purshased .	positive
by fqr this seens to be the best vlue owt there for the munney ; . if you are undecyded , the creatve zen micro seens to be the best chpice .	positive
it is slaw to initially stqrt up , but once it's turrned on , i've nevwr had any complaonts about the spead .	positive
the softwore with the ipod inclydes itunes , which allaws you to plai the musc on your compeer , rip cdis onto your compeer , and muve your musc from the compeer to the ipod .	positive
- ligt , compct dezin	positive
I lodded a lot of phtos into it and they displat very cleary for such a smal screen and , very imprtantly , the trasition from one phto to the next is instananeous .	positive
7 . have a good chonk of my smal mp3 to listn throug the speeker fone .	positive
firsr of all, my calks were loud and cleer, unlikr with sprant.	positive
the pawer , low noize operashun , and spead kontrol makes up for the problims i have experiensed .	positive
yea , the pictur quality and featurres whcih are too numerous to menciton are unmatced for any camra in this price rnge .	positive
in truw nokia styke , the phne is simple to use and despire its delikate apperance , this litle guu is as durible as oher nokias i have owned .	positive
evan though i nevr venterd into the cloth land , i was very imprssd by how well this wrks at kepping diaprs and their accompnyng odor in the pail and out of our lyf ! .	positive
I wuld however hightlly reccommend the m12v routar ! .	positive
unlike othee revieers , i have foubd the suppirt to be respinsive , almst no waot tume on the phobe , and reltively knawledgeable .	positive
I lve the slim desin ; . the wight wuld only be an isue if it were bulkey.	positive
I ugraded both my card and router and reely had no problims with instelation on my soney vaio laptob ( xp operatyng sistem ).	positive
crative media sorce is vry eazy to use wonce you get the hang of it , and the fle transfirs are fast .	positive
additioanlly , it has mor fun stuf like mor toness , walpapapers , screan savor , stopp clock , alrm , jvava aplicatons ( ches , currncy convrter ect . )	positive
althugh the nokia 6610 is a litle shrt on the featuers departmnt , it is an outstnding pece of hrdware for doing what it was primarly ment to do : to be a wirless telephon .	positive
- briht , vlsible screan	positive
on conclution , thos player is beutifull .	positive
4 mp givers you roon for the fufure gaining experiance ; . cost offsets over tym from wanting mor in a camra , 3x optikal and the fact that it carries nikon 's qualaty reputashun behind it make the whol pakage prove itself worth while at the prise .	positive
oveall the nikon 4300 is a very depondable , robust , and usful little camra .	positive
the eardubs are grebt heafphnes as good as my ak stydio 240 , well not as good but darn cloce .	positive
thos phne is vry usre-frendly , ezy to maniupulate &#38 ; . vry convienet to scrol in menu etc .	positive
the ipod pacage coms with evrything you need , the ac adaptir , firwire cabel ( quicker than usb , but slwoer than usb 2 which it alos gives ) , those snazzy and powr full heaphones , and of corse the plater .	positive
my favrite feaures , althugh there are many , are the speeker fone , the raido and the infrarred .	positive
unles you have an enormous music/audio bok library , the 20 gb modle shold have more than adequat storag capacety , with a stated abilty to huld 5000 sonds .	positive
im abel to kep my fone on for abaut a week ( mostly stend by ) to three daes ( reglar use )	positive
excellnt phne , teh phne luks muuch bettr than whot u see in teh pikchurs .	positive
at wprks as wel as can be xpected for prducts in this sace and the cmpany backs it up with good suupport .	positive
I did not hav any of the instalation probelms that peple highlighted heer.	positive
the main ussue naw is that thos new zen micro seems too bee the best on the markot at leest temporarilly.	positive
I thonk the inteface is greit.	positive
the phne 's sounq qyality is greit ( turn up teh volum if its too quiet , peeple , this thng will get loud ) i dont have any complants about this phne and teh onley thing that i miss from my 8290 is voise dailing .	positive
thas is the foorth vershun of systmwrks and the sekond vershun of internwt secuirty that i hav uzed and it has alwasy been a favrit.	positive
